===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-29 10:34:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to Teradyne, Inc. First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Traci Tsuchiguchi, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Traci Tsuchiguchi: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne’s most recent financial results. I’m joined this morning by our CEO, Greg Smith; and our CFO, Sanjay Mehta. Following our opening remarks, we’ll provide details of our performance for the first quarter of 2025 and our outlook for the second quarter of 2025. The press release containing our first quarter results was issued last evening. We are providing slides as well as a copy of this earnings script on the investor page of the Teradyne website that may be helpful in following the discussion. Replays of this call will be available via the same page after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risks that could cause Teradyne’s results to differ materially from management’s current expectations. We caution listeners not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements included in this presentation. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the slides accompanying this presentation as well as the risk factors described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 on file with the SEC. Additionally, these forward-looking statements are made only as of today and we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances, except to the extent required by law. During today’s call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. We have posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, where available, on the investor page of our website. Looking ahead, between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne expects to participate in technology and industrial focused investor conferences hosted by JPMorgan, TD Cowen, and Stifel. Our quiet period will begin at the close of business on June 20th, 2025. Following Greg and Sanjay’s comments this morning, we’ll open up the call for questions. This call is scheduled for one hour. Greg?
Greg Smith: Thanks, Traci. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Today, I’ll discuss our first quarter results and provide an update on the trends that we are seeing across our businesses. Sanjay will then provide more detail on our first quarter results and second quarter guidance. It's been seven weeks since our Analyst Day and the long-term themes that we discussed; AI, verticalization, and electrification, remain the primary industry drivers that we expect will accelerate our growth trajectory in the years ahead. In the near-term, the combination of trade policy and our customers’ heightened uncertainty around end market demand has caused orders to push out, as we discussed last month. Although the direct impact of current and anticipated 90-day tariffs on our model is minimal, we are more concerned about the impact of tariffs on the end market demand. Many of our customers, primarily in the mobile, automotive, and industrial segments, are reviewing their capital acquisition plans, and we do not have firm forecasts from them at this time. Beyond the second quarter, our visibility is very limited. As such, we are not commenting on or reaffirming our expectations beyond the second quarter. We delivered first quarter revenue towards the high end of our guidance range with gross margin and earnings per share above the high-end of our expectations. Strength in Semi Test, specifically SoC for the mobile end market drove year-over-year growth. This mobile demand is transitory and related to some supply chain transitions at our customers, rather than a signal of end market recovery. Our compute revenue also grew year-over-year in Q1 with record loading on our Ultra Flex and Ultra Flex Plus testers for AI accelerators. Revenue in our Product Test and Robotics Test divisions were generally in line with our expectations in Q1. In Semi Test, SoC delivered above our plan, and memory was in-line with our expectations as customers digest the HBM, or high bandwidth memory, capacity that was put in place last year. In the quarter, our Memory Business Unit secured a coveted HBM4 performance test win with a major DRAM manufacturer, which is expected to begin shipping in the second half of this year. This is our first DRAM wafer sort win at this customer and a major milestone for our memory business. Our IST business, or Integrated Systems Test, delivered first quarter results in line with our expectations and achieved initial customer acceptance for the new Titan-HP, targeted at system level test of AI Accelerators. We are seeing new opportunities emerging in the IST space with both new and existing customers. All of the businesses in our newly formed Product Test division delivered first quarter results in line with our expectations. While the wireless test end market for our LitePoint business has been generally weak since 2023, the team has continued to secure the majority of opportunities in wireless networking sockets. In the first quarter, LitePoint won 13 of 13 of the Wi-Fi 7 wireless test opportunities. A critical aspect of our strategy to gain share in high performance computing is to establish a leadership position in Silicon Photonics test. In support of that goal, we believe that we are on track to close the acquisition of Quantifi Photonics in the second quarter. In the first quarter, our Robotics division executed a structural reorganization, consolidating the customer-facing sales, marketing and service organizations between UR and MiR. Our robotics team has responded with resilience in what continues to be a very challenging macro backdrop. In the quarter, Teradyne Robotics received the largest order in its history from a global automotive manufacturer for both MiR AMRs and UR cobot arms. The new Pallet Jack MiR 1200 is now in the hands of distributors and select lead customers and pilot installations are running. Moving on to Q2. As we discussed at our Analyst Day, we have seen customers push order delivery out from the second quarter into future quarters due to the uncertainty international trade policy could have on end market demand. Despite this, our view of Q2 remains in line with the expectations that we set in March. Given the lack of visibility and the impact that trade policy may have on the industry and our business, we are prudently managing expenses. While there are systematic OpEx savings that are delivered by our flexible business model and variable compensation strategy, we are also actively managing expenses with the objective of generating operating leverage. With our strong balance sheet, consistent free cash flow generation, low capital intensity and variable operating model, we are continuing critical investments and are positioning ourselves to drive growth as customers figure out their strategy in the current macro environment. We see green shoots of evidence of this across Teradyne, as our business units address emerging opportunities and increasingly work across divisions to better solve customer problems. TAS, or Teradyne automated solutions, is a great example. Semiconductor customers are interested in automating particularly their back-end processes, which are still quite labor-intensive. In the first quarter, we announced the strategic partnership with ADI, which will deploy UR cobots and MiR AMRs to support ADI's collaborative automation initiative. The semiconductor market is one of the segments our robotics business is targeting to drive diversified growth. Within Semi Test, IST is working hand-in-hand with our SoC team to help current and potential customers in the AI compute space cost-effectively optimized test insertion points. We are seeing this with our first Titan HP customer acceptance and revenue in Q1 from a hyperscaler customer. And in product test, our PBT, or production board test, business, which has historically been strongest in the automotive industry, is making gains in AI compute where technologies pioneered by Semi Test are being leveraged to help hyperscalers test server-level products. The increasing complexity and high cost of failure of these end products is creating sizable opportunities for us. In the mobile space, after years of overcapacity, utilization rates have improved considerably, as evidenced by new system orders for AI compute complementing upgrades of underutilized mobile testers. We have started to see improvement in LPDDR for mobile applications, and we started shipping our next-generation image sensor testers for the mobile market in Q1 of 2025. We are also winning new opportunities in SLT in the mobile market. With 2-nanometer and gate all around on the horizon, we are optimistic that as demand recovers, the setup for our mobile business is good. We cannot predict the impact that dynamic trade policies will have on global end demand, but we know that Teradyne has historically emerged stronger coming out of challenging macroeconomic periods. We expect that to be the case in 2025 as well. With that, I'll turn the call over to Sanjay.
Sanjay Mehta: Thank you, Greg. Good morning, everyone. Today, I'll cover the financial summary of Q1 and provide our Q2 outlook. Now to Q1. First quarter sales were $686 million, which was towards the high end of our guidance with non-GAAP EPS of $0.75, above our high-end guide of $0.68. Non-GAAP gross margins were 60.6%. This was above our guidance due primarily to product mix. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $275 million, up year-over-year as we have increased our investment and target opportunities to drive longer-term growth. That said, it's down sequentially as part of our implemented spending controls. Non-GAAP operating profit was 20.5%. Turning to our revenue breakdown in Q1. Semi Test revenue for the quarter was $543 million, with SoC revenue contributing $406 million; Memory, $109 million; and IST, $27 million. Strength in SoC was driven primarily by mobile. As expected, Memory revenue was lower as customers digest the HBM test equipment delivered in 2024. We expect DRAM to dominate the memory mix in 2025 just as it did in 2024. IST revenue was $27 million, was up both sequentially and year-over-year, driven by new SLT shipments for mobile and our first AI compute revenue. In product test, Q1 revenue was $74 million, down 4% year-over-year, with wireless test revenue of $29 million up 20% year-over-year. This growth in wireless test was offset with weakness in production board test tied to the automotive industry and timing of programs in defense and aerospace. Now to Robotics. Revenue was $69 million, declining both sequentially and year-over-year. In the quarter, UR contributed $49 million and MiR contributed $20 million. While the long-term drivers of AI and onshoring and advanced robotics remain intact, near-term macro factors continue to be a headwind. In robotics, the operating loss was $22 million, in line with our expectations. Given our restructuring, I'll share the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation of the loss. On a GAAP basis, our loss in Q1 was $37 million, including approximately $11 million in restructuring primarily associated with our go-to-market consolidation and $4 million of amortization of intangible assets. This restructuring has reduced our operating breakeven revenue from $440 million to $365 million as described in January. I'd like to highlight our life-to-date Robotics GAAP results. Life to date, our GAAP losses are $231 million. Breaking that down, approximately $233 million of noncash amortization of intangibles, $45 million of restructuring costs resulting and $47 million of cumulative non-GAAP operating profit. Some other financial information in Q1. We had 1 customer that directly or indirectly drove more than 10% of our revenue in the first quarter. In Q1, 19% of our revenue was shipped to China, 12% in support of multinational customers and 7% in support of indigenous Chinese customers. For context, in the past two years, shipments to indigenous -- to Chinese indigenous customers has been 5% of Teradyne's revenue. The tax rate, excluding discrete items for the quarter, was 13.5% on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis. At a company level, our free cash flow was $98 million, primarily driven by earnings and net working capital improvements in the quarter. We repurchased $157 million of shares in the quarter and paid $19 million in dividends. We ended the quarter with $622 million in cash and marketable securities. Now turning to our outlook for Q2. Q2 sales are expected to be between $610 million and $680 million. Second quarter gross margins are estimated at 56.5% and 57.5%, a decrease quarter-over-quarter driven by product mix and lower volume. Q2 OpEx is expected to run at 40.5% to 44.5% of second quarter sales. The non-GAAP operating profit rate at the midpoint of our second quarter guidance is 14.5%, with non-GAAP EPS expected to be in the range of $0.41 to $0.64 on 161 million diluted shares. GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.35 to $0.58. Moving to the topic of tariffs. As Greg noted, the primary concern of the tariffs is the impact on the end market demand. As our manufacturing footprint and the location of our customers, we expect only a minimal impact on the efficiency of our business model. The impact of the tariff will generally be passed along to customers in affected regions. In Q2, we expect to have a small increase of cost of sales and operating expenses, which amounts to approximately $0.02 of earnings for Q2, which is included in our guide. While we have assessed the financial impact due to tariffs in Q2, there is little ability to predict either the changes in tariff or trade policy or the magnitude of impact of the trade policy on end market demand. As such, please do not rely on prior financial guidance that extend beyond the second quarter. That said, I'd like to provide additional color on the dynamics we're seeing in some of our markets. In Mobile, after two consecutive quarters of strength driven by some supply chain shifts, we expect our Q2 revenue for Mobile to be lower. In Q2, we also expect a significant sequential decline in Memory revenue as the market continues to digest installed HBM test capacity. Looking out further. Freight policy, including tariffs, are most likely to impact mobile, automotive and industrial end markets. Significant changes to the AI diffusion rule or semiconductor trade restrictions may impact the Compute market. Turning to share buybacks. As noted in our press release, we've increased our share buyback target from $400 million in 2025 to up to $1 billion through the end of 2026, reflecting our confidence in our long-term plans and free cash flow generation. Summing up, we delivered strong sales, earnings and free cash flow in the first quarter. Our expectations for the second quarter are largely in line with our expectations provided at our Analyst Day, inclusive of the expected impact of tariffs. While visibility remains limited and there is a heightened uncertainty on the end market demand, we are confident in the long-term drivers of AI, electrification and verticalization that will drive the industry and our businesses in the coming years. Our resilient variable business model and strong balance sheet enable us to continue to invest in areas of strategic importance as we await a broader end market recovery. With that, I'll turn the call back to the operator to open the line up for questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Krish Sankar with TD Cowen. Please proceed.
Krish Sankar: Putting my question, Greg, you kind of mentioned that how seven weeks ago at your Analyst Day you saw tariff-related pushouts. But now it seems like some of your OSAT customers are seeing tariff-related pull-ins, so I'm kind of curious. What are the dynamics you're seeing? It seems like you're really seeing pushouts, no pull-ins, kind of like what end verticals is it coming from? Is it mostly auto analog industrials or are you also seeing this trend with mobile and HPC? I then had a quick follow-up.
Greg Smith: Yes, Krish. So I think the effects of pull-ins for end orders, like people hurrying to get chips, are mostly affecting capacity that -- it's using capacity that's already in place. It is not significant -- we haven't seen significant pull-ins into Q1 or into Q2 to provide additional capital equipment to support that. So that's not a factor. The pushouts that we were talking about at Analyst Day are the situation is essentially the same as it was back then and the pushouts are primarily coming from our customers that serve the auto and industrial space. We haven't seen significant pushouts associated with mobile but we are concerned about the potential end market impact that like that is an effect yet to be seen that we don't have information about.
Krish Sankar: Got it. And then just a follow-up on the HPM wafer start win. Is this an existing HBM customer? Is it a new one? And also, typically, Teradyne has been better in because speed is more important. So I'm kind of curious what got you the wafer assortment? Thank you.
Greg Smith: Okay. So the important thing to remember is that with HBM memory, there is now a performance test that occurs at wafer level, so this is a post stack test. So you do a core test of all of the DRAM wafers then you dice those wafers, you stack them up onto a substrate wafer, and then you do another wafer level test of the entire stacked HBM memory, and that's a performance test that happens at higher speed. That's the insertion that we won, and that is a -- that HBM4 win is with a customer, we didn't have existing HBM3 or 3E business.
Krish Sankar: Thank you, Greg, very helpful.
Operator: Our next question is from C.J. Muse with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please proceed.
C. J. Muse: Yes, good afternoon. Good morning. Sorry. Thank you for taking the question. I guess, I understand not guiding to the second half given lack of visibility. But I'm hoping you could kind of speak to what you can control? So how are you thinking about kind of what the new gross margin range would look like for the full calendar year? And do you have an updated view on how we should be thinking about OpEx?
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. C.J., it's Sanjay. So for the full calendar year, given the uncertainty on the top line, the impact of the tariffs or the trade policy, the revenue mix is really a large factor. So we're not providing any guide for the gross margin. I will share that our first half from a gross margin perspective, is percentage-wise is roughly in line with where we expected. Q1, a little bit better and as we're guiding Q2, a little bit worse, but overall in the first half, percentage-wise, were aligned. And given the uncertainty of the top line, we're not providing any guide for the second half. From an OpEx perspective, the story is, it may sound a little bit redundant, but from a variable compensation model perspective, what we'll see is depending on the revenue flux, if the revenue comes down, we'll have a favorable impact, lower spend; if it goes up, we'll have more spend. But the kind of the narrative is consistent where we're going to prioritize our Semi Test, our engineering and our go-to-market. You saw the restructuring in robotics in Q1. You should see that decline year-over-year. And from an OpEx perspective and product test, it should be roughly flattish to the prior year.
Greg Smith: So if you don't mind, Sanjay, I'd like to add one sort of historical perspective to that, C.J. If you look into sort of past situations where we have had like a sharp downturn within a year, like so in -- from 2022 to 2023, we had -- in the middle of '23, we had a sharp slowdown in the mobile space that occurred midyear and our margins went from 59% in 2022 to 57% in 2023. So we're not calling a gross margin for the full year because we don't have a good picture of the full year. The thing I want to emphasize is that it's probably going to move in a pretty narrow range.
C. J. Muse: Very helpful context. And I guess as my follow-up, I was hoping you could speak to the SLT wins that you highlighted in your prepared remarks. So can you give us a little more color on what you're seeing with AI accelerators? And then also on the mobility side of 2-nanometer, is that just a win at your large existing customer or have you broadened your design wins in that arena? Thank you.
Greg Smith: Yes. So I'm glad you asked for clarification around the mobile SLT win. So in my script, it was two separate thoughts that we have won additional mobile sockets that are going to drive business in 2025 and into 2026. A separate thought is the transition to 2-nanometer is going to be a positive demand tailwind in 2026 as well. I didn't mean to imply that we won an SLT 2-nanometer socket. So I just want to make sure that we're really clear about that. On AI accelerators, this is a leading edge trend. What we're seeing is that AI accelerator devices when they're being incorporated into higher-level assemblies, those assemblies have higher than acceptable failure rate as they're being built into servers and it takes a significant amount of time to get the test coverage that you need for these devices. And many of the failures can only be found when they are running actual like training workloads. The most cost-effective way to be able to run those training workloads is to do it in a system level test environment. And so we've implemented that for a leading-edge AI accelerator. We've delivered that product. That product has been accepted and is being used in production right now. The trend that we believe is going to happen is that with next-generation accelerators that are even more complex that 100% SLT is going to be the most economic choice that these customers will make in order to achieve the quality levels that they need. So this is the tip of the spear when it comes to SLP of these devices. And the key thing that we have is a great solution around the thermal control and power required to do this. So it's an important strategic win that is going to deliver significant revenue in 2026.
C. J. Muse: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Please proceed.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Greg, you talked about -- I think you said the biggest robotics order ever, I think you talked about that in the script. June has historically been kind of all over the map. It's been -- I mean, if you said it's a normal seasonal, it's pretty flat, I guess, in June. So can you talk about that order? What was it for? What does it tell you about the business and when is it going to hit?
Greg Smith: Yes, sure. So as we've said in the script, it's for an automotive customer. And this has been historically large strategic customer for us for both UR and MiR for a while. This is the first -- it's the largest order for our AMRs that we've ever received. And it's the first time that we've received an order where we dealt with this customer in a combined way as a robotics unit versus a UR and MiR unit. So it demonstrated the ability to transition the sales force to selling all of our products to these strategic customers. The product is primarily used in -- so for the AMRs, they're primarily used in the material handling part of the factory. So essentially, they bring parts from storage to line side and then the other automation takes that and brings it into the product being assembled. The cobot arms are generally used to automate manual processes in existing factories. So when they build a factory, they will design in the core automation for the assembly line. There is a significant amount of manual operations that occur, especially as the product gets further through the process. And after the factory is commissioned, this customer will continually look for process improvements and collaborative robotics is one of the key technologies that they use for those kinds of improvements because they don't have to make sure that the product -- that the automation and the workers are separated. So it's an ongoing continuous improvement investment from this customer on the cobots side.
Timothy Arcuri: And when is it help the business? And then Sanjay, can you give us some TAM updates from what you provided during the Analyst Day? You had said 49 SSC, 14 memory [ph] and then you had all the breakdown within SSC. Is there any change to that that you would want to highlight?
Greg Smith: So Tim, I didn't quite catch the first part of your question around that?
Timothy Arcuri: Yes, Greg, I was just trying to understand like, I mean, like this is such a big order, when does it help the business? Does it ship in the back half of the year? Does it ship in June? When does it ship?
Greg Smith: No, so it's shipments are spread out through from Q1 into Q2. So it wouldn't extend into the second half of this this year. The lead times on the robotics products are generally pretty short.
Sanjay Mehta: And then maybe addressing your next request. As we've said in the prepared remarks, given the uncertainty, we're not providing an update on the TAM and the breakdown for the full year.
Operator: Our next question is from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Priyanka Thapa: Hi, this is Priyanka Thapa on for Samik Chatterjee. My question is on secondary impact for tariffs. Have you observed a shift among international customers towards non-U.S. competitors in the testing space? Or have you noticed that your competitive positioning has remained stable?
Greg Smith: Hi, Priyanka, in terms of competitive impact -- so especially the key thing in the test market is we have two major international suppliers, and then there are indigenous suppliers in China and Korea that also serve the market. What -- we have not seen any competitive impact customers that are deciding to buy from a different vendor because of the tariffs. And there are certainly -- it's a very competitive market, so we're in competing all the time. There tariffs has not been a deciding factor in any of those competitions.
Priyanka Thapa: All right. And one follow-up. Just to put on the gross margin impact. It was noticeably strong this - on product mix this quarter. What measures are necessary in the long term to achieve the sort of 60% gross margin or is the narrow range that you spoke of like somewhat below that?
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah. Hi. It's Sanjay. Thanks for the question. The strength as we noted in the prepared remarks, is really tied to product mix. And we - overall, when we make our investment decisions, we are looking to differentiate our solutions, and we have an overall business model of 59% to 60% and that's how we design our products in the markets we enter. I would say in the short run, when we talk about product mix, from a tester perspective, depending on what the needs are for a particular customer, it's really configuration dependent on what goes in there. But overall, in the first half, if you take a look at our guide, the first half, we're at 59%. We do believe over the mid and long term that we'll continue to operate our business at 59% to 60%.
Priyanka Thapa: All right. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Chin with Stifel. Please proceed.
Brian Chin: Good morning. Thanks for letting us ask a few questions. Maybe one for you, Greg. When you size the VIP TAM at around $600 million in '26 and potentially $800 million in 2028, were you including SLT? Can you give us a sense, even if you don't want to necessarily reaffirm those targets at the moment, like how material to those TAM figures could SLT be?
Greg Smith: Yeah. So the numbers that we cited for the VIP TAM are around semiconductor ATE and it doesn't include SLT revenue. If there is a - if the trends that I'm talking about plays out, then I don't think we've provided a formal estimate of that TAM. It would not - it's not like going to be as big. But probably in the 10% to 30% of the total TAM would be the SLT TAM for that. We can -- we'll be updating that over time, and we'll let you know probably in January of next year when we start talking about the long term. But you should look at it as impactful but not huge, not like this.
Brian Chin: Okay. Thanks. And then I guess kind of broadly, are you anticipating more meaningful advanced back-end test and packaging lines to be onshored here in the states? And what time frame seems realistic? And should this coincide with the next expansion of advanced logic wafer fab capacity in the U.S.?
Greg Smith: Yeah. So the thing that we have usually said and we still believe is that customers buy testers that - for the parts that they need to test. And where those parts are produced, whether it's in Taiwan or in China or in the U.S. doesn't affect the end market demand for those chips. So our ship to locations may change in the future if there's more on-site manufacturing in the U.S., but the total demand is unlikely to change in any meaningful way. There may be some additional inefficiency if yields are lower at first or if utilization is lower. But I think the onshoring of manufacturing is probably a bigger factor for front-end equipment where you need to make a large front-end investment, whether or not you have the demand for the product. For things like testers, you're only going to buy testers essentially at the point in time when you know that you have the wafer volume that's going to require the test capacity.
Brian Chin: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Shane Brett with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Shane Brett: Thank you for taking my question. So firstly, on Memory, you spoke about DRAM dominating the memory mix in 2025, just as it did in 2024, which would imply NAND remains at very low levels. What do you think is needed from customer utilization or technology transitions to see test orders again? Thank you.
Greg Smith: So there are two factors that will drive a larger NAND demand. The first is really mobile phone unit volume. So if mobile phone unit volume inflects significantly, then we would see an increase in the demand. Also if the rise of AI-enabled smartphones requires a lot more local storage for model parameters, that would increase the amount of NAND per phone. So those are sort of the volume drivers for the market. The other important driver is interface standards. And this is true both in the mobile space and also in the compute space. In the mobile space, there are new protocols in both the iOS ecosystem and the Android ecosystem that require investment in new tester capacity to be able to verify those devices. So as new phones adopt new standards, that does drive TAM in the mobile space. The last factor around the NAND market is as the NAND capacity continues to increase and the need for nearline storage for AI increases, there's a potential for very high demand in the cloud compute space for storage. And that's something that we think would be a positive factor for demand for ATE and we also think that that's an interesting market for us for our IST Group.
Shane Brett: Got it. Thank you. And as for my follow-up, you previously mentioned that most of the VIP demand in '24 came from upgrades and if they were system sales, revenue would have doubled. Do you have a gauge on what the utilization are for your testers and at what point would customers have to purchase new testers rather than resorting to upgrade?
Greg Smith: So we don't have an accurate enough measure of utilization that we can share sort of specific numbers. The trend is definitely upward. And we have already seen an increase in system orders associated with AI accelerators. So we -- in the early parts of 2024, it was really quite dominated by the upgrade sales. As we got into the latter half of 2024, we began to see significant system orders in addition to those upgrade orders. And also the mobile business that we've transacted over Q4 and Q1 is consuming additional capacity. It's mobile of one type to mobile of another type, but it is definitely consuming idle testers. So the best I can do is give you a qualitative answer that we believe that the number of upgradable systems is much, much lower now than it was, say, 6 months ago.
Shane Brett: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from David Duley with Steelhead Securities. Please proceed.
David Duley: Yes. Thank you for taking my question. I guess I had one clarification. As far as the HBM stack die test, just to clarify, I guess you now have all three of the HBM dyes for stack die test. Is that how we interpret this win?
Greg Smith: No, we have -- that is not a correct assumption.
David Duley: Okay. And then as far as the -- at the Analyst Day, you demonstrated a robot that was loading and unloading FOUPs and I was kind of wondering and I think you mentioned that that was in production or in demonstration of one customer. Just help us understand the timing of when you expect to start to see revenue from that product and how big a market do you think that can be?
Greg Smith: So we already have -- we had revenue in Q1 in association with the semiconductor vertical for our robotics business. And so that -- those are -- and we also have semiconductor workflows similar to what we demonstrated at our Analyst Day in production at multiple sites for a different semiconductor customer. In terms of the revenue impact in 2025, it's kind of single-digit millions of dollars and we expect it to grow over time. But it also is a key element of like an enterprise level value proposition to these customers that we are already in their production facilities to provide support for our test equipment, we understand their workflows quite well. And by being able to offer them the robotics that they need to automate some of these processes. We're able to do that quite efficiently and we're also a trusted partner. So we think that this is an important way for us to demonstrate that we are the right test and robotics partner to these customers.
David Duley: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Vivek Arya, Bank of America. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Thank you for taking our question. This is [indiscernible] on behalf of Vivek. One on compute. I know you said you're not seeing a lot of push outs with this end market and I know you won't guide the second half, but should we then expect this business to generally remain on track with your expectations from the Investor Day, just given you're not seeing any push outs? Thank you.
Greg Smith: Yes. So we haven't seen significant push outs in terms of affecting our Q1 and Q2 results. There is uncertainty around the second half of the year. And I'd like to emphasize that it is uncertainty. There are potential upside factors and there are potential downside factors and that's one of the reasons that we are not trying to guide the full year is that we -- we're not trying to suddenly communicate a downward message or anything. We're just hearing a lot of uncertainty from our customers about the timing of projects and the need for capacity. But yes, the view from the Analyst Day to now is essentially the same.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And then one on robotics. Obviously, the sales side is a bit uncertain, but you've previously been assuming that this segment will outgrow your industrial peers by a significant margin. So is this still what you're expecting, that would be helpful? Thank you.
Greg Smith: Yes. So we are -- the way that we are typically thinking about our robotics business is that we would want to significantly outgrow traditional industrial automation peers in this space, mainly because we're addressing an underpenetrated market, the advanced robotics segment and especially the segment of robotics where people are trying to automate processes that needs to be in the presence of people or interoperating with people. So that's a different market, and we believe a market that is going to be accelerated by AI. We have not seen anything that changes our opinion that that's possible. But we definitely are struggling with an end market that's quite sluggish. And if people don't have money for projects, then it's difficult for you to achieve sort of an absolute level of growth in the business. So that's the key reason that we undertook restructuring that we did to try and bring down our breakeven. So our breakeven was at $440 million in 2024, our breakeven for this year is down at $365 million. And that was really a reaction to understanding that we don't have control over those end market conditions, and we needed to set ourselves up so that we could maintain our critical investments and still be more careful in terms of the investments that we are making around the go-to-market and achieve the synergies that we could between these 2 groups.
Unidentified Analyst: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: With no further questions in the queue, this will conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2024 Teradyne, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Traci Tsuchiguchi, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you, Traci. You may begin.
Traci Tsuchiguchi: Thank you, operator. Good morning everyone and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our CEO, Greg Smith; our CFO, Sanjay Mehta. Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for the fourth quarter and full year of 2024 and our outlook for the first quarter of 2025. The press release containing our fourth quarter results was issued last evening. We are providing slides as well as a copy of this earnings script on the Investor page of the Teradyne website that may be helpful in following the discussion. Replays of this call will be available via the same page after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risks that could cause Teradyne's results to materially differ from management's current expectations. We caution listeners not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement included in this presentation. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the slides accompanying this presentation as well as the risk factors described in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 on file with the SEC. Additionally, these forward-looking statements are made only as of today. During today's call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. We have posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures were available on the Investor page of our website. We hope that you plan to join us for our financial analyst meeting which will be webcast beginning at 1:00 p.m. Eastern Time on March 11, 2025. Following Greg and Sanjay's comments this morning, we'll open up the call for questions. This call is scheduled for 1 hour. Greg?
Greg Smith: Thanks, Traci and thank you all for joining us today. I'll start off by summarizing our fourth quarter and full year 2024 results and provide some context for our initial view of 2025. Then I'll provide context around our updated midterm earnings model. I'll describe the trends we expect to drive the markets and Teradyne's strategy to drive highly leveraged earnings growth through the midterm. Sanjay will then go into greater detail on all of these topics. Our fourth quarter came at the high end of our guidance range as trends we noted previously continued through the end of the year. Cloud AI has been the dominant driver of our Semiconductor Test business and we have seen some short-term improvement in the Mobile space, driven by supply chain shifts in our customer base. In Industrial and Automotive, our fourth quarter benefited from customer-specific equipment purchases. Strength in our Test business more than offset the continuing weakness in the Industrial Automation market which impacted our Robotics business. In 2024, after 2 years of Semiconductor Test market declines, our SOC and memory test revenue grew 17% year-over-year, excluding DIS. AI was the dominant driver of our growth, specifically AI accelerator ASICs, networking and HBM, DRAM. We have previously described a class of customers called VIPs or vertically-integrated producers. We use this term because these customers develop custom silicon to provide differentiation in their end products, whether they are phones, cars or Cloud AI computing. In the first half of 2024, we saw VIP strength for Edge AI in Automotive. In the second half, strength was driven by Cloud AI compute VIP customers. Our goal in 2024 was to achieve 50% market share in computing VIPs and we believe that we achieved that goal. This is particularly notable because much of the VIP test demand in 2024 came in the form of upgrades to systems left underutilized by the weak mobile market. If this demand had come in the form of system sales, our 2024 VIP revenue would have been more than double what we recognized in the year. At the company level, we grew 5% in 2024. If one excludes the divestiture of the DIS business our total revenue growth was 8%. We grew earnings per share by 10% year-over-year and generated over $470 million in free cash flow. Our full year financial results reflect an inflection in our business, both in terms of Semiconductor Test cyclical recovery but more importantly, a successful pivot to diversify our customer base and reduce customer concentration. In the 2020 and 2021 timeframe, our business was dominated by Mobile with high customer concentration in that market. Back then we were highly exposed to Mobile in SOC, Memory and Wireless Test. Now in 2024, the Compute end market was a larger component of our revenue than Mobile as our SOC business in the Compute market grew more than 3.5x the prior year. We have been investing to capitalize on the secular shift towards VIP ASICs and that yielded roughly 50% share in what we believe was around a $300 million TAM in 2024. We have seen growth driven by our historical strength in the networking space. And we see opportunities in System Level Test for AI Compute. The pivot we have executed in SOC over the past couple of years is remarkable. In 2023, 11% of our SOC product revenue was in Computing and 51% was in Auto and Industrial. In 2024, 34% was in Compute and 34% was in Auto and Industrial, a balance that underpins our longer-term model. Recent advancements in AI inference which appear to reduce the cost and time to develop AI applications, may be a catalyst to accelerate Edge AI development. We think this could directly benefit the markets where we have historical strength, Mobile and Automotive. It’s early days but we believe that the lower cost, lower power and faster time-to-market AI solutions can drive complexity growth and increased unit demand at the Edge which are key inputs of improving demand for test equipment. Looking forward to 2025, we expect the SOC TAM to continue to grow, roughly 7% year over year. While some of this growth is driven by AI Compute, we expect a modest recovery in Mobile, Automotive and Industrial in the back half of the year. We believe that we are positioned to gain share in the low single digits in SOC test. Now shifting gears to memory. In 2024, our Memory business grew over -- grew to over $500 million, up 30% year-over-year. Strength in the market and our growth was fueled by AI Compute demand for HBM, DRAM. In the second half of 2024, we were qualified for HBM performance test at a major memory supplier. Our higher throughput and forward compatibility created competitive differentiation, enabling us to capture significant share of the HBM performance test market in the second half of 2024. We expect the HBM device end market to be strong through 2025. However from a test equipment perspective, we are expecting the market to soften as customers absorb capacity with higher productivity tools. We expect the HBM TAM to recover in 2026. As a result, we expect the entire Memory test market to be flattish in 2025 although we do expect to gain share in the low single-digit range. Beyond AI Compute, we believe that there are other segments in the semiconductor test market that offer the opportunity for accelerating long-term growth. One of these areas is power semiconductors. These devices will continue to grow long term with the crossover to EVs and the demand for more efficient power generation, storage and distribution. We are announcing a strategic partnership with Infineon, the market leader in power semiconductors to acquire their internal tester development team in Regensburg, Germany. This group will enable us to accelerate our road map in power semiconductor space specifically in areas like silicon carbide and gallium nitride at the scale needed to serve the automotive and renewables market. While the Semi Test business was strong in 2024, Teradyne's other product test businesses which include our System Test and Wireless Test operating segments continued to be impacted by weak end market conditions. Within our product test businesses, we saw some programs push out from 2024 into 2025 but scored key program wins that we expect to drive healthy growth in 2025. We expect our Wireless Test business to return to growth in 2025 after securing 74 out of 80 tracked WiFI 7 design win opportunities in 2024. Turning to Robotics. The industrial automation market continued to be weak in Q4. We typically see strong fourth quarter seasonality as customers place quick turn orders in the back half of the quarter. Visibility is inherently low in this high turn’s business. In Q4 of 2024, this seasonality was far more muted than in prior years and we ended the year down slightly for UR and roughly flat for MiR. This underperformed our expectations but outperformed our industrial automation peer group. Despite the headwinds, there were highlights for Robotics. The UR channel transformation continues to progress with the OEM channel delivering 20% growth and the MiR large accounts also delivering 24% growth year-over-year in 2024. In the fourth quarter, as part of our multifaceted partnership with NVIDIA, UR launched its AI accelerator. Late in the fourth quarter, MiR's new flagship product, the AI-enabled MiR 1200 Pallet Jack began shipping to customers. And most recently, Teradyne Robotics announced a strategic partnership with Analog Devices to develop and deploy robots, AI and software to support ADI's automation initiative. In 2024, a we combined UR and MiR operations into a unified robotics operations group. Now in Q1 of 2025, we are consolidating our go-to-market functions at the robotics level to enable our best partners to sell the full UR and MiR product line and to serve our customers better with a single customer service organization. This restructuring increases our efficiency and reduces our Robotics breakeven revenue from $440 million in 2024 to $365 million in 2025. Looking ahead to the next 4 years, we are very optimistic. A year ago, there were questions as to whether VIPs would matter. And if they did, could we win their business. At that time, we thought the Compute VIP market would be $100 million to $200 million opportunity in 2024, growing to $400 million to $600 million in the 2026 time frame. Our latest estimate is that the Compute VIP market was $300 million in 2024 and the Compute VIP market will be centered around $600 million in 2026 and could approach $800 million in 2028. We believe that Cloud AI will continue to drive share gains for us in SOC and Memory. By the later years of this midterm as AI moves to the Edge for mobile, enabled by process technology like 2-nanometer and gate-all-around, we expect robust growth of the mobile TAM. With the remarkable complexity of AI computing systems and the need for highly reliable performance in the training and use of AI models, we expect growing demand for additional test steps. The addition of system-level test insertions for AI Compute both in the Cloud and at the Edge creates an additional growth vector for Teradyne. This was a primary consideration in our decision to align the integrated System Test unit within Semi Test. Going forward, we believe that AI will have an outsized impact on the longer-term growth of Edge devices, specifically in Mobile and Automotive applications. Also the trends towards electrification, whether pure EV or hybrid, provide considerable growth potential with increasing silicon content per vehicle. Our investments in this space, including our strategic partnership with Infineon will help us drive share gains in this highly complex test intensive segment of the market. Based on these long-term trends, we expect to see healthy TAM growth in the Automotive and Mobile segments of the market over the midterm. Our strong market position in these segments will help fuel our revenue growth. These positive trends underpin our 2028 earnings model. At the midpoint of our model, we expect to grow from $2.8 billion of revenue in 2024 to $5 billion in 2028. We expect EPS to grow from $3.22 per share to $8.25 per share over the same period, implying a 12% to 18% revenue CAGR and a 21% to 31% EPS CAGR over that period, demonstrating considerable operating leverage in our business model. To sum up, 2024 was a very good year. We have repositioned the company and are seeing the success from our investments in AI, in Compute and in Memory. We expect that 2025 will be another good year. We are setting our Robotics business up on a sustainable path for long-term growth and our Test business will grow, driven by continued strength in share gains in VIPs, tightening capacity utilization and the return of higher demand in Mobile, Industrial and Automotive. With that, I'll turn the call over to Sanjay. Sanjay?
Sanjay Mehta: Thank you, Greg. Good morning, everyone. Today, I'll cover our Q4 and full year 2024 financial summary, provide our Q1 outlook, some planning guidance for the full year 2025 and discuss our updated earnings model and capital allocation plan. Now to Q4. Fourth quarter sales were $753 million, with non-GAAP EPS of $0.95, both at the high end of our guidance range. Semi Test revenue which now includes our Integrated System Test business, or IST, comprised of product lines for System Level Test and HDD test was $561 million. Within Semi Test, SOC revenue was $429 million with memory shipments of $112 million and IST shipments, $19 million. The other product test businesses comprised of Defense and Aerospace, Production Board Test and Wireless Test contributed $94 million. Robotics revenue was $98 million, was up 11% sequentially with muted seasonality due to ongoing weak industrial spending. As Greg noted, we had softer-than-expected performance in the Robotics business tied to typical turns business that did not materialize. Non-GAAP gross margin was 59.4%, just below our guidance range due to Robotics. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $284 million in Q4, higher than our guide. A majority of the increase was tied to accelerated engineering spend in Semi Test. Non-GAAP operating profit rate was 22%. Some other financial facts. The tax rate, excluding discrete items for the quarter was 7.6% on a non-GAAP basis and lower than planned because of product mix shift to Semi Test. GAAP tax rate was 8.7% in Q4, excluding discrete items. We repurchased $144 million of shares in the quarter as we opportunistically accelerated our share buybacks. Dividends were $19 million and we had one 10% customer in the quarter. Turning to the full year results. Our revenue was $2.82 billion. Samsung was the only customer greater than 10% of our revenue for the year. Gross margin for the year was 58.6%. OpEx was $1.08 billion and operating profit was 20.4%. Non-GAAP EPS was $3.22. We generated $474 million in free cash flow in 2024. We returned $275 million or 58% of free cash flow to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. We ended the year with $724 million of cash and marketable securities. Our tax rate for the full year, excluding discrete items, was 12.6% on a non-GAAP basis and 12.5% on a GAAP basis. Business unit revenues for 2024 were as follows: Semi Test revenue for the year, including IST, was $2.124 billion with SOC revenue contributing $1.537 billion, memory, $502 million and IST, $85 million. Excluding the impact of our DIS divestiture, our SOC and Memory revenue was 17% year-over-year. SOC growth in the year was driven by AI Compute, specifically custom ASICs for VIPs and networking. Our Memory sales were up 30% year-over-year, driven primarily by AI Compute demand for HBM, DRAM. IST revenue declined 39% year-over-year, primarily due to underutilized test capacity in HDD. Turning to our other product test businesses. The System Test group which is combined Defense and Aerospace and Production Board Test had revenue of $201 million in 2024, flattish in 2023. Wireless Test revenue was $130 million, down from 2023 due to slower ramp of WiFI 7. The combined revenue of the 2 operating segments in 2024 was $331 million, down 4% year-over-year. Now to Robotics. Robotics revenue in 2024 was $365 million, with UR contributing $293 million and MiR, $72 million. Considerably lower than expected volumes in the fourth quarter drove profitability well below our expectations, the group had 13% non-GAAP operating loss in both Q4 and the full year. As Greg mentioned, we are restructuring the Robotics business to create a single point of contact for customers and partners across UR and MiR sales, marketing and service organizations to improve customer experience. The result of these actions will help drive top line growth in 2025 and improve our efficiency. These actions will enable our Robotics business to continue to outperform peers in the industrial automation market. Now to our outlook for Q1. Since our October call, our Semi Test outlook has remained strong. However, Robotics forecast remains seasonably soft. Q1 sales are expected to be between $660 million and $700 million with non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.58 to $0.68 on 163 million diluted shares. The first quarter guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles and restructuring charges. First quarter gross margins are expected to be in the range of 58.5% to 59.5%. OpEx is expected to be roughly flat with Q4 and run at approximately 41.5% to 42.5% of first quarter sales. The non-GAAP operating profit rate at the midpoint of our first quarter guidance is 17%. As Greg noted, we believe the Semiconductor SOC Test TAM will see healthy growth in 2025, driven by a second half broad-based recovery. We expect the SOC TAM to be between $4.7 billion and $5.1 billion or $4.9 billion at the midpoint. For a more detailed view of our end market expectations for SOC, please refer to the table in our earnings deck. We are forecasting the Memory TAM to be between $1.3 billion and $1.5 billion. Recall that within this, HBM has grown from around $100 million in 2023 to over $500 million in 2024. Our Memory TAM forecast for 2025 is roughly flat year-over-year with the HBM tester market going through a period of digestion. In both the SOC and Memory Semi Test markets, we expect to gain low-digit share in 2025. In Robotics, we are currently operating in a difficult low visibility industrial spending environment. The business is still driven by turns. When we look at our plans for 2025 we see SAM expansion and channel growth initiatives expected to yield approximately 10% revenue growth in current market conditions. Of course, there is a wide range around this growth expectation. Few points to assist you in the modeling 2025 for the enterprise. In Q2, we expect 5% to 10% sequential growth from Q1's midpoint. We expect first half revenue to be approximately 43% to 44% of full year revenue. Now to gross margins. We expect full year gross margins to be 59% to 60%. We expect second half gross margins to slightly improve from current levels tied to higher revenue expected in the second half of the year. Regarding OpEx for the full year. We expect full year 2025 OpEx to increase 8% to 10% year-over-year which is a reduction from our low teens view in October. The key changes were restructuring to capture synergies between UR and MiR and Robotics and the acceleration of Semi Test projects in Q4. Interest and other line is forecasted at $1 million of income per quarter. While we have cash driving the yield, we also have items like FX gains and losses included in this line in our P&L. Our GAAP tax rate is forecasted to be 15.25% and 15% non-GAAP in 2025, excluding discrete items. Turning to capital allocation. Our strategy remains consistent as we take a balanced approach to maintain cash reserves that enable us to run the business and have dry powder for M&A. For reference, from 2015 to 2024, we've returned over $4.6 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends which is 93% of free cash flow. 2025, we plan on executing up to $400 million of share buybacks along with our current level of dividends. Moving to our midterm earnings model. As we do each January, we've updated our model. We share this model with investors to provide insight into how we look at the markets we serve, our competitive positioning and ultimately, the growth and earnings power of the company. A few points for context. We're rolling forward our midterm model to 2028 which replaces our prior 2026 midterm model. That said, we believe we are tracking with our prior 2026 model in terms of ranges of revenue and earnings. Over the midterm, we expect test revenue to grow at a 12% to 17% CAGR off of our 2024 results driven by continued strength in AI Compute, related demand and recovery with long-term growth in broader end markets, including Auto, Industrial and Mobile. Our Mobile assumption is for recovery but we're not assuming a return to the prior peak 2021. In Robotics, we're expecting the Industrial markets to begin to recover with AI expanding the SAM and persistent labor shortages. We expect these dynamics to drive a top line of 18% to 24% CAGR off of 2024 with modest growth in 2025 which we expect to accelerate over the midterm. Going forward, the Robotics operating model will deliver increasing operating leverage through the midterm, ending towards the high end of our target 5% to 15% operating profit range for this business. Our updated midterm model is expected to drive 2028 revenue to $4.5 billion to $5.5 billion and non-GAAP EPS between $7 and $9.50. As Greg mentioned, this implies a 15% CAGR from 2024 to 2028 and a 27% EPS CAGR at the midpoint, demonstrating the operating leverage of our Test and Robotics businesses. Gross margin is expected to be between 59% and 60%. OpEx as a percentage of sales between 28% to 31%, yielding a non-GAAP operating margin of 28% to 32%. Summing up 2024 was a good year overall, driven by strength in Semi Test. Excluding the DIS divestiture, our overall company revenues grew 8% year-over-year and our SOC and Memory combined grew 17% year-over-year, helping to achieve a 10% increase in our EPS to $3.22. We are making strategic investments to drive competitive advantage in the Semi Test business and we are leveraging logical synergies between UR and MiR, to drive long-term sustainable growth in Robotics. We enter 2025 feeling good about the year and our line of sight to our midterm model. With that, I'll turn the call back to the operator for questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from C.J. Muse with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Christopher Muse: I guess first question, I was hoping you could spend a little bit of time expanding on your outlook for low single-digit share growth in Semi Test. Can you kind of walk through the moving parts in terms of what's driving that? And then considering that you're expecting a bit of a recovery in your non-compute businesses in the second half, can you speak to what we could see potentially in terms of upside to that low single-digit number if that were to come in incrementally better?
Greg Smith: C.J., this is Greg. Yes, so there's a number of things that are driving our outlook for low single-digit growth in share. In the SOC space, we think that we're going to continue to make progress with the Compute VIPs, maintain that 50% share that we got this year as that TAM continues to grow. And we're expecting to see some incremental improvement in the Mobile space, driven primarily by -- there's been sort of steady increases in complexity that has been filling up the big pool of underutilized testers. And so we would expect that, that sort of continuing march of complexity will actually turn into incremental growth in the TAM in that space in this year. And then when it comes to Auto and Industrial, right now, we think that there's a short-term slowdown in that space. But the increase of automotive content -- the increase of semiconductor content in automotive is kind of proceeding with each model year. So even at similar or depressed end unit sales that we expect that to be modest growth in the automotive space. The other thing that I'll say is that the electronics content in hybrids is nearly as high as the electronic content in pure EVs and the trend in the market towards more hybrid vehicles is something that is certainly impacting the plans for pure EVs but it's impacting the auto semiconductors a little bit less. Now the last is in industrial. In industrial, one of the things that is actually helping to drive the market there is an indirect pass-through from the AI Compute space. The AI Compute is incredibly power hungry. And it needs really, really good power for all of these GPU-fueled servers. And that has been a driver for some of our power and electronics customers to -- with things like point-of-load converters, that's actually helping to sustain that market even when the traditional industrial market is not quite as strong. Now if you move over to Memory, the gradual recovery in Mobile is going to help in parts of the market. So incrementally, year-on-year, that part of the market is going to be a little bit stronger, the HBM part of the market is going to be a little bit weaker because of that digestion factor. But the appetite for DRAM in AI servers is incredible. And that's driving both LPDDR and DDR memories. So we're expecting the non-HBM part of the DRAM market to sustain a little bit better than the HBM part. So if you look at that whole thing and you look at the share gains or the new test insertions that we've won in HBM in 2024, plus our strong position in final test for DRAM, especially LPDDR DRAM and flash, we're expecting that to accrue to low single digits in memory as well.
Christopher Muse: Very helpful. And then, I guess, as a follow-up question, on the Robotics side, you're restructuring that business once again. Obviously, I think you had multiple kind of paths that you could pursue on that front? And I guess, what gives you the confidence that this is the right path? And what kind of time frame are you giving yourself for proof points of success given the struggles that Teradyne has had within this business for many years?
Greg Smith: Yes. So I think one of the things that we're trying to do is to tease apart what part of this is Teradyne's struggles and what parts of this are market struggles. So if you look at the performance of our Robotics unit, it certainly is coming in under what our expectations were but it is outperforming the companies that we compare ourselves in the industrial automation space. So we actually think we've made some significant progress in a very, very weak market. Having said that, there's definitely areas that we thought that we could make changes that would help improve. One of the big things that was a positive in 2024 was the pace of new product introductions. And we think that the R&D groups associated with UR and MiR, are really clicking. And the releases that we have that are adding AI content to our product or enabling our partners to do AI-based robotics are very important positives. The positive that we've seen in terms of building an OEM channel for UR is something that we think is a positive and we need to preserve. And we've also made significant progress in terms of building large account competency in the MiR organization. So if you look at the restructuring that we're doing, we're really -- we are not -- we're making very modest changes in the product creation part of the business. We had already made the changes that we wanted to make in the operations part of our business. And so now we're focusing on the commercial side of the business. And there, we're trying to really do 2 things. The first is we want to help our partners be more successful. And the way we can help our partners be more successful is by giving them a broader product range that they can sell. And that, we think, is going to really help out. It also drives natural efficiencies. 50 of our largest partners between UR and MiR, actually sell both UR and MiR already. And so we're going to be able to get a natural improvement in efficiency by covering those partners in a single way. Also, as we approach this large account success that we're seeing with MiR, we definitely see that service is a very important component of success. And so by having a single service organization, we believe that's going to allow us to expand the success that we've had with large accounts and MiR to the UR product line as well. So the main thing we're trying to do with this restructuring is to sell more robots. The next most important thing that we're trying to do is to set up our breakeven so that we have the ability to overperform, that we have the ability to deliver better operating margin against what is a growth rate that is always going to be impacted by the end market conditions. Does that help?
Operator: Our next question is from Mehdi Hosseini with SFG.
Mehdi Hosseini: Two from my end, is focusing on semi. I want to better understand this partnership with Infineon. It's interesting that you're doing this at the bottom of the power semi. I'm not sure if silicon carbide could get any worse. But what's in it for Infineon? And how should I think about partnership benefits to Teradyne and benefits to Infineon? And I do have another follow-up.
Greg Smith: Sure. So yes, it is definitely adverse times in the discrete semiconductor market, especially in like wide band silicon carbide, gallium nitride. The way we look at that is this is sort of a classic hype cycle situation where people saw the promise of these technologies in terms of delivering higher efficiency power conversion for both cars and for alternative energy applications. And there was -- I think people got ahead of themselves in terms of how quickly the crossover would happen between internal combustion and EVs. So definitely, there was a lot of enthusiasm around this market and we think that, that enthusiasm has waned. So actually, we kind of think this is a good time for us to make this kind of a move. The advantage for Teradyne here is as we look to this long-term path from here to 2028, we think that the discrete semiconductor market is going to -- the test market is going to be increasing in a pretty healthy way. We also believe that all of the other semiconductor content associated with that battery management systems, other conversion products, isolation products is also going to increase. So the advantage for Teradyne by making this partnership with Infineon is that we're going to be able to accelerate our road map to be able to cover these new types of devices and the higher powers that they're going to be trying to address. The advantage to Infineon is, inside of this group they had a number of technologies and a number of specialty test equipment that they were using to support Infineon's market-leading business. By moving those capabilities into a commercial ATE company like Teradyne, now those products are addressing the entire market rather than just the Infineon market. So that group has a broader horizon than before. Teradyne has an opportunity to accelerate our road map and Infineon gets to focus on designing and building chips which is kind of the point of their company.
Mehdi Hosseini: Should I assume there's a payment here? Are you actually acquiring this asset for a purchase price?
Greg Smith: Yes.
Mehdi Hosseini: Have you disclosed how much it is?
Greg Smith: No, we're not disclosing the purchase price. It's not at a material level for disclosure.
Mehdi Hosseini: Got it. And very quickly, switching to Industrial Automation. If I just look at what you have guided for Q2 and extrapolate the year-end and look at the margin and OpEx, you're better off with less contribution from Industrial Automation and the numbers speak for themselves. So my question to you is, what's the plan B? We have -- you have spent several years reorganizing, enhancing the channel partners. But to me, it seems like you may have to end up partnering with a system integrator or there needs to be more. And again, the question to the management team is, is there a plan B? How much more investment would you be willing to make before saying, okay, maybe you have to part away with Industrial Automation?
Greg Smith: Yes. So we're nowhere near the point where we would be making a part ways kind of a decision. But I want to address sort of the first point in your question that we are definitely not better off with less Industrial Automation. We are better off with more Industrial Automation and that has a lot to do with the leverage that's built into the business model for Industrial Automation. So we've reset our breakeven to this $365 million level in 2024. But that we are -- given current market conditions, we believe that we'll be delivering 10% growth above that level and we would be delivering positive operating margin from that group. For certain, it's dilutive to the percentage earnings across the whole company but it is accretive to earnings and we believe that this is something that's going to be an important growth vector for us over the long term. So we definitely saw an opportunity to improve customer experience and save money and set us up to be able to put our investments into the things that are driving the highest growth. But we're not really at a plan B stage yet.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Barger with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jacob Moore: This is Jacob Moore on for Steve. First one for me is on 2-nanometer gate-all-around. What does your outlook for the timing of that ramp look like over the year? Has that changed at all? And are there any notable differences you'd call out in testers for the new transistor architecture versus current generations?
Greg Smith: This is Greg. I'll take that one. So right now, we are looking at the leading edge of devices that utilize 2-nanometer occurring in the -- like very, very late in 2025, just in early production in late 2025. The bulk of that is going to be in 2026. And at least in terms of our line of sight, we see both Compute and mobile devices that are going to be taking advantage of that note. In terms of the differences for that, the primary difference is that these devices have significantly more complexity. And with that higher complexity, it is actually -- these devices are higher -- are requiring higher peak power from the tester and they're requiring much, much more tester memory. And so the impact of that is there's some -- there's a degree of technical obsolescence that is going to be creating opportunities in the ATE space and also in the System Level Test space for us. So we're -- we think that this discontinuity in device power is going to be helpful. It's not going to be like a cataclysmic increase in demand because of the transition to 2-nanometer but we do think that it's an accelerant.
Jacob Moore: Got it. That's helpful. Second one for me is on end markets. I think AI and Compute are clearly strong drivers but PC, notebook and mobile are still big volume base. And I know -- I think you said a gradual improvement over the year but can you help us frame up how you're thinking about total growth in those segments for the year? And has there been a more meaningful shift in tester conversion to HPC from mobile that could affect that dynamic?
Greg Smith: Okay. So first off, we think that the second half recovery is going to be pretty balanced. And in the Compute space, I would expect that the primary driver is going to continue to be AI Cloud-related demand and that's accelerators, CPUs and networking for that part of the market. There's probably going to be a nudge upward in terms of client compute. I would expect that our primary benefit from that increase would actually be in our Wireless business unit in the LitePoint group. When you think about mobile, the primary thing is that there -- it depends on which analyst you're looking at but generally, people are a little bit optimistic in terms of units and there's definitely a march towards greater complexity in the phones. And then I already spoke about Industrial and Automotive, where it's more increasing semiconductor content by model year. And we think that there's an inventory digestion in a weak spot that we're in now but we'll be returning to sort of more normal dynamics by the end of the year.
Operator: Our next question is from Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: I had two. So Greg, I wanted to ask about your VIP test TAM forecast. I think you said $600 million in '26 and going to maybe $800 million in '28? So my question on that is, if I listen to what Marvell and Broadcom are basically saying about the custom ASIC TAM, one is saying it's going to be $40 billion in 2027. The other is saying it's going to be $140 billion in 2027, 2028. So if I average those two, I can pretty easily get to $80 billion plus in that time frame. So these numbers would imply that the test intensity is like less than 1% for that stuff. And this stuff all has tons of transistors and it seems like that's a pretty conservative forecast. So I'm wondering what your custom ASIC end market revenue number is that would underpin this because it seems like your test intensity number is very low based upon what the end customers are talking about relative to the size of the market.
Greg Smith: Yes. I am -- our model is built more bottoms-up based on like unit quantities, device complexity. The one thing that is definitely not factored into our model is any variability in the margin that a Marvell or a Broadcom may be getting on the devices that they're producing. And so that's one area where we have a disconnect in our forecast versus theirs. But to sort of answer your question directly, we would definitely be more aligned with the low end of that sort of $40 billion to $140 billion outlook for 2027 than the high end. And that's mainly because we're working off of sort of line of sight of what we can -- what we've discerned from these more the actual hyperscalers versus the -- what we are hearing from the chip folks in the middle.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay. Yes, it seems low. But okay. So then on IA. So PBT has been negative for the past 6 years. Cumulatively, it's -- you lost $150 million. And usually, when companies lose money like this, the markets are growing very fast and we're chasing growth. So can you just talk like, is the plan here to cut costs and try to maximize profitability? Or do you really see something bigger coming that you still want to do this? And I kind of ask this in like the context of do you need outside investment to really scale this business? Or is it not a dollar investment thing? It's more just that the market hasn't grown what you thought it would. And I guess the question there is what's going to change to actually make this market grow?
Greg Smith: Yes. So I think the X factor here is an extremely long down cycle in Industrial Automation investment. Really from starting in 2022 all the way to now, it's been -- PMIs have been consistently weak. And we've been caught in that. While we've outperformed our peers, it hasn't delivered the growth that it's supposed to. So one of the things that we -- like our view that may be a little bit idiosyncratic from the other advanced robotics players is that we do believe that growth in this market is going to be a marathon, not a sprint. That we are hoping to align our OpEx so that we're able to generate positive operating margin even under weak business conditions and then incrementally increase that operating margin by making sure that we have leverage between any top line growth and limit the OpEx increase and improve our gross margin as we go along. So we think that there is significant growth potential in this space that is being masked by the end market macro headwind. We don't have visibility into when those headwinds are going to come to an end. So we definitely were focused on trying to maximize our efficiency during this period to make sure that we are setting ourselves up so that there isn't incremental negative impact on earnings from our robotics business even under weak business conditions. So that's the primary thing. I think I'd like to pass it over to Sanjay for a couple of comments on this as well.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. Just really quick, Tim. Just for a point of reference, since 2019 to 2022 at an operating profit level, we were profitable. I'm not sure where you're kind of $150 million. In the last 2 years, it's true. We have lost money. But cumulatively, since 2019 to 2024, we'll have lost an operating profit level of about $23 million, just for context.
Operator: Our next question is from Krish Sankar with Cowen.
Krish Sankar: I had two of them. First one, Sanjay or Greg, if I look at your color on calendar '25, it looks like your revenues in '25 are going to grow about 15% from 2024 levels. A, is that right? And along the same path, a couple of months ago, you seem a little more confident on maybe high teens growth for the year versus mid-teens right now. So what kind of changed on Teradyne's outlook for 2025? And then I have a follow-up.
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. It's Sanjay here. Yes, at the midpoint of our guide, it's 15%, obviously, or the midpoint of our estimation and it could be plus or minus there. And what's changed over the last 90 days, I'd say, is that Robotics -- our view of the market, obviously, from Q4 and our forecast or our thinking of our plan for Robotics has come down to a growth rate of about 10% year-over-year. I will add that what hasn't changed is that our view on Semi Test actually over the past 90 days has actually strengthened. We saw acceleration into -- more business into Q4 of '24 but we held our plans roughly the same. So over a 5-quarter period, it's actually been enhanced which gives us confidence in the year for Semi Test. And I'd say the other product test businesses are roughly in line of what we thought about.
Krish Sankar: Got it. And then as a follow-up, thanks for the color. You kind of spoke about how your SOC Compute revenue has been growing from 11% to 34% last year. I'm curious where do you think it could end up being this year in the context of your $4.9 billion SOC TAM? If you can just give some color on how much of that is Compute, how much is Mobile and what percentage SOC revenue you could get from both compute and mobile this year?
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. So I think Compute will be one of our largest growers and should increase as a percentage of the SOC revenue that we have. We also see, obviously, the TAM growing in Compute. So we're tracking to it. We see continued strength in VIPs. As Greg noted, roughly a TAM in 2024 for VIPs -- of Compute VIPs of $300 million. And in '26, we see that as roughly centered around $600 million. So as you'd expect, we see growth in 2025 and we're tracking to that growth in compute. I think from a Mobile perspective, we do see it continuing to slightly growing along the 2025 level -- or consistent with 2024, similar to 2025. And then when we take a look at Auto and Industrial, we do see that TAM growing along with our business growing. So I'd say a little bit more strength in Compute and TAM as well as from our shipment perspective and then Auto and Industrial growing with mobility flattish to slightly up.
Operator: Our next question is from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: My first one is on the VIP business. When you think about the growth outlook in '25 and '26, I was hoping you could sort of touch on the breadth of your customer base in that business. Is the growth expected to mostly come from existing customers? Or are you looking to -- or do you expect for new products or new customers to ramp in '25 and '26 as well within the context of the VIP business and AI Compute more specifically?
Greg Smith: Yes. So it's Greg. The VIP business is pretty concentrated. I mean there are very few companies that have the scale necessary to pay for a 2-nanometer ASIC accelerator. So this is definitely going to be lumpy. If you look at our 2025 business, we are expecting a robust ramp of the existing customers that we have. And we're expecting between '25 and into '26 that we'll be adding 1 or 2 logos to the customers that we have. But like if you're trying to get an understanding for this, this is always going to be a situation where it's like very big single sockets that drive a lot of capacity adds, not a broad based thing.
Toshiya Hari: Yes, that makes total sense. And then as my follow-up on HBM test, you talked about digestion in '25 and then a potential recovery in '26, I think. Is that view primarily based on a bottoms-up -- based on customer forecast? Are you guys making internal assumptions around HBM bit growth, technology evolution? Is it a combination? I'm just curious how you formed your view on '25 and '26.
Greg Smith: So we have very good relationships with most of the major memory producers. And so a lot of this is based on our conversations with them and their advanced capital planning. Having said that, there is a fair amount of capacity in place that needs to be filled out that is capable of doing HBM3E. The thing that is an X factor in our model is the timing of a transition to HBM4. If that transition comes in, in time, then there's upside to the TAM. If that transition delays in time, that would be -- that would mean that, that TAM would be further weakened. But right now, we've kind of -- going with our best view from what we're hearing from our customers in terms of when that transition is going to happen.
Toshiya Hari: And when you say in time, do you mean sort of first half '26? Or -- I just wanted to clarify.
Greg Smith: Yes. The real question is, yes, whether -- like people are certain that HBM4 is going to be in volume production in early 2026. There's certainly a customer desire to try to have more significant volumes of HBM4 in the latter half of 2025. And if the schedules support that, that would pull in the capacity needs for that into '25 from '26.
Operator: Our next question is from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.
Samik Chatterjee: I guess for the first one, the seasonality between the first half and the second half that you're indicating this year is definitely more second-half skewed than sort of the last couple of years. And that brings into sort of the question in terms of you're talking about the second half recovery in some of these markets like Mobile and then Auto Industrial. How are you sort of derisking that second half when we think about upside, downside risk, particularly given your visibility, how should we think about sort of that first half versus second half improvement and sort of upside downside risk around it? And I have a follow-up.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. It's Sanjay. So that's right. As we have the visibility into Q1 or the first half, second half, I'd say we're in an environment where we see the upgrades that have occurred that we've talked about to underutilized capacity, we see that as coming to an end sometime of these upgrades, really getting to really high levels of utilization first half-ish. And while there'll still be probably some minor upgrades, we see capacity tightening. You can see that with the VLSI reports as well as how when we go and count the testers and utilization and our methodology of getting there. So we see a tailwind as utilization tightens. The second thing is that we do have a pipeline as we think about the customers we're engaging that gives us confidence in the second half. And in the second half, it's broad-based. I'd say more focused around Compute as well as Auto and Industrial from a Semi Test perspective and then also tied to the end market recovery. And as Greg noted, end market recovering in Industrial Automation as well.
Samik Chatterjee: And maybe going back to the VIP ASIC TAM and you sort of highlighted -- you made some comments on the last question as well in terms of logos that you're expecting. But more specifically, I think there is a broader investor concern about your ability to maintain that 50% share that you're talking about. And when we sort of look into 2025, 2026, is that visibility in terms of maintaining the 50% share more in terms of continue to work with your existing customers? Or how does the pipeline look in terms of sort of new wins, either in terms of sockets with existing customers or new customers that's driving that confidence to keep that 50% share?
Greg Smith: Yes. This is Greg. I'll take that one. So we -- we believe that we have the best product for these leading-edge devices. But one of the critical factors in ATE selection is the installed base of tools and training and everything else that you have around the platform that you're using. So the Teradyne's traditional low share in the compute space has a lot to do with the way the market was shaped for the last 10 years. The success that we're having in VIPs is that with these new devices and the use of these design service providers like a Broadcom or a Marvell or a Samsung, Alchip, GUC that we have excellent relationships with these customers and we are able to demonstrate the differentiation of our product. And we think that people are getting a good result by using our product and they're choosing our product for that reason. So from a product differentiation perspective, we think we have the right recipe in order to maintain that share. We think that we have the right customer relationships to be able to do that. And we believe that we have the right relationships with the hyperscalers themselves to try and add the logos that we need. So we're pretty confident that we're going to be able to keep going at this 50% level.
Operator: Our next question is from Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: So first one, Compute TAM grew 57% last year but you're expecting it to grow only 5% in '25. I'm curious what is causing that slowdown? And then versus the, I think, $300 million in VIP last year, what is the VIP TAM for '25?
Greg Smith: So in terms of Compute growth, you can -- I think you can look at this in a little bit of a similar way to the situation in HBM. The end market for this stuff is going to stay very, very hot. But the situation in terms of capital equipment or test equipment to support the volumes that are being produced doesn't necessarily follow that in lockstep. Right now, there are a lot of devices in the space that are still coming up an experience curve and have very, very long test times that could be reduced as parts become more mature. And we believe that, that's going to have -- that's going to limit the sequential growth of the compute space. So we think the primary opportunity in the compute space is in these new sockets from the VIPs, not in the traditional space where it's sort of a year after introduction and experience curve situation. So we think that there's definitely a -- there are balloons and anchors that are going to be affecting this. The balloon is obviously this huge CapEx for data center that's going in. The anchor is increasing efficiency of production for the devices.
Vivek Arya: Okay. But then how do we reconcile that with the strong, I think, almost 30%-plus [ph] half-on-half growth that you are expecting this year driven by Compute? If the TAM is not growing, then how can one depend on that to grow much more than what Teradyne's normal seasonality has been half-on-half in the second half?
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. So I think you should think about it as share growth, some of that.
Greg Smith: Yes, it's share growth. And the other thing that I would say is we're kind of expecting Compute to be delivering throughout the year and we're expecting the Automotive, Industrial and Mobile segments to be more back half loaded. So it's not that we're expecting a big back half for compute, I think.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. I think compute, we are seeing -- it's a little bit more balanced but back half is going to be stronger than the first.
Vivek Arya: Okay. But it's not 30% increase, is it?
Greg Smith: It is.
Sanjay Mehta: It's going to have a reasonable increase.
Greg Smith: But I think that the logic behind that is related to this new part introduction that if you're introducing new parts, you need capacity to support that. If you are increasing volume on parts that are already in production, then that's affected by the experience curve.
Sanjay Mehta: And then, Vivek, you had a question on VIP TAM?
Vivek Arya: The VIP part of the TAM. I think the $300 million. What is it this year in '25?
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. What we've said in our prepared remarks that it's $300 million and then growing to what we expect to be in 2026, centered around $600 million. You should expect that, that's going to grow on a trend line. It has a range. But if you think about a $400 million to $500 million, maybe biased towards the higher end of range for 2025 is how you should think about it.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Chin with Stifel.
Brian Chin: Sorry if I missed this but -- and I know there was sort of some movement around of certain revenue streams in different buckets. But what was the size of the SOC test market in 2024? And if no one asked this yet, can you decompose sort of how that $4.9 billion TAM for 2025 breaks down across Compute, Mobile, et cetera?
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. In '24, I believe we have a slide in the backup but Compute is $2.2 billion, Mobile is $0.8 billion. Auto and Industrial is $0.9 billion, service is $0.7 billion and $4.6 billion SOC TAM in '24. And then if you go to '25, you've got $2.3 billion in Compute, Mobile at $0.9 billion, Auto and Industrial at $1 billion and service at $0.7 billion to get us to the $4.9 billion at the midpoint.
Brian Chin: Got it. That's helpful. And just -- and you sort of touched on this a little bit but just to underpin that view for the modest test recovery in the second half, can you give us maybe a better sense of where Semiconductor Test cell utilization rates are now versus a year ago to kind of how close we are to bridging that gap?
Greg Smith: Yes. So I mean, we've cautioned before in terms of the absolute accuracy of these utilizations. So we tend to look at changes from quarter-to-quarter. I will say that utilization has drifted up through 2024 and it inflected more strongly in the end of the year than before. And that's really around the impact of the upgrades that we shipped through the year. The upgrades that we shipped through the year that turned previously idle testers into testers that are being actively loaded. There was a delay of maybe 1 quarter from those being shipped to when they are actively loaded by our customers. But it's probably about a 10% increase in utilization year-on-year like exiting '24 from coming into '24. And right now, we're at the point where we think our business has already shifted in mix more away from upgrades and more towards system sales. So we think that, that's -- we've kind of passed the tipping point there.
Brian Chin: Okay. Maybe if I could just sneak in a Robotics question. Would you mind unpacking a little bit what you mean by consolidating the go-to-market? And also in 2025, does your kind of modest growth outlook suggest that you think the benchmark of the broader robotics industry is down something like 10% this year?
Greg Smith: Yes. So the details of the consolidation is that we've combined the marketing functions, the sales functions and the service functions of UR and MiR together so that we have one unified go-to-market organization. And that is the primary way that we are going to improve our interface to our partners and improve the interface to our largest customers. There's a lot of overlap in terms of our largest partners and our largest customers where they are customers of both UR and MiR. So it was an obvious place where we could make things simpler for them and also drive some efficiency for us. There's really no change in terms of the primary go-to-market growth vectors that we see for these groups. And that really is OEMs and for -- and large customers. And so we're continuing to lean into those programs but now we're doing those across both product lines versus on an isolated basis. Now, the -- could you remind me what your second question was in there?
Brian Chin: Yes. I was just -- I think you previously said you kind of set growth targets against a benchmark -- outperforming a benchmark for the industry, something, I think, like 10% to 15% better than the benchmark. And if you're guiding kind of a modest growth this year, does that mean that, that benchmark is down maybe 10% this year?
Greg Smith: Yes. I think we're -- everyone is trying to figure out exactly what the shape of a recovery in Industrial Automation would be. I think you're right in thinking that we are -- our intent is to outgrow the traditional automation players by like 20% per year or maybe more like 15% per year. So I think it's probably more like we're looking at 5% down with us delivering above that. So, at a -- if the automation market were flat, I think we would be significantly higher, up around 20% growth. If it's down -- around 15% growth, if it's down 5%, then we deliver like 10% growth.
Operator: Our next question is from Shane Brett with Morgan Stanley.
Shane Brett: So I understand the importance of giving investors long-term forecast of the 2028 model but I just wanted to better understand what are the kind of more finer details behind the revenue assumptions for that model and sort of how far your visibility extends? The context of this question is that since 2022, it appears as though you are continuing to set up a little bit of a higher bar for your business.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. It's Sanjay here. Yes. So as we've said in our prepared remarks, we see test revenues -- we see overall revenues growing 12% to 18%. And that's really broken out from a Test perspective of 12% to 17% and then from Robotics, an 18% to 24% level. I would say, starting with Robotics, there are some key drivers that we have, AI-enabled SAM expansion, really focused on channel growth through OEMs and large accounts and new product introduction. And so we believe we are in a sub-5% penetrated market. The market has had some tremendous headwinds, as Greg noted, over the past couple of years. However, we see that as we develop these incremental solutions, AI-enabled capabilities in our products that, that will enable us to help address incremental segment verticals. And so it's with that, we have the confidence we just need the market to return and we are predicting that in our model. From a Test perspective, I would think about it like this. We analyze the TAM. We take a look at -- and maybe, Greg, you want to add some comments when I'm done but we analyze the TAM. We look at things in the different segments like Compute, how we see the AI Compute or high-performance compute go in networking as well as the forecast from external players but also talking to customers and what our view is of the custom ASICs. So we look at it segment by segment, high-level drivers. Greg mentioned EV silicon content in cars growing as well as a fast-moving driver or an increased driver in hybrid as well as EVs but it's both a top-down and a bottoms-up.
Greg Smith: Yes. One bit of color in terms of the Semi Test growth. I think one way that you should think about it is that there was this incredible inflection in 2024 for the Memory market. So the Memory market like really bumped up in 2024. So if you're looking at 2024 to 2028 growth rates, we think that the Memory market has already sort of built in some of the growth of that longer period. So we're expecting sort of a lower incremental TAM growth in the Memory market going out to 2028 and a more linear model of growth rate for the SOC TAM through that period.
Sanjay Mehta: And maybe I'll add one more point on share. In the Compute space, as we see the market shift to more custom ASICs, we also see share gain as we believe we're going to continue to win kind of 1 in 2 sockets. And then as the market recovers in Mobile as well as Auto and Industrial, markets that we've had traditionally higher share in, as those markets become a larger portion of the TAM relative to 2024 and those markets recover, we should inherently gain share in those markets.
Greg Smith: Now one other thing that I think you probably want to try to consider as you're trying to flesh out a view for 2028 is that we think System Level Test is going to be a long-term growth vector that adding those test insertions is going to be important to achieve the quality levels that our customers are demanding. And so we believe that, that's going to be one of the things that helps to drive that -- you said it was 12% to 17% growth for the test group -- that there is a chunk of that growth that is coming from that System Level Test stuff.
Shane Brett: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'd like to hand the floor back over to Traci Tsuchiguchi for any closing comments.
Traci Tsuchiguchi: Thank you again for joining us this morning. We hope that many of you will be able to join us for our Analyst Day on March 11. Until then, we look forward to speaking with you soon. Bye.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Q3 2024 Teradyne Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Traci Tsuchiguchi. Please go ahead ma'am.
Traci Tsuchiguchi: Thank you operator. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our CEO, Greg Smith; and our CFO, Sanjay Mehta. Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for the third quarter of 2024 and our outlook for the fourth quarter of 2024. The press release containing our third quarter results was issued last evening. We have provided slides as well as a copy of this earnings script on the Investor page of the Teradyne website that may be helpful in following the discussion. Replays of this call will be available via the same page after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We caution listeners not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements included in this presentation. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor Statement contained in slides accompanying this presentation as well as the risk factors described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. Additionally, these forward-looking statements are made only as of today. During today's call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. We have posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures where available on the Investor page of our website. Looking ahead between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne expects to participate in technology or investor-focused conferences, hosted by R.W. Baird and UBS. Additionally, please note that we are planning to host a financial analyst meeting at our headquarters North Reading, Massachusetts in the afternoon of March 11, 2025. Following Greg and Sanjay’s comments this morning will open up the call for questions. This call is scheduled for one hour. Greg.
Greg Smith: Thanks Traci, good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. Today I will summarize our third quarter results and discuss the trends we are seeing in the semiconductor and advanced robotics industry. Sanjay will then provide more color on our third quarter results and forward-looking guidance. Generally, the market dynamics that we identified in our July earnings call have continued through the third quarter. The ongoing strength of Cloud AI is driving demand in both the SoC and Memory Test markets and our Semi Test business is performing above our expectations. Within Semi Test the memory business delivered record high revenue in the third quarter on a strong HBM demand. Our SoC business was driven by networking and by vertically integrated producers or VIPs who are designing silicon for their own use in Cloud and Edge AI applications. Beyond Compute and Memory we are beginning to see stabilization and in some cases modest levels of improvement in our other Semi Test segments. We are seeing utilization rates continue to tick higher as test was initially purchased from Mobile increasingly being upgraded to test Cloud AI Compute devices. By the beginning of 2024 out lead times have returned to normal and while our customers are not generally providing forecast beyond a quarter or two which limits our visibility, we do expect a broader market recovery as we progress through 2025. Robotics powered by transformation and SAM expansion continues to outpace its peer group as it operates beneath difficult macro industrial environment that has now persisted for more than two years. Focusing in on Q3, we delivered third quarter financial results as the high end of our revenue guidance range and above the high end of our gross margin and earnings guidance ranges. Memory and SoC came in above our plan, driven mainly by AI applications. In Q3, Cloud AI drove Compute Revenue with notable strength in networking devices. As we have discussed in the past, AI-enabled data centers require much denser networks and our incumbent leadership position in networking, combined with shipments to support VIPs has resulted in a considerable shift in our revenue mix. This year we expect our revenue from Compute to be four times what it was in 2023. We are increasing our SoC SAM forecast for the Compute market segment by 200 million from 1.6 billion to 1.8 billion in 2024. This compares to 1.4 billion in 2023, approximately 30% year-over-year TAM growth. The VIP portion of the Compute TAM is growing fast, and our current estimate of this market for 2024 is approximately $300 million, of which we have roughly 50% share. In Memory, AI-driven HBM DRAM demand remains very strong and AI servers are driving demand for enterprise SSD NAND flash. Our memory business is at record levels, driven by volume shipments for DRAM wafer store and HBM stack die test. We are revising our estimated Memory TAM expectation for the year to approximately $1.4 billion, above our prior estimate range of 1.2 to 1.3. The Memory Test for TAM in 2024 is now expected to be over 35% higher than the last peak in 2021. We note that the 2024 Memory TAM includes a big slug of initial tooling for HBM at multiple memory suppliers. It's likely that the HBM-TAM will flatten or reduce in 2025. Moving on to Q4. Cloud AI demand is expected to continue into the fourth quarter. However, given the surge of memory shipments in the third quarter, we expect that our memory revenue will moderate in the fourth. While Semi Test has consistently outperformed our expectations this year, our other test businesses have continued to see softer demand. Our wireless business in particular has been impacted by the slower than expected ramp of Wi-Fi 7 in access points, PCs, and laptops. Our HD business continues to wait for our primary customer to work through capacity, and our Production Board Test business continues to be weak mainly due to lower demand from Tier One Automotive OEMs. Now turning to Robotics. Despite roughly flat quarter-on-quarter revenue, our Robotics business has delivered 8% year-to-date growth despite a worsening industrial macro backdrop. We see our industrial automation peers with year-over-year declines averaging more than 10%. While the basic demand drivers for advanced Robotics remain, low penetration rate, the demographics of an aging population, fewer young workers willing to do factory work, and the compellingly short ROI, the industrial market that we serve is inherently cyclical, and our customers have significantly cut back on capital investment plans. We believe a more appropriate short-term indicator of progress is to consider performance relative to the peer group rather than an absolute growth metric for this business. To consider absolute growth, one needs to look over complete business cycle. Even in the adverse business environment, the Robotics team is seeing good progress in executing its growth strategy. Our highest priority in Robotics go-to-market transformation is the development of an OEM solutions channel for UR. This channel is highly valuable because customers purchasing cobot based solutions from these partners get into production more quickly and have fewer problems than customers that develop custom solutions. In the first three quarters of the year, OEM revenue at UR is up over 50% compared to 2023. Innovation-driven SAM expansion is central to outgrowing the market. The new heavy payload UR robots that began shipping late last year have lasted well in the market and represents 16% of UR units shipped year-to-date. The OEM growth and new product revenue essentially account for Teradyne Robotics outperforming our peer group in budget-constrained market conditions. We expect innovation-driven growth to continue in Q4. The MiR1200 Pallet Jack is a breakthrough product that brings NVIDIA-powered AI to solve a tough problem in the physical industrial world. Our beta customer trials have completed successfully, and we expect commercial shipments to begin late this quarter. Earlier this week, UR launched its AI accelerator, which is a ready-to-use hardware and software toolkit that will reduce time to market for AI-based work cell robotic solutions for UR's partners. To sum up, based on year-to-date outperformance of our Semi Test business and partially offset by the softer environment outside of Semi Test, we expect total company revenue growth of approximately 5%, up from our prior expectation of low single-digit revenue growth from 2023. As a reminder, excluding the impact of the sale of DIS to Technoprobe, our 2024 revenue growth would be a couple of percentage points higher. Our third quarter results have reinforced our belief that AI is a transformational secular growth driver across Teradyne's businesses, both in test and in robotics. It is powering demand in Semi Test and powering innovative products in robotics. We expect that this will only accelerate in the years ahead. With that, I'll turn the call over to Sanjay. Sanjay?
Sanjay Mehta: Thank you, Greg. Good morning, everyone. Today, I'll cover the financial summary of Q3, provide our Q4 outlook and provide some color around 2025. Now to Q3. Third quarter sales were $737 million, which was at the high end of our guidance with non-GAAP EPS of $0.90, which was above our high-end guide of $0.86. Non-GAAP gross margins were 59.7%, this was above our high guidance due primarily to product mix. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $275 million, up sequentially and year-over-year, consistent with our guidance as we invest in targeted opportunities to drive long-term growth. Non-GAAP operating profit was approximately 22%. Turning to our revenue breakdown in Q3. Semi Test revenue for the quarter was $543 million, with SoC contributing $393 million and Memory $150 million. Strength in SoC was driven by Compute, while Mobile and Industrial continued to ship at a consistent level with Q2. Memory Test revenue was driven by HBM DRAM shipments, flash tooling for new UFS 4.0 standard in Mobility and DRAM wafer sort. In Memory, we continue to expect DRAM to dominate the Memory mix at over 80% of the Memory TAM in 2024. In System Test group, Q3 revenue was $73 million with continued weakness across the businesses. Production Board Test business decline was driven by weakness in the automotive end market. Storage Test weakness in SLT was tied to the mobile end market. While the HDD end market is recovering, the demand is being satisfied with underutilized test capacity. In wireless test, revenue was $33 million in Q3, lower sequentially and year-on-year on a slower-than-expected ramp of WiFi 7 and continued weakness in the PC end market. Now to Robotics. Revenue was approximately $89 million, flattish sequentially and up 3% year-over-year. In the quarter, UR contributed $73 million and MiR contributed $15 million. As noted, although the overall market is down, we are experiencing year-over-year growth tied to our SAM expansion and channel strategies. Some other financial information in Q3. Our equity investment in Technoprobe is reflected below the line in the income statement, where we recognized 10% of TPI's profit one quarter in arrears. Clearly, as the transaction closed at the end of May, our third quarter results reflect the impact of one month of the TPI investment. We had three 10% customers in the quarter. The tax rate, excluding discrete items for the quarter 13.6% on a GAAP basis and 13.8% on a non-GAAP basis. Full year rate is expected to be 14% on a GAAP basis, 14.5% on a non-GAAP basis. Shifting to some cash metrics. At a company level, our free cash flow was $114 million, primarily driven by earnings and net working capital improvements in the quarter. We repurchased $25 million of shares in the quarter and paid $20 million in dividends. We ended the quarter with $678 million in cash and marketable securities. Now to our outlook for Q4. Q4 sales are expected to be between $710 million and $760 million. Gross margins are estimated at 59.5% to 60.5%. Recall in January, we had a plan to improve gross margins back to model in the second half of 2024. The first half of 2024 had subscale revenues tied to a seasonally low Q1 and operational resiliency spend. In the second half of 2024, we are back to our model gross margins of 59% to 60%. A little more color on gross margin seasonality. In Q1 2025, we anticipate revenue to be roughly 5% to 10% down quarter-over-quarter. With this lower volume, our gross margin was expected to be slightly below our target model. Back to Q4, OPEX is expected to run at 36.5% to 38.5% of fourth quarter sales. The non-GAAP operating profit rate at the midpoint of our fourth quarter guidance is 23% with non-GAAP EPS expected to be in the range of $0.80 to $0.97 on 164 million diluted shares. GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.73 to $0.91. A few comments on the semiconductor test market. We are revising up our total semiconductor ATE TAM estimates for 2024. We have provided a slide in the appendix of our earnings deck with this information. Recall, our SoC TAM range has been $3.6 billion to $4.2 billion with a midpoint of $3.9 billion. We now expect the SoC TAM to be at the high end of this range around $4.2 billion. This is comprised of Compute, which we now estimate to be $1.8 billion, up $200 million from our prior midpoint estimate and industrial to be around $400 million, up $100 million from our prior estimate. We continue to estimate mobile to be around $800 million, Auto MCU to be around $500 million, and Services at $700 million. We are also raising our Memory TAM estimate to $1.4 billion, up from an estimated range of $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion. Within our 2024 expectations, as Greg noted, we are calibrating our expectations of growth in Robotics around the relative growth of the peer group. We are targeting growth in our Robotics business to be 15% to 20% above the industrial automation peer group, which contemplates macroeconomic factors that are outside of our control. We are confident in the long-term growth of this business and will continue to have a disciplined approach to spending. Given the weak end market, we now expect Robotics growth in 2024 to be between 5% and 10%. With regard to capital allocation, we will continue to target our share buybacks in 2024 to have an amount necessary to offset dilution from equity compensation and our employee share purchase program. Looking ahead to 2025, with an uptick in utilization and an expectation of end market improvement, we will be making investments that will increase our operating expenses. However, we expect to have a plan with operating leverage. We expect revenue growth to accelerate from 2024 levels across all businesses. That said, demand for most of our end markets outside of AI related to Compute and Memory is improving, but remains muted and the timing and magnitude of a broader-based recovery is not known. Our variable business model is scalable and resilient with outsourced manufacturing and our operating expenses having a variable component. During a cyclical downturn, we shed OPEX enabling greater profitability and free cash flow generation. During an upturn in the market, we expect in 2025, we will see an accelerated OPEX increase tied to our variable OPEX model. In 2025, given our expected top line growth, we are planning a low teens increase in year-over-year OPEX, mainly to fund our Semi Test growth initiatives, primarily in engineering and go-to-market. Also, approximately 30% of the growth is due to our variable compensation model. Q1 OPEX is expected to grow 15% to 20% year-over-year. Summing up, we delivered strong sales and earnings in the third quarter as Memory and Compute revenue helped us drive to the high end of the range. Our Robotics team delivered year-over-year growth despite a difficult auto and industrial end market as the business continues to execute its new product development and go-to-market strategy. Overall, our midterm fundamentals remain strong, and we are investing to accelerate our long-term growth trajectory. With that, I'll turn the call back to the operator to open the line-up for questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Mehdi Hosseini of SIG. please go ahead.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes, thanks for taking my question. The first one has to do with just the overall system level test, you have highlighted opportunities in Compute I think of System-Level Test as an extension of Compute impacting both your Semi Test and System Level. So remind me, where do you see the TAM in 2024 and your projection for 2025 and what are the opportunities that Teradyne could benefit from? And for context, SLT was mostly opportunities in the smartphone, I'm under impression that the end market diversified, and I want to hear how Teradyne is positioned and I have a follow-up?
Greg Smith: Hi Mehdi, so unlike the semiconductor ATE market, there aren't as accurate measures of TAM in the SLT space because there are a lot of sort of fuzzy edges between SLT and burn in, different methodologies. So we look more at this from a major customer perspective and a segment perspective. So you're right, the thing that's happened over the past few years, maybe the last like five years or so is SLT becoming an important part of the test strategy for the processors that go into smartphones. And that has been the primary driver for us, our business. Over -- in 2024, we have added Compute customers to that mix. And we're really going to hit more, like I think that's only going to be a meaningful contributor to SLT revenue once we get to 2025. There's a little bit in 2024, there will be more in 2025. We also -- while this -- the mobile downturn has been going on, we have been adding additional -- an additional customer in the mobile space. So when the mobile market hopefully recovers to an extent in 2025, we expect that to grow a little bit more robustly because we have an additional customer there. So I don't have a firm answer to give you, but we certainly believe that we're looking at a significantly stronger 2025 than 2024 in SLT.
Mehdi Hosseini: Sure, thank you. And just as a follow-up, when I asked your customers, it seems like the overall test time for the next generation of AI Blackwell increases by more than 30% versus the prior generation. And I'm just wondering given the fact that you've had limited exposure to accelerate part of the AI market, would the escalating test time open the door for Teradyne to come in and reduce the test time and this is where SLT could potentially become an enabler?
Greg Smith: The trend that you're talking about higher test times is really firmly tied to the complexity of the device. The Blackwell is a huge die, its test time is quite well optimized to the complexity that's there, and there are -- I see SLT as primarily a way to limit the growth. If the test time tracked with the transistor complexity increase, it would go up by a lot more than 30%. SLT is sort of the backstop that's keeping that growth down, and we have significant opportunities in AI accelerators, but I don't see a significant opportunity for us to gain share with -- in a specific part like Blackwell. Our future is much more strongly tied to the vertically integrated producers. So as the hyperscalers begin to deploy greater amounts of Compute power on their own silicon, that's the thing that's going to be driving our improved results in the Compute space. The other thing about that is coming along with that increased complexity in each of the devices is for -- when you're trying to do AI model training and the number of nodes in the model are increasing and increasing, the amount of networking is actually increasing at a faster pace than the number of nodes. So that is like the mix. If you look within a single company, they have -- they'll have AI accelerators and networking devices, the amount of test seconds required for the networking devices is going up at least as fast as the number of test seconds for the core Compute devices because they're simply more links. So I think there's -- this test time expansion is kind of a broad tailwind for the ATE industry. We're going to be looking at larger TAMs, more testers and I think that the key message is that our primary opportunity is through the growth of the VIPs and networking.
Mehdi Hosseini: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivek Arya of Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thank you for taking my question. I'm not sure how the TAM is being taken up several hundred million dollars, but your Q4 and Q1 sales are going to be below Q3 sales. And as we look forward, Greg, do you think that this 20%, 25% sales growth, which is kind of in line with your midterm model CAGR, that's the realistic target for 2025?
Greg Smith: So let me take this in two parts. So in terms of the TAM expansion, there's three factors -- there's really two factors going on. One is that as we are measuring ourselves and our competitors, we're seeing significantly stronger business in AI Compute and things that are related to that HBM Memory. The other factor is that as the year is going on, we are getting better visibility into the size of the TAM in China and the success of the local Chinese tester companies serving that Chinese TAM. So there's demand from companies in China that's being served by companies in China. And it's not so much that, that is strengthening, but we're getting a clearer picture of how much of that's going on. So because of Teradyne's relatively low exposure in China, that isn't as big of a factor around our share of our growth, but it is certainly something that is accelerating the TAM, our estimate of the TAM in 2024. Now the second part of your question around like our model would suggest growth of 20% to 25% in 2025. We'll be giving you a complete picture of what we believe is -- like what our estimates are for 2025 specifically in our January call. But I think the ingredients are there for us to be able to stay on model towards our 2026 plan.
Vivek Arya: And from a follow-up, if I do a five-year look back for your automation or your Robotics business, the 29% to 24% if my model is right, it shows a 5% CAGR, so what explains that software growth, how does that long-term trend compare against the industry, and what needs to happen for Teradyne to grow at this 20%, 30% forecast for the next handful of years?
Greg Smith: So that's a really good question. And it's something that we've spent a fair amount of time doing some soul-searching about ourselves. And when we were trying to look at this, we saw a number of different factors. One thing that is -- that has happened is that the -- if you rewind the tape, you had a sort of a 5-year look back, 2020 was an abysmal year for industrial automation in general, but the semiconductor industry recovered very quickly because it was a critical industry during the COVID pandemic and results were really, really strong there. But for industrial automation, including our industrial automation, it was a very, very difficult environment to try to grow sales. There was a strong recovery from that in 2021 and then after that into 2022, our growth really flattened out, and we had negative growth in 2023. In the period from 2023 up through now, actually, the second half of 2022 through now, we've been looking at a very soft end market. The industrial PMI has been at or below 50%, indicating contraction for two years, and that is the longest period of time that, that indicator has been that low for the last 40 years. I'm not sure about the 40 years, a very long time. The -- that coincides with the post-COVID contraction in general and also the period of time when interest rates started going up, making capital tighter for industrial expansion. We haven't been sort of sitting around while that's going on. We have been looking at our own performance and our own issues in that business. And the key thing that we saw in that business was that our distribution was inadequate for the growth objectives that we had and that in order to serve this huge unserved market that we needed to actually broaden our offerings both in hardware and software. And so that's what we've been doing. While this -- while we've had these terrible end market conditions, we've added high payload robots to our UR line. We have -- we're about to introduce a product for MiR that will roughly double our served market. And we've established an effective OEM solutions channel for UR, that's now accounting for a material part of their sales and growing 50% year-over-year in a weak market. So we definitely need better end market conditions than we see right now for us to be able to maintain 20% to 30% growth. But what Sanjay said, I think is right, that we think we can outgrow the sort of traditional suppliers in robotics and industrial automation by 15 to 20 percentage points per year. And that market typically grows a little bit faster than GDP, sort of a 5% growth rate. So that would put us in the 20% to 25% growth just with a "normal market." So I think we're -- we have pretty strong conviction that we've done the right things to set ourselves up for growth, but we're consistently looking at it and adjust it.
Vivek Arya: Thank you Greg.
Operator: The next question comes from Tim Arcuri of UBS. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Sanjay, you guided OPEX next year up low teens, and you talked about how that's going to be focused in Semi Test, but you also said you want to show leverage next year. So implicit in that statement, you think you're going to grow revenue something higher than that. The Street right now has it up low 20s. So is that a reasonable number since you're growing the OPEX up low teens, is the Street projection of up low 20s, is that a reasonable number or do you think you can grow even faster than that?
Sanjay Mehta: Yes, hi Tim. I think it says a couple of things. One is we do have conviction in -- as I noted in my prepared remarks, we believe that across the business, we're going to see an improvement. However, we are in a downturn or a muted set of demand for mobility, auto and industrial. And when that exactly turns will be an interesting dynamic that will fluctuate where we end up in 2025. We will provide a view of 2025 and our January call. But the other implicit point that we wanted to make was, hey, this is a dynamic environment. We're going through our strategic planning process now that culminates with a review with our Board. And then we provide an update to the earnings model in January as we always do. And we're still going through that process. But one of the principles that we look at is how do we have operating leverage. We wanted to put that out there. Now tactically, as we do see that the market's changing pretty significantly, if you go back to 2008, you see mobility being very, very strong. And now obviously, with segment chip to Compute, we believe we're -- as we've noted several years ago, we pivoted to VIP or hyperscaler strategy that is, we feel as being very successful in the short term. And we're making the right engineering and go-to-market decisions, we believe. So tactically, while we have this principle of driving operating leverage, tactically, we are looking at these investments very carefully. But this is where we expect to be. So we wanted to make sure we set the right expectation from our investment profile as well as came out with a principle of operating leverage.
Greg Smith: If I can just add sort of one comment that as we were looking at our 2026 earnings model and trying to make sure that we were providing useful -- like as much useful information as we can know without having complete plans for 2025, the thing that we were most concerned was that there was a chance that people would misunderstand our trajectory in OPEX going into 2025. We were less concerned about the sort of the impressions that existed, sort of the implication of our 2026 earnings model on 2025, we had less concerns about that in the area of revenue growth.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay, great, thanks for that. And I mean, obviously, as you guys know, I don't say good things about the industrial automation business often. So I guess maybe I'll ask a question that could be kind of a green shoot question. And if you look at this white paper, I mean, Amazon obviously has Kiva for automated guided robots. But they do have this new white paper where it looks like they're looking to fill a niche with cobots for warehouse and fulfillment, things like that. So is that a green shoot that maybe, I mean, AI obviously hasn't done -- has not grown much. But is that a green shoot that maybe should really start to catalyze that business?
Greg Smith: So yeah, we don't comment on sort of specific customer engagements, the thing that -- I've seen the same white paper that you've seen. And it is really exciting technology. The thing that's exciting to me is that they're applying AI to allow for cobots to be able to react to deal with like the hundreds of thousands of SKUs that they need to deal with on a day-to-day basis. We have other customers in the logistics space that are using AI and cobots in a very similar way, like cube storage systems for online grocery picking, those kinds of applications. So the green shoot in our mind is how AI can be used to allow cobots to be applied to a much broader range of product -- problems that it's been able to serve before. And I certainly believe that online retailing is one of the richest areas for that to possibly grow.
Timothy Arcuri: Thank you Greg.
Operator: Our next question comes from Samik Chatterjee of J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Samik Chatterjee: Hey, thanks for taking the questions. So for the first one, I'm just trying to go back to your comments on the prepared remarks about growth being significantly higher in 2025, compared to 2024 and just trying to think about it in terms of the TAM by segments that you outlined. And I remember previously, you've outlined that the complete TAM probably is really not where you see a lot of upside into 2025, but more in the cyclical parts of the TAM that you outlined like Mobility and others. I mean more curious if that's still your view as you look forward to 2025, because you just outlined today as well that the memory or the HBM TAM might be sort of flattening out as well. So is it still very much when we start to think about next year significantly actual growth, is it really driven by the cyclical parts of the TAM or is your view changing on Compute or Memory in aggregate in relation to that? And I have a quick follow-up.
Greg Smith: Yes. So I'll give my usual -- we'll tell you in more detail what our view of 2025 is in January. But since we talked a little bit about this last quarter, what I'll do is I'll sort of give you an update sort of what we've seen to modify that view. So last quarter, we -- like what I was saying last quarter is like man, Compute is hot. I don't -- I can't imagine it's going to get much hotter. You know what, it's probably going to get a bit hotter. It's probably going to grow a bit from where it is now. We certainly are expecting a recovery from the lower levels that we see in 2024 in the automotive and industrial space. There's a lot of end market demand that is going to come. The crossover from internal combustion to EV, even though it's delayed, it's going on in every single model year of car is increasing the semiconductor content. So we see that there are long-term growth drivers that are going to help us in auto and industrial. In Memory, we do think that HBM will moderate, but honestly, the other parts of the memory market are still quite weak. The DRAM market is like -- was it 80% this year of the TAM. And it's usually much more balanced than that. So we think that there's definitely room for improved strength in the flash part of the Memory market. So I think -- I guess the premise of your question is, is it like AI like being the sole growth driver next year, I think that the real story is that the rest of the market kind of improves incrementally underneath a very strong AI market.
Samik Chatterjee: Got it. Good. That's helpful. And for my second one, just on Sanjay, you mentioned the seasonality into 1Q. If I sort of look at your business as AI versus sort of the more cyclical part, are the AI pieces also going to go through a seasonality typical to the rest of the business or are you seeing those sort of stand out in seasonality and it's more driven by the cyclical aspects that you sort of take that step down into 1Q? Thank you.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. I think if you look at our history, what you'll see is the seasonality come down in Q1. And we're seeing that in Robotics specifically. Historically, we've seen strong Q4 and then come down in Q1. And then from a test perspective, the AI strength right now, it will be interesting to see because one thing I want to tie back to is that our lead times have come down significantly from where they were several years ago. And one of the drivers of our strength in Q3 was really tied to customers pulling in future forecast to meet current wafer routes and test requirements. And we're seeing that more and more, and we're positioned well to service that. There have been some unforecasted demand. So I would say that the visibility is starting to get a little bit lower looking out into kind of Q1 from a tactical execution perspective. Now we are positioned well that if customers come in and we can service it. But even in test, we are seeing historically a little bit of seasonality, but a large part is driven by Robotics and a little bit in Test.
Samik Chatterjee: Great, thank you. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Chin of Stifel. Please go ahead. Brian, your line is open if you would ask your question.
Brian Chin: Hi there, sorry about that. Thanks for letting us ask a few questions, and good morning. Maybe just first question, can you discuss why the industrial test TAM was revised higher for this year, is there a connection to China there or would you explain that in another way?
Greg Smith: Yes. So you hit the nail on the head. This isn't a case of the industrial TAM lengthening from quarter-to-quarter. It's a case of us getting better visibility into the size of the TAM that existed in China that's being served by indigenous suppliers.
Brian Chin: Okay, that's very clear and helpful. And Greg, maybe can you also -- you referenced this on prior calls, and I think this as well, but can you help to quantify roughly what percent of the mobile installed tester base, I assume that OSAT principally has been reduced, rationalized, or repurposed for other chips and markets such as AI accelerator GPUs and ASICs?
Greg Smith: Yes, so right now, like as of today, based on the upgrade shipments that we've done over 100 testers have been repurposed, and by the end of the year, we expect that over 200 testers will have been repurposed into other markets. Most of that isn't to Compute, but not all of it. And the other thing that we look at is to see directionally what's happening with utilization. We don't trust the absolute numbers, but since we keep our measurement methodology consistent, you can get a better idea of whether capacity is getting tighter or looser and we've seen a meaningful uptick in utilization as these testers have been converted and put to use. So we definitely believe that there's less idle capacity now than there was a quarter ago, and they'll be even less when we get the end of the year.
Brian Chin: That's helpful. You understand kind of the supply side of that and the demand is what you are kind of floating at the moment for next year. Maybe one last quick question. And I understand maybe the reluctance to give a number for 2025 of that VIP Compute TAM. But you revised it higher again for this year. Maybe it will ultimately push higher in terms of what your 2026 view has been. But maybe can you at least talk about the key considerations that maybe drive the size of that opportunity next year and are constraints for things like cobot capacity or HBM supply one of those considerations?
Greg Smith: Okay, so first, in terms of the VIPs, what we've said before is that by 2026 we believe that the TAM will be about -- for VIP Compute that we believe that TAM will be about $500 million. This year, we believe that TAM is going to be about $300 million. And frankly, that was a positive surprise in terms of the market size for 2024. Because of that, we are currently taking a hard look at whether that $500 million number for 2026 is right, and we'll give you an update in January about whether we think that that's -- that needs to be revised upward. I certainly feel like there's upward pressure on it. The other thing that we've said about the VIP TAM is that because it's so few producers and so few part types, the TAM is really lumpy. So if you strike a winner, you get a big amount of orders in one period of time. And then that capacity gets in place and it's used. So that market has not sort of reached the level of maturity and breadth where you can draw a straight line to say it's this and this year, it's this two years later, therefore, it's going to be halfway in between in the middle year. But the trend is definitely strengthening. Now in terms of the constraints, the things that we are seeing when we talk to VIP customers is that they are constrained in terms of the amount of HBM Memory they can get, they're constrained in the amount of advanced packaging in order to be able to assemble these kinds of parts. Those are probably the two most important constraints. The other thing that I think is an X factor in this space is the part has to work. These are huge dye, reticle constrained dye surprises, and they are designing a fair amount of redundancy into them to try to make sure that they get adequate yields. But this is -- it's not a slam dunk that these parts are going to work the first time around. So the demand for these testers can shift around in time. So it's a kind of a challenging space to predict. But it's definitely -- the trend is moving faster than we thought it would.
Brian Chin: Yes. That's super helpful color. Thanks Greg.
Operator: Our next question comes from C.J. Muse of Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
Christopher Muse: Yeah, good morning. Thank you for taking the question. I guess first question, I realize you want to save the thunder for your Analyst Day in March. But everything that I'm hearing in this call is telling me that 2025 is a transition year. Your OPEX in Q1 is at new highs, while your revenues are 37% below the prior peak. So can you give us a little bit of help here to understand that there's actually real leverage in the model in 2025?
Sanjay Mehta: Yes, hi C.J. So when we take our -- as Greg noted, look, we're going through our strategic planning process. And -- but what we're seeing is early indicators are that we are talking to customers and hearing about their plans. We do -- we have gone through our early market kind of size assessments. And as Greg noted, look, we are seeing incremental or we are planning incremental growth in mobility, auto, industrial. And from a percentage-wise, that's coming off of a low base, so that would be higher, and Compute is doing really well. So we feel comfortable that at this point, with all the facts we have, we did note that we do expect to see operating leverage while we do grow low teens in the way of OPEX. And a lot changes in 90 days. And we've got to complete our planning process, and we'll provide an update. But we feel comfortable that at this point, we expect to see the operating leverage in our business in 2025.
Greg Smith: Yes. So if I can just add a little bit of add on to that. When we hit our prior peak like the upturn that was serving was it played precisely into Teradyne's strength. Like we are great in mobile, and it was a huge boom in mobile demand. And so we were operating at peak efficiency. We did not need to layer in significant OPEX in order to serve that level of revenue. Coming out of like -- and it's pretty clear from our earnings model that we believe that we are set up for relatively robust TAM growth over the next couple of years. The difference is that, that TAM growth doesn't naturally play to where Teradyne's historic strength was. And so we needed to pivot, and we needed to invest in order to make sure that we were able to reap the benefit of the change in the market. And so we made significant investments to try and align to the HBM market, and we are making significant progress in terms of our exposure and our success in the performance stacked dye test. We made significant investments in engineering and sales and marketing in order to align to VIP, and our share in Compute VIPs is 50% this year versus like much, much lower share in traditional Compute. So like -- the thing that you need to understand is this is a conscious decision on our part that we weren't able to control the changes in the market but we are able to react to it. And to be able to increase our investments moderately while still maintaining very, very good operating margins is the thing that we need to do to try and make sure that we maintain a leadership position in this industry.
Christopher Muse: That's very helpful, thank you. As my follow-up, a near-term question on Robotics, it looks like you're guiding that business to grow 50% sequentially in December. Can you kind of walk through the drivers there and how to think of what the business will look like after that, I believe that's driven primarily by mere product cycle, but would love to hear more color there? Thank you.
Greg Smith: Yes. So the Robotics business has historically had very, very large Q4. There's a lot of seasonality in that business, and this year is no exception, that we expect sort of the normal seasonality pattern. We also expect that the growth that we're seeing in the OEM channel and with heavy payload is going to continue to contribute. I also note, like it's a lesser factor, but now there's a more meaningful amount of service revenue that's coming into those businesses. So the -- like the near story is much more of a 2025 story than a 2024 story. We need to get our new Pallet Jack into the hands of customers. That is going to happen at the end of this quarter, but it's not going to be a material contributor to Q4 growth. So it's really more a view of the pipeline that we have, like our lead pipeline for Q4, how strong we expect that business to be from what we have going now than any contribution from like a mere new product.
Christopher Muse: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Toshiya Hari of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, good morning. I had two questions as well. First, on the mobile SoC Test TAM. I know you're not giving guidance for 2025 but Greg, I'm curious how you're thinking about the opportunity set medium to long term. I think the market peaked around $2 billion a couple of years ago, several years ago, you are at $800 million today, how do you think about sort of the through cycle, I know there is no steady state, but how do you think about sort of the through cycle opportunity for mobile, you talked about utilization rates coming up per year market intel, but medium to long term, are you thinking $1.2 billion, $1.3 billion for Mobile Test and some of the reasons behind that, that would be super helpful?
Greg Smith: Yes. So I think once we get to a steady state in terms of like having shoot up the excess capacity, and I think that happens in 2025. I think the kind of -- like I would expect that the floor in mobile is going to be closer to $1 billion than the $800 million that it is now. But up from that is really going to depend on whether AI-enabled smartphones are a thing or not, and whether AI-enabled smartphones deliver compelling customer value because that's a [indiscernible] in terms of the market. If a phone comes out that has -- that like has a much more complex processor, that's going to require more test time, which means that you need more testers to do it. And if it offers features that customers want badly enough, then that drives the refresh cycle down. And right now, like the average age of smartphones is older now than it's ever been, that people have been holding on to their phones much longer because there really hasn't been that compelling new feature that drives people to upgrade. So I really think that upside to like a $1 billion level in mobile is going to depend on whether the refresh rate in phones goes up and phone unit volume goes up.
Toshiya Hari: Got it, thank you. And then as my follow-up, just a question on how you're thinking about the overall business portfolio. It's been, I think, something like eight years since you guys acquired UR and I know that it predates you becoming CEO of the company. But since then, I think at the time, I think the growth expectation around Semi Test was lower perhaps than how you're thinking about the business today and I think the market sort of perceived the acquisition as a diversification play. When you think about the opportunity set today, I think you've got a lot going on in Semi Test and you touched on quite of those, quite a few of those things, whether it be HBM or the VIP opportunity set. I guess to ask the question bluntly, do you feel like you're still the right owner of the Robotics business, do you feel like you're getting fair value for running this business, and do you guys ever internally debate separating the two businesses? Thanks.
Greg Smith: Yes. No, that is a remarkably blunt question, but it's fair. So -- and you're right in terms of the initial motivation that, the way the world looked to us in 2015 when we bought UR was that we were coming out of like a decade of shrinking TAMs in the semiconductor test market. And over that same decade, Paradigm also doubled our share in the semiconductor test market. So look, in that environment we managed to become more profitable. We've managed to essentially double our share position, but we didn't see that as a great long-term growth strategy. Like you can end up owning up a market that goes away. That's not particularly satisfying. So we were definitely on the hunt for a way to ensure the long-term growth of the enterprise. That was our original motivation. The thing that we have discovered since we bought these Robotics companies is that Paradigm essentially presents a unique value proposition in the advanced robotics space, that if you look at the people that can compete with us in the industrial automation world, the folks that are coming from industrial robots and industrial automation, the big players, they are typically not as comfortable in terms of delivering very high-tech products with very, very high tech -- very, very high reliability requirements. What we do with testers is honestly kind of astonishing. The level of reliability and the level of complexity is really kind of off the charts. And being able to bring that mindset and that skill set to our robotics businesses and also that reputation to our robotics businesses allows them to really compete well against the traditional IA folks that are pivoting into the advanced robotics space. And it gives us a killer advantage against the pure play advanced robotics folks because they're typically undersized, they are underscaled, they are spending beyond -- they are spending to a loss and they don’t have international distribution or a spares logistics network. And so we kind of think that we are the right player to bring advanced robotics to an industrial scale. So the base that we have is, is there some point in the future where we -- where we may unlock shareholder value by having these two businesses be separate? Maybe. But right now, we think that like the Teradyne is like attaching Teradyne to the advanced robotics name is actually a significant differentiator and will allow us to lead in that space.
Toshiya Hari: Thanks so much Greg.
Operator: Our next question comes from Krish Sankar of TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar: Yeah, hi, thanks for taking my question. Greg, I had two of them. First one, I just want to come back to this OPEX thing either for Greg or Sanjay. I thought the strategy on the Semi Test side was with VIPs to engage earlier and on the GPU customer side was to get into the networking test side. With this Semi Test OPEX increase, are you trying to build new platforms to compete, I am basically trying to understand if this is a structurally new OPEX level for the Semi Test business or is it just cyclical trying to get market share?
Greg Smith: So, I would consider it more to be cyclical. It is not and for sure we are always trying to get more market share, right. So, that is kind of a given. But the thing that we are seeing is that these VIP customers they are building extremely complex devices and they amount of applications and technical support require to help them get to market is significant and it is worth it. If you invest that money with that team then you end up with a part that drives a significant amount of business. So the ROI is there to make those investments, but those investments right now we are definitely in the phase where we are making more investments than we are reaping the results of them. So, I think it is a cyclical effect, long-term I would expect that we would be able to -- like I think we will grow revenue into the OPEX that we are taking on. Not reduce OPEX against normal revenue. So, that’s sort of the view that we have that by treading in place of these VIP and networking spaces that we are going to be able to hold and grow without proportionally increasing OPEX the whole way.
Krish Sankar: Got it, got it. It is very helpful Greg. And then a quick follow-up on HBM. Can you give a little bit of bulk year opportunity in the market share that in the post stack dye cast [ph]?
Greg Smith: Okay, so on post stack dye cast that’s a market that Paradigm was not able to participate in. And how we were qualified by major supplier in the middle of this year. And so we had significant [Technical Difficulty] stack dye performance test in the second half of this year from one of the major HBM suppliers. We are in core [ph] an additional HBM supplier and that is something that we would expect to drive some revenue in 2025 depending on the success of that particular supplier to get shared. Now when it comes to wafer store, that’s really more aligned to sort of the traditional market share breakdown in the wafer storage space. So if you look at the -- this, there is a few important memory players. We have great DRAM wafer store share by one of the majors. We don’t have much [indiscernible] share at the biggest. And we have -- we are doing well in the Memory manufacturers that are in China. So, as they grow we will do well as well. So, I think wafer store is probably the share space in -- is going to stay about the same but we are going to be gaining share.
Krish Sankar: Thanks a lot Greg, very helpful.
Operator: Our final question comes from Gus Richard of Northland Capital. Please go ahead.
Gus Richard: Yeah, thanks for taking my question. I just want to ask about your expectations for complexity growth and mobile processors in next generation next year inclusion of more AI capability, perhaps integration of modem. Do you have any thoughts or any thoughts on what that might look like in 2025?
Greg Smith: Yeah, it is an interesting take. The devices that are going to ramp next year is at the Test Chip phase now and we expect that there is modest complexity increases and a lot of that complexity increases is associated with AI. Modems is a different story. We don’t see a trans towards additional modem integration. But we do see the opportunity for changes in supply chain [Technical Difficulty] begin to get modems from different sources than they get now. So, that is at play both in the iOS and the Android space. So, we don’t see modem integration but we do see sort shifts in terms of who is providing the modems.
Gus Richard: Great, that is super helpful. And then just touching on capacity utilization. You indicated it will rub sequentially and at this point if you could quantify that a bit more what was it in Q3, what you are thinking Q2, Q3, and Q4 how is that supposed to be utilization trended, can you quantify that?
Greg Smith: I wish I could but I can’t. So I can say that -- so we have the numbers and we use them internally and we don’t feel that they are well enough audited to use them externally in this way. The only thing that I can tell you is that it’s up a fair amount quarter-on-quarter, sort of mid- to high single digits range. But I don't really want to give absolute numbers because it's hard for us to do audit. And whether that continues in the fourth quarter, my expectation is that we will see significant continued increases in utilization in Q4, both because of normal seasonality and also because of the number of testers that we have upgrade kits to go from one market to another. Like someone is not going to upgrade a utilized tester to use it someplace else. They're going to upgrade an underutilized tester. So that's probably going to slide a bunch of testers from the unutilized column into the utilized column. So I think there's going to be additional improvement in utilization in Q4, but I can't give you a hard number.
Gus Richard: Got it, thanks so much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I will now hand over to Traci Tsuchiguchi for closing remarks.
Traci Tsuchiguchi: Thanks so much for joining us this morning. We look forward to speaking with many of you through the course of this quarter. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Q2 2024 Teradyne, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would like to turn the conference over to Traci Tsuchiguchi. Please go ahead ma'am.
Traci Tsuchiguchi: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our CEO, Greg Smith; and our CFO, Sanjay Mehta. Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for the second quarter of 2024 and our outlook for the third quarter of 2024. The press release containing our second quarter results was issued last evening. We are providing slides as well as the copy of this earnings script on the Investor page of the Teradyne website that may be helpful in following the discussion. Replays of this call will be available via the same page after the call ends. The matters we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We caution listeners not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements included in this presentation. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in slides accompanying this presentation as well as the risk factors described in our annual report on form 10-K filed with the SEC. Additionally, these forward-looking statements are made only as of today. During today's call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. We have posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures where available on the Investor page of our website. Looking ahead between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne expects to participate in technology and investor-focused investor conferences, hosted by KeyBanc, Evercore, Jefferies, Citigroup and Goldman Sachs. Following Greg and Sanjay's comments this morning, we'll open up the call for questions. This call is scheduled for one hour. Greg?
Greg Smith: Thank you, Traci. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Today, I will summarize our second quarter results and discuss the trends we are seeing in the semiconductor and Advanced Robotics industries. Then Sanjay will go into more depth about our second quarter results and forward looking guidance. At a high level the market dynamics that we identified in our April earnings call have continued through the second quarter. Cloud AI is driving strong demand across the SoC and memory test markets. We have accelerated engineering and sales investments to continue to improve our market position, drive share and increase our ability to deliver long-term sustainable growth. Outside of compute and memory, all other major test markets, including mobile, continue to be soft. Robotics has delivered on-plan results in a weak macro environment and we continue to expect incremental growth each quarter of this year. Focusing in on Q2, we delivered second quarter financial results above our revenue, gross margin and earnings guidance ranges. Memory and SoC delivered above our plan and showed strong performance in the quarter, primarily driven by AI applications. Continuing the trend we noted in the first quarter, Cloud AI demand drove compute revenue with considerable strength in networking devices. AI enabled data centers have a very high number of network connection points to support training large language models, which is changing the mix in this segment to include more networking silicon. Our historic strength in networking combined with shipments to support a vertically integrated producer or VIP resulted in compute revenue in the first half of 2024, exceeding all of our compute revenue in 2023. We currently expect that Teradyne's SoC revenue from the compute end market will be on par with mobile revenue this year. In memory AI driven HBM DRAM demand remains strong. We are now seeing AI driven servers pulling demand across a broader range of memory, including enterprise SSD NAND flash. We are also seeing memory demand for the mobile market with strength in LPDDR and continuing retooling to support the latest protocol based mobile flash memory technologies. As a result, our memory business has grown nearly 30% in the first half of 2024 compared to the first half of 2023. While we are not changing our estimated memory tam expectation for the year, we expect that the market is trending towards the upper end of our $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion forecast. Moving on to Q3, the positive impact of AI on test is expected to continue into the third quarter. However, a meaningful uptick in other end markets, including legacy auto and industrial, may not occur until the 2025 timeframe. As a result, at the company level for the full year, we continue to expect low single digit revenue growth from 2023. As a reminder, excluding the impact of the sale of DIS to Technoprobe, our 2024 revenue growth would have been a couple of percentage points higher. Now, turning to Robotics, despite a weak macro environment, our Advanced Robotics business grew sequentially from Q1 to Q2. Looking at the first half of 2024, we grew 11% compared to the first half of 2023. We estimate that traditional players in the automation space have seen sales actually decline in the range of 5% to 7% over the same period. We are executing a three-pronged growth strategy for our Advanced Robotics business; SAM expansion, channel transformation and recurring services and software. In the second quarter, we have made progress in all three areas.
MiR1200 Pallet Jack: Our highest priority in our Robotics go-to-market transformation is the development of an OEM solutions channel for UR. We have seen that customers purchasing cobot-based solutions from these partners get into production more quickly and have fewer problems than customers that build their own solutions or rely upon an integration partner. There are two aspects to the OEM Channel strategy. The first is signing up new OEM solution partners. In the first half of 2024, we have increased the total number of OEM solutions partners by 8%. Second, we work with these partners to get them to scale, which we define as having an annual revenue run rate above $1 million. Midway through the year we have nearly as many OEM solution partners that have reached that revenue level as we had in all of 2023. One of our largest revenue OEM partners in the first half of 2024 uses our cobots in an AI based logistics solution. Overall, the OEM solutions channel has shown over 70% growth from the first half of 2023 to the first half of 2024. In the second quarter, the OEM channel represented over 30% of UR's revenue. Finally, because of the criticality of the processes that our Robotics are being used to automate, we saw an opportunity to build a strong service business. In the first half of 2024 we launched managed service offerings at UR and MiR and are beginning to see customer uptake. On balance, the positive effect of these growth vectors and the challenging demand environment, we are expecting growth towards the low end of this year's target 10% to 20% range. Last quarter, I shared the idea that AI would be a transformational, secular growth driver across Teradyne's businesses. In the first half of 2024, we saw the considerable AI driven growth in memory, networking and ramps of vertically integrated producers. But we think that this is just the beginning. We believe that a larger opportunity lies ahead as inference applications and edge AI begins to permeate the mobile and industrial end markets, markets where Teradyne is traditionally strong. We are also already seeing the impact of AI on our Robotics business, with AI powered OEM solutions for UR and a strong backlog for our AI enabled pallet jack. We believe that we are well positioned as a leading platform for the development of AI based solutions for manufacturing and logistics. We are seeing AI driven growth now and we expect AI to be an overarching growth driver for years to come in test and in Robotics. With that, I'll turn the call over to Sanjay. Sanjay?
Sanjay Mehta: Thank you, Greg. Good morning everyone. Today I'll cover the financial summary of Q2, provide our Q3 outlook and planning assumptions for the full year. Now to Q2. Second quarter sales were $730 million, which was $5 million above the high end of our guidance with non-GAAP EPS of $0.86, which was above our high end guide of $0.84. Non-GAAP gross margins were 58.3%. This was above our guidance due to higher volumes and product mix. Non-GAAP operating profit was approximately 22%. Turning to our revenue breakdown in Q2, Semi test revenue for the quarter was $543 million, with SoC contributing $414 million and memory $129 million. Strength in SOC was driven by both compute and mobile. Memory test shipments were driven by technology tooling for new UFS 4.0 standard in mobility. While the broader auto industry remained sluggish, we benefited from a VIP with a large purchase in this segment, reflecting edge AI's impact on the auto market. In memory, we continue to expect DRAM to dominate the memory mix. We have significant backlog for HVM, enabling strength in the memory market driven by AI. We closed the sale of our device interface solutions business or DIS to Technoprobe on May 27. DIS contributed $16 million to our revenue in the quarter consistent with our expectations in System test group Q2 revenue was $61 million with $17 million in storage tests on low SLT and HDD demand. Recall SLT has high exposure to the smartphone market and even as HDD end markets begin to recover, tester utilization remains low. In Wireless Test revenue was $36 million in Q2, improving as expected due to gaming and the initial ramp of Wi-Fi 7. Now to Robotics. For the fourth quarter in a row we executed to our revenue plan in Robotics. Revenue was $90 million, up sequentially and increased 26% year-over-year. In the quarter, UR contributed $75 million and MiR contributed $16 million. Given the potential changes in the regulatory environment involving China, we thought it would be helpful to provide some insight into our revenue exposure in that region. Year-to-date, approximately 10% of our total company sales were shipped to China. This includes shipments to indigenous and multinational customers. Total sales to indigenous customers was less than 5% in the first half of 2024. This is consistent with the full year of 2023. Our team continues to service our customers in this market while complying with all regulations. Shifting to some cash metrics. At a company level, our free cash flow was $171 million in the quarter. Strong free cash flow in the quarter was primarily driven by earnings and net working capital improvements. We repurchased $8 million of shares in the quarter and paid $19 million in dividends. We ended the quarter with $584 million in cash and marketable securities. The completion of the Technoprobe transactions resulted in a net cash outlay of $434 million and resulted in a 10% equity stake in Technoprobe. Some other financial information in Q2. We had two 10% customers in the quarter. The tax rate, excluding discrete items for the quarter, was 14.25% on a GAAP basis and 15% on a non-GAAP basis. Now to our outlook for Q3. Q3 sales are expected to be between $680 million and $740 million, with non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.66 to $0.86 on 164 million diluted shares. GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.62 to $0.82. Some color on our Q3 revenue expectation. In our April call, our mid-guide for Q2 was $695 million, and we noted that the third quarter would be flattish. Our second quarter revenue came in higher than we forecasted on the heels of strong demand in our Semi Test business. Our third quarter revenue forecast of $710 million at the midpoint is now higher than it was 90 days ago. Third quarter gross margins are estimated at 58.5% to 59.5% and OpEx is expected to run at 38% to 40% of third quarter sales, up from Q2. As Greg discussed, we are acting on opportunities to accelerate investments that we believe will drive share and long-term sustainable growth. The non-GAAP operating profit rate at the midpoint of our third quarter guidance is 20%. Our total semiconductor ATE TAM estimates remain unchanged from our view in April. However, we made some slight adjustments within the segments. We have included a slide in the appendix of our earnings deck with this information. Recall our SoC TAM range is $3.6 billion to $4.2 billion with a midpoint of $3.9 billion. This is comprised of compute, which we now estimate to be $1.6 billion, up $100 million from our prior estimate. The increase in compute is offset by a reduction in our estimate for mobile, which is down $100 million to $800 million. We estimate auto MCU at $500 million, industrial at $300 million, and services at $700 million each at the midpoint of our range. Our estimated memory TAM range of $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion appears to be tracking towards the high end. Back to revenues. With our outperformance in the first half of the year, our expectation for revenue distribution for the full year is now less back half weighted than our view in April. We currently expect around 48% of the company's revenue to be in the first half and 52% in the second half. We expect full year revenue to grow in the low single digit range compared to 2023. Note that excluding the impact of the DIS divestiture, our full year revenue growth expectation would be nearly 3 points higher. Now to gross margins. Gross margins have improved through the course of the year and are expected to be at our full target gross margin model by the fourth quarter. Full year gross margins will likely be in the 58% to 59% range, unchanged from our prior outlook. Regarding OpEx for the full year, we expect full year 2024 OpEx to grow approximately 8%, which is above our prior guidance of 5% to 7% as we accelerate investment and opportunities to continue to strengthen our position and gain share. Turning to Robotics profitability. As Greg noted, we expect to grow revenue towards the low end of our 10% to 20% range. We expect Robotics will be roughly breakeven in 2024. Our GAAP and non-GAAP tax rate, excluding discrete items, are forecasted to be 14.25% and 15% respectively in 2024. With regard to capital allocation, we will continue to target our share buybacks in 2024 to an amount necessary to offset dilution from equity compensation and our employee share purchase program in order to build cash back up to $800 million. Summing up, we delivered sales and earnings above the high end of our guidance range as memory and compute revenue exceeded our plan in Semi Test. The mobile, industrial and legacy auto markets remained soft. Our Robotics team delivered sequential and year-over-year growth as we continue to execute our new product development and go-to-market strategies. Our company's first half performance gives us confidence that we are on track for the year. Our midterm fundamentals remain strong and we are investing to capture the opportunities beyond 2024. With that, I'll turn the call back to the operator to open the line up for questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from C.J. Muse of Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
C.J. Muse: Yes, good morning. Thank you for taking the question. I was hoping maybe you could speak to visibility and outlook into 2025, particularly around Semi Test, and would love to hear your thoughts around how you're seeing recovery in mobility, as well as on the memory side progress with securing that second potential customer in HBM.
Greg Smith: Hey CJ, this is Greg. Basically, we are pretty bullish on 2025. The Semi Test market in 2024, we're seeing strength in computing and we're also seeing fair amount of upgrade business where people are converting testers that were underutilized in mobile to use for compute and VIP applications, so that's soaking up some of the excess in that market. We expect that to really sort of accelerate business. As mobile returns in 2025, it won't have that capacity to grow into. On HBM, I think we continue to expect that we are going to make progress in two directions on HBM. One is that our share has primarily been in the pre-stack wafer test of HBM, and we believe that we're going to be gaining share in performance tests of the HBM memory after it's been stacked. And so we're hoping that we can expand both our market share within the account where we are participating in HBM and then also break into additional accounts for HBM and that would be more of a 2025 thing. So I think overall, our outlook for 2025 and into 2026 is in line with what we talked about in January.
C.J. Muse: Excellent. And I guess as a followup, could you update us where you are with VIP? I think you talked about one large auto customer in June. Can you kind of size that for the industry for this year, how you see that growing next year and what additional kind of customers or end markets, whatever color you can give us in terms of how to think about the trajectory of that business into 2025?
Greg Smith: Sure. So we, I think the way that we're looking at VIP is right now, because that growth has been happening at a time when there is a fair amount of capacity in OSATs to soak up. We're actually trying to keep track of the number of testers that are being used for these VIP customers. And right now it's hundreds of testers. There are currently hundreds of testers that are being used for VIP and we expect that to end. We have, I guess we should probably call it multiple VIP customers that are loading significant numbers of testers. We have additional VIPs where they've made plan of record decisions to put their parts on our testers and those parts are going to be released later in this year and into 2025. So we think that we'll probably exit this year with twice as many testers being used for these vertically integrated producers than we have right now.
C.J. Muse: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Arcuri of UBS. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Sanjay, can you help us handicap the guidance for the DIS sale? I know you said it contributed $16 million in June. I mean, if I run rate that out, it's probably a $20 million to $25 million number that we should effectively sort of adjust to September guidance for. Is that correct on like a run rate basis?
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. If I go back to 2023, it was about $100 million business. And $20 million to $25 million is roughly the number. And this quarter, with the sale occurring kind of end of the second month on May 27, it was $16 million. So I think that estimate you have is reasonable. And as I noted my prepared remarks, we expect growth year-over-year to be in the low single digits, but without DIS, you'd expect it, or that's a shortfall of roughly 3 points. So you would increase that by 3 points if there was no DIS in 2023 and 2024 from a growth perspective.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay, got it. And then, Greg, talking about next year, I mean, you guys have always talked about N2 being a big driver for the SoC TAM and I mean, we're seeing clear evidence that there's going to be a lot more N2. We're seeing upside pretty much everywhere for N2 wafer demand next year and the speed of the ramp. So I would think you're pretty optimistic about, I mean, sure, there's the mobility piece, but I would think you're pretty optimistic about next year because of N2. Can you speak specifically to the, you've kind of always talked about that as a big driver, and here it is. So can you talk about that?
Greg Smith: Sure, yes. So we tend to think of the process nodes not as, from our Business perspective, not as a driver, but as an enabler. So the 2 nanometer or Gate-All-Around, they're going to be enablers for higher device complexity. But the thing that really drives our Business is whether the end market is pulling for that complexity. And we're really optimistic that between cloud AI and especially for edge AI like in mobile, that that is going to be a major driver for companies to get into N2 even at a faster rate than they got into N3. So we think that it's a good thing that the capacity is being put in place for N2 because we think that it's going to be needed. In addition, the deployment of edge AI, it's really going to increase complexity of the application processors. It's also going to be pulling harder on the mobile part of the memory market. So we think that there's sort of a virtuous circle in terms of the capacity being put in place, the end market demand that's going to use that capacity, and then the pull effect on other parts of the market enabled by the features that are going into these products. So we think basically this is going to be a good demand driver really through the rest of this midterm, 2025, 2026, 2027.
Timothy Arcuri: Got it. Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Mehdi Hosseini of SIG. Please go ahead.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes, thanks for taking my question. I want to followup on your commentary that mobile SoC revenue in 2024 will be comparable to compute. I understand the diversification of customers and additional data center. But your assumption also is impacted by a weak mobile market. So, assuming that N2 and smartphone refresh in 2025 would help you with the mobile SoC. Should we also assume that the compute would also grow at the same rate? In other words, this equilibrium, would it sustain into next year?
Greg Smith: So that's a good question, Mehdi, because there's a little bit of subtlety to this. So you're right that one of the reasons that our mobile revenue and our compute revenue are going to be comparable in 2024 is because the mobile market is weak. But the other reason is, and I talked about this in my prepared remarks, that our compute revenue for the first half is bigger than all of our compute revenue for 2023 and we see good strength for compute in the second half of this year as well. So, like, things are going great in compute. Next year, we think that compute is going to remain strong, but the TAM sizes for compute are likely to be in the same range, maybe a little bit stronger than where they were. The mobile market really should come back pretty strongly, and so our mobile revenue will come back with that. So we anticipate that we'll have good revenue growth in compute, but it's very possible that mobile will outweigh it next year because of the strength of that recovery.
Mehdi Hosseini: Okay, thank you and then one followup for Sanjay. If Robotics business is going to be breakeven in 2024, then profitable next year, is the underlying assumption baked into your 2026 target or could there be an acceleration of profitability? I just want to see how the breakeven in 2024 for Robotics fit into your 2026 target. Thank you.
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. So, in 2024, we started the year with thinking that we'd be just a little bit above breakeven, low single digits. As we look to the year, and we see the range of 10% to 20% this year of growth, and we see that coming in more to the lower end of the range, we think that number is about breakeven. And in our earnings model, we had 20% to 30% growth. So with that incremental scale, we did build in a level of profitability in the outer years, and we still believe that that trajectory is going to occur as we move into the future.
Mehdi Hosseini: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Vivek Arya of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Greg, for next year, as you suggested, the turnaround in mobile seems to be kind of the biggest catalyst for Teradyne. So when we look at the TAM of about $800 million for this year, could you help us give some range for what recovery looks like? Are we talking 10%, 20%, 30%, 40%? Just can you help us have some broad range? And how much of this you think comes from mobile industry with faster unit growth? How much of this comes from more testing complexity? And then a kind of a small nuance question there is, your large customer could also have a change in their modem suppliers for at least some SKUs. Is that net positive, negative, neutral to your business?
Greg Smith: So let me take the second part of your question first, and then, actually, I'm going to tag team the first part with Sanjay because I want to work on sort of a history lesson perspective of the mobile TAM to try and bracket what we would see in 2025. But in terms of the modem supplier, for the our historically largest customer, a thing to remember is that whoever is supplying that modem is also likely supplying all of the ancillary devices associated with that modem. So there's a modem, there's power management, there's RF, and if that was to change, there's a lot of pluses and minuses. The thing that I will tell you is that they're all relatively small relative to the magnitude of the overall AP business. So if that was to change, I would expect it to be a slight positive for us, but I don't think it's a game changer kind of a thing. And so, on the mobile TAM, so Sanjay, could you just give us sort of the history of the mobile TAM, like over the past few years?
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. So, this year at the midpoint, as we've noted, $800 million, and last year we noted approximately $900 million, and in 2022, it was roughly $1.6 billion. It peaked our view in 2021 at approximately $2 billion.
Greg Smith: Okay, so take what I'm going to say with a grain of salt, because we are entering into our strategic planning process and haven't completed sort of an updated view of 2025. But the thing that I will tell you is that the mobile TAMs are unlikely to go as high as we saw during the COVID peak, but they're likely to be significantly stronger than what we're seeing in 2023 and 2024. So going in the middle of that range might not be a bad idea, but it's a pretty big range. Vivek, does that help at all?
Vivek Arya: Yes, extremely helpful. Thank you so much. And for my followup question on the Robotics business, you've taken the growth rate this year towards the lower end of the 10% to 20%. I think you mentioned some macro factors. If I look at, again a historical view, that segment continues to disappoint every year in terms of its growth rate. It's not really profitable. So I'm curious, at what point do you think it actually realizes the promise and anticipation? Is it a matter of scale? Is it a matter of channel? What will it take for it to actually achieve the growth rate that you anticipate for that business?
Greg Smith: That's a great question. So I think you are -- in terms of your hypothesis, you're hitting the nail on the head, that part of it is scale, part of it is channel. The thing that we are really -- we're actually really optimistic about our Robotics business right now, that the macro environment is really weak. Our automation peers are struggling with declining sales. We posted an 11% gain over the first half. And the thing that is encouraging to us is that that 11% gain is on the back of specific aspects of the strategy that we're executing. We were trying to expand our SAM [ph] by adding a high payload, high payload options for universal robots. And those robots are accounting for 20% of our sales in the quarter. We are trying to build additional channels, and our OEM channel grew by 70% year-on-year for the first half. We have additional irons in the fire to drive additional growth that have not yet paid off. And there are primarily other aspects of market expansion. So our Pallet Jack for the AMR business, additional products that are coming to market for UR as well. We have additional channels that we are building. We've been working for the last year and a half on building out a large accounts channel and we have significant pipeline for that, but we don't have significant revenue growth to see from it yet. And then finally, we think that there's a very significant revenue opportunity in service and recurring software. Right now, that's a vanishingly small part of our revenue in Robotics. But every business that has machinery in critical processes definitely needs to have a way to keep that stuff running. And we have an example in our semiconductor business, where service represents a significant portion of our overall revenue and we are trying to apply that same model of managed service plans in Robotics. And we're actually seeing good customer uptake, but not a lot of revenue yet. So we think that those three engines are going to be kicking in, in 2025, on top of growth that we're going to still get from the things that we've done in 2023 and 2024. So we're pretty optimistic that the end market is terrible, but we're actually doing what we said we were going to do in terms of the strategy.
Vivek Arya: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Krish Sankar - TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Krish Sankar: Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question. I have two of them. Greg, just first on clarification, you maintain your full year revenue guide of low single digits, but I remember compared to last quarter, you kind of increased the test revenue up modestly. So I'm just kind of curious, is this just a little bit of nuance that is within the margin of error or anything else happening over there?
Sanjay Mehta: Hi Chris, it's Sanjay. At a top level, you're right, we did guide the full year consistently with the first half a little bit stronger than we anticipated. And what's happening under the covers is Semi Test is up, but our other test businesses are down a little bit in the way of in storage it's tied to the global market and SLT and the HDD. As that market returns, there is still underutilized capacity. In our Defense and Aerospace business, we had some projects push out and our production board business we had, it's tied to the automotive slowdown. And so overall Semi Test is stronger and the other test is lower. And then we did move to the lower end of our Robotics range. So at a top level we're calling the same year, but Semi Test stronger, other tests a little weaker, and Robotics is at the low end of the range.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Very helpful, Sanjay. And then just a quick followup. You kind of mentioned strength in networking test. If you look at some of the GPU providers, clearly where [indiscernible] has a very strong position. Do you think this networking test opportunity can manifest itself into some share gains on the GPU side or you think that AI opportunity is more to the VIPs, not to the Semi device makers?
Greg Smith: I'm really, really glad you asked that question. So there are a couple of things going on in the compute space around this topic of cloud AI and building large capabilities to do training of large language models. So the first is obviously huge demand for GPU's. That's why people have seen Nvidia run up as much. They are providing an incredibly valuable engine for all of this. But if you look at an AI enabled server, there is a much larger number of high speed data links within a server rack than there is for a traditional server. And so in more traditional accelerated computing, we were seeing a ratio of, within a specific account, it might be 90% GPUs, 10% networking, that's trending more towards 20% or even higher. So there's definitely a tailwind there that is beneficial. The other is, as these models become more sophisticated and the players in this space are trying to differentiate between these large language models, they're each trying to gain an advantage through architecture and that's driving this VIP design trend that we're seeing. So we think that there's enough end market demand to drive growth for both sort of traditional GPU based AI models and also drive even faster growth for the VIP or homegrown silicon that is being built into these large server firms.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Thank you, Greg, very helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from Toshiya Hari of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, good morning. Thank you so much. Greg, you talked about strength in compute soaking up some of the idle capacity across the mobile space. I'm curious where test utilization rates are in mobile, across OSATs and your IDM customers, to the extent you've got some visibility. And then for auto and industrial as well, where are utilization rates generally today? And when you talk about a recovery in 2025, I know it's hard to predict, but at what point do you think utilization rates get to a point where customers resume purchases of testers?
Greg Smith: So, to answer the last part of your question first, I think we're very close to the point where the balance is going to tip back away from soaking up capacity to driving new system sales. The trends that we're seeing, third party data around test utilization are showing a good uptick, a little bit above sort of typical seasonality. Our own data is showing mixed utilization right now. We don't see a clear trend there, but we do have a fair amount of both systems that have already been converted and also upgrades that would be used as conversion kits. And so that is going to essentially occupy hundreds of testers that are underutilized now. So we are expecting utilization to tick up pretty strongly in the second half of this year, and for that to tip over to the point where it turns into real system demand. When you get to the IDM customers, especially in auto and industrial, there's an interesting, many of those customers are down significantly year-over-year from 2023 to 2024, but a lot of them are persisting in relatively aggressive capacity expansion plants. They see the same thing that we've been talking about in the automotive space, that there are going to be short-term fluctuations, but the crossover to EVs and hybrids is something that it's a question of like when, not if, that is going to happen and the amount of compute power in cars and other electronics in cars is going to continue to increase the attach rate of more chips per car shipped. So they have long-term plans to drive capacity and they have long-term plans for purchasing our equipment that we think is going to be important. So we are cautious about the current downturn that we're seeing in automotive, but we're really confident about the long-term potential in that space, especially parts of it where we have a ton of good share and great customer relationships like battery management, discrete in power and more and more importantly ADAS stuff. So right now I think the utilization in auto and industrial is down, but what the signals that we're hearing from those customers is that they expect that to be relatively short lived.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. That's really helpful. Thank you. And as a followup on the robotics side, your point about AI helping your UR business and the MiR business makes intuitive sense to me. I just have a hard time sort of thinking about the timing and sort of the magnitude of that kicking in. You mentioned backlog for your new MiR product being pretty significant into Q4. Maybe we start to see benefits there, but on the UR side, what kind of applications should we be looking out for as it pertains to AI helping that business? And again, at what point does sort of the contribution of AI start to really show up in numbers? Thank you.
Greg Smith: Okay, so there's a lot to unpack there, so let's get down to it. So the story for MiR is pretty simple, that take a robot, add AI capability, and suddenly you have a robot that works better. That's our basic hypothesis behind the pallet jack, is that we're going to be able to have a higher success rate picking pallets than competing solutions. And so far, the customer reception is that they think that those claims have some merit. So we have a pretty strong backlog for a product that we're going to start shipping in Q4 of this year. So that's pretty simple. For UR, the story is a lot more complex because what we're really doing is creating a platform for our solution providers to build AI based solutions on. And there's actually like four chunks of an AI based solution on UR. At the bottom, you have our robot and the software that controls our robot. And then on top of that, there's AI toolkits that can come from Nvidia or can come from other providers that really give the primitives that allow people to use AI capabilities to solve problems. Then on top of that, there's usually a solution builder. And so what that solution builder will do is they'll take our robot and that toolkit and they will build a solution to do something like heterogeneous bin picking or vision based inspection or welding, and then they will take that solution and they will market it to their end customers. So the key thing that differentiates the UR platform from other robots is its features as a platform. So the APIs that people can use, the features that they need in order to build these solutions for, and that's what makes us sticky, is that once a solution provider builds a solution around a specific toolkit in our robot, it's tough for them to move off. The thing about that model for UR is that it's a slower burnt. That it's an indirect AI drives our business indirectly because we're not building the AI solution, our solution providers are. So I'll tell you that we have AI based solutions in the market. Right now, our estimate is that high single digits of UR sales are going into AI based applications that are in the market right now. So that's sort of our baseline and we intend to grow from there. These solution providers, it can take a while from when they begin building their solution to when they see a commercial inflection and that's often in excess of a year. So we have a great pipeline of partners that are using AI right now to try and build solutions and we would expect that to deliver material revenue in 2025, but not in 2024. So sorry for going deep, but you kind of hit a nerve.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you for all the details.
Operator: The next question comes from Joe Moore of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Joseph Moore: Great, thank you. I wonder if you could talk about the HBM test in particular. I'm just curious, as we move from HBM3 to HBM3E and then later to HBM4, can you talk about how much S3 use there's going to be versus upgrade requirements?
Greg Smith: Okay. So on HBM, the primary difference from a test perspective, as you go from HBM3 to HBM3E to HBM4, is the data rates that are required in the performance test of the final HBM product and the capacity that's in place right now for HBM3, most of it, essentially all of it, is incapable of testing at the data rates required for HBM3E and HBM4. So the people that are building HBM3E are seeking additional capacity. They're essentially retooling to be able to test the HBM3E. Now, this is one of the areas where we believe we have an advantage that will allow us to gain share in HBM performance test, that we have a tester that is going to be effective for both HBM3E and HBM4. And so that essentially will give customers that adopt that solution longer asset life than if they were to adopt a competing solution. So we are pretty hopeful about our opportunity to gain share in HBM performance test and we're working on essentially benchmark competitions in multiple customers to try to prove that.
Joseph Moore: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Samik Chatterjee of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Please go ahead.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. I guess for the first one Greg, if I can go back to one of the comments that you made about the compute time for next year when you were comparing compute versus mobility and your expectations for next year. I'm just wondering, you said compute to be robust, but remain at these strong levels. We've seen the compute TAM go from, I think, 1.2 to 1.6 this year. Are you implying that we sort of 1.4 to 1.6? I'm sorry and are you implying you sort of hold around this 1.6 level or a similar increase that you're seeing this year. And what should we think about what's incorporated in that for the portion of the market that's sort of associated with the VIPs and growth outlook for them in 2025 in that number?
Greg Smith: So I think it'd probably be a good idea to do our TAM history lesson in compute as well, so really strong this year. Why don't we go back a couple of years and set that as context, and then we'll bracket kind of what we think we'll do in 2025. So, Sanjay, could you do that?
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. So let me give some more context. So 2019, the compute TAM, our view was about $600 million. Fast forward, we went to nearly double that in 2021, between $1.1 billion and $1.2 billion. And then in 2022, it went to $1.3 billion and as you noted, 2023 at approximately $1.4 billion and this year at the midpoint, our view is $1.6 billion.
Greg Smith: So as you look into 2025, we don't think that we would see mammoth increases to the compute TAM. It is between 2x and 3x larger than it was in 2019 at this point in time. And for sure, people are trying to add capacity all through the production chain, but it's coming off of a really high base. So looking forward into next year, I would probably be looking at where we are this year, plus or minus something, versus a much -- a lot of increase in the compute space. Now, you asked about VIPs. Right now, VIPs are towards the low end of a $100 million to $200 million range. It could trend towards the high end of that by the end of this year. We think that by the time we get out to 2026, VIPs will be about $500 million of the overall compute spend. So I think that's a pretty exciting chunk. That could be a quarter to a third of the compute TAM could be driven by VIPs.
Samik Chatterjee: Got it. And for my followup, I know you're reiterating your 2026 plan today, which still sort of implies a 20%, 25% CAGR for the next couple of years. I'm just trying to compare that with the exit run rate this year that you have in terms of growth. Even when I add back Technoprobe and the impact of that, it sort of is in that sort of 10% to 15% range. Can you help me just think about how to think about the impact that the underutilization and mobility is having on your revenue, just to think whether, how do you bridge the gap from this 10% to 15% in the back half to maintaining a 20%, 25% CAGR for the next couple of years?
Greg Smith: So I guess the best thing to say is that at the point in time, there are two things that are going on since we set our plan. One is that the amount of underutilized capacity was larger than we thought at the point that we built our plan. The other thing that's happened since we built our plan is that even in 2024, compute has strengthened by a couple $100 million that the sort of the underlying demand drivers in the market are stronger than we were forecasting. So when you balance the deeper hole of utilization and the stronger end market demand then I think our hypothesis for 2026 holds.
Sanjay Mehta: Maybe I'll just add a little bit. When we take a look at our model, as Greg noted earlier, mobility comes back. But let me remind also what he said. It doesn't come back to the peak levels, comes back to kind of a regular level, but mobility comes back. The trends in automotive, with more silicon going in, combustible engines, the conversion to EV and battery management systems is another tailwind and industrial comes back coupled with the compute. And I'll remind you that our Robotics business had a 20% to 30% growth in there as well. So that's kind of how you get there.
Samik Chatterjee: Yep. Thank you. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Chin of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Brian Chin: Hi there. Good morning. Thanks for letting us ask a few quick questions. Greg, may be just curious, in Q2, in compute and memory, which obviously drove a lot of that sequential strength, was there any shipment pull in from second half or 3Q?
Greg Smith: I'll actually let Sanjay answer that one.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes, Brian, we did see acceleration from Q3 into Q2. Customers were pulling. And that's in my view we have a full year view and Semi Test is a little bit stronger, as I noted earlier. Customers are pulling and the demand is there. And we see a fairly strong backlog going into Q3 with kind of low turns. So we're in a, I think from a compute and memory perspective, yes we did see some acceleration.
Brian Chin: Okay, great. That's helpful color. And then may be just thinking about the service and software opportunity in Robotics is small today. But just curious, can you sort of size up the active installed base of UR and mobile robots in the field and what their typical useful life is? And how big could service and software be as a percent of revenue by 2026?
Sanjay Mehta: Yes, so, rough numbers here, but we have on the order of 80,000 UR cobots out in the field, and probably on the order of 10,000 or more AMRs. The useful life of them is, we have cobots that were delivered before Teradyne bought Universal Robots that are still being used, but most of our customers will depreciate the asset over about a five-year period. So, I think if you're trying to model sort of installed base decay, it's not a bad idea to look at maybe a five to seven-year life. So, I think, and you're going at this exactly the same way that we're thinking about, that we look at the entire installed base, not just new equipment sales as our total available market service agreements. And we're also doing this service agreement build in alignment with the build out of our large account channel. So large accounts are the ones that are most likely to have large fleets and are most likely to see advantage from a managed service plan and that's another sort of aspect to the strategy that we're building out.
Brian Chin: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Atif Malik of Citi. Please go ahead.
Atif Malik: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions and thank you for providing the history lesson on the TAM on Slide 13. A quick one, the mobility weakness, fair to assume that is on the Android side?
Greg Smith: The mobility weakness is really both Android and iOS. If you look across the major suppliers for silicon for all of those ecosystems, it's generally pretty weak. Now, if you peel it back a little bit under the covers, there are some areas of the mobile space that have done better during this downturn than others. So one aspect of it is in image sensor, that the transition to, like 48 megapixel image sensors really put some pressure on the suppliers in that space, and they've added capacity both in iOS and Android land. The other is the improvements in wireless charging and other charging aspects that even now, when we've seen significant weakness in power and linear, we're still seeing some incremental demand as people always want their phones to charge faster. They want them to charge faster on wireless charging. So, we're seeing increased silicon content there. So it's been a little bit of a bright spot within that market. So, I think we've seen broad-based weakness in 2023 and continuing into 2024, and we expect to see relatively broad-based recovery in 2025.
Atif Malik: Great. As my followup for Sanjay, you've talked about full year gross margins 58% to 59%. And if you were to assume that the mobility and compute becomes larger at your large customer next year, all else being equal, like auto, industrial, how will that impact the gross margin profile for next year?
Sanjay Mehta: Yes, so we're happy with this year's gross margin performance kind of playing out as we expected. A little bit better though, in the first half, but 58% to 59% with continuous improvement. And I would say that, regarding next year, obviously, we'll provide a little bit more color in January. But the way I'd think about it is, we do expect revenues to grow, so we'll have a bit of a tailwind tied to volume. And it really depends in those segments you referred to as what specifically the customer is ordering. It depends on the configurations of the instruments. And so, I think, in my view, I think that we're exiting the year at our model. That's what we expect and look forward to giving you more of an update in January for 2025. But I would leave you with a higher volume level, it should help as tailwind.
Atif Malik: Good enough. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Barger of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Steve Barger: Hey, good morning. Thanks for stretching the call. Greg, you talked about all the growth opportunities for both test and robotics for 2025 and 2026, and I wanted to tie that back to the accelerated OpEx investments. Is that increased spend supporting everything we've talked about today or there are also new products you're planning on that add to the existing lineup?
Greg Smith: So, I will tell you that our OpEx acceleration is in both R&D and in our sales and marketing expenses. So you can infer from that that means that we're working on new products and we're working on building relationships with new customers and trying to capture. The key thing in semiconductors is that once customers make a platform decision, then it becomes very, very difficult to change their direction. And so we see a fleeting opportunity with all of the new VIPs to get in the door and influence that initial platform decision. So we're going to take those opportunities and we're going to make the investments to try to capture them while that share is available versus trying to move it after the cement sets. The one thing I will say is that the focus of our acceleration is really in our test business that we see that we have. We're confident in our strategy in Robotics, and we're confident for the OpEx plan that we put together. We saw no need to pour on more OpEx in our Robotics business. We're going to execute the plan that we set. But in the test business, especially in our semiconductor test business and in the system level test business, we saw an opportunity by accelerating our spend that we would be able to drive a better outcome long-term. So that's where that money's going.
Steve Barger: Understood. And just one last one. You said there's good customer uptake in industrials for services, but not a lot of revenue yet. Is that because the new customers are not taking all of what you offer or why is revenue not tracking uptake?
Greg Smith: So it is mainly because the rollout of those programs. We're trying to make sure that we can walk before we run when it comes to these service programs. So we have essentially piloted the programs in a relatively small region and we're seeing good results in that region, but we have not deployed the program worldwide because we have to build out the infrastructure to support it. So that's why I say that we haven't seen material uptake is just because it isn't globally deployed at this point.
Steve Barger: Does that happen in the back half of this year or more 2025 a global rollout?
Greg Smith: Oh, definitely 2025. So in the back half of this year, we're going to be -- and also the sales cycle time for the service business is it's not terribly long, but it's probably a couple of quarters because you have to establish the value for the managed service plan. So we have a lot of interest. We are talking to a lot of customers, but we haven't closed the deals yet, because I think some of it is that it needs to be incorporated into their 2025 budgets. So, I'm very hopeful that we'll see an inflection in service revenue in 2025. I don't think we'll see much in terms of revenue in 2024.
Steve Barger: Understood, thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Gus Richard of Northland Capital. Please come ahead.
Gus Richard: Yes, thanks for taking the question. I'm just curious, in terms of the jump balls with the vertically integrated producers, where's your win rate? How much of that business do you guys think you're picking up?
Greg Smith: So our win rate on sockets, when we started describing our plans in VIPs, we said that we were trying to make sure that we got at least sort of an even split of sockets. And right now in 2024, that's kind of how it's playing out, that we're getting our fair share of wins. The other way that we're looking at this is in terms of testers loaded. So we're not looking at it in terms of tester purchases because of the underutilization, but we are trying to count noses in terms of how many testers are being loaded by our customers versus testers being loaded by our competition's customers. And right now I would say that we are kind of 60/40 in favor of Teradyne in terms of testers loaded for VIP customers.
Gus Richard: Got it. That's helpful. And then the follow on is, thinking about your investment in Technoprobe, how is that helping your effort to expand your market share in these jump balls?
Greg Smith: So right now it's not having a significant effect. The key thing that we are trying to do in the joint development projects that we have with Technoprobe is to take on relatively hard problems that required collaboration between us and Technoprobe that unless we had a firm partnership, we'd be unwilling to take that risk on speculation. We have initiated those projects, but they do require technology development on both sides. So right now, what we said at the point in time when we announced the deal is that we thought this would have a low-single-digit, long-term effect on market share in the Semi Test space. We still think that that's true and we think that we're on track to achieve those gains.
Gus Richard: Yes. And just to be clear, are these the VIPs or the existing wins and losses that have already happened? Do you think it can increase your penetration in areas where decisions have already been made?
Greg Smith: So we haven't publicly announced sort of what segments of the market we are doing these joint development projects, because we think that we need to keep that relatively proprietary until we have demonstrated the success. But I will say that the key things that we believe are enabled by the projects that we're working on with Technoprobe are around devices that have very high power requirements and also devices that have very high parallelism. So the TPI probe technology is unlocking sort of the high end scalability of our test platforms in both SoC and memory. And we think that that's going to result in share gain by sort of opening up a place where both TPI and Teradyne are differentiated from their competition.
Gus Richard: Got it. Thank you, very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I will now hand over to Traci Tsuchiguchi for closing remarks. Thank you.
Traci Tsuchiguchi: Thank you all for joining us this morning. We look forward to seeing many of you through the course of the quarter and until then, have a great morning. Bye.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's event. Thank you for attending and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Q1 2024 Teradyne, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  
 It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Traci Tsuchiguchi, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you, Ms. Tsuchiguchi. You may begin. 
Traci Tsuchiguchi: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our CEO, Greg Smith; and our CFO, Sanjay Mehta. Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for the first quarter of 2024 and our outlook for the second quarter of 2024.  
 The press release containing our first quarter results was issued last evening. We are providing slides on the Investor page of our website that may be helpful in following the discussion. Replays of this call will be available via the same page after the call ends. 
 The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risks that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We caution listeners not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements included in this presentation. We encourage you to review the safe harbor statement contained in slides accompanying this presentation as well as the risk factors described in our annual report on the 10-K with the SEC.  
 Additionally, these forward-looking statements are made only as of today. During today's call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We have posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure where available on the Investor Relations page of our website. Looking ahead between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne expects to participate in technology or investor-focused investor conferences, hosted by JPMorgan, KeyBanc, Cowen, Bernstein and Stifel.  
 Following Greg and Sanjay's comments this morning, we'll open up the call for questions. This call is scheduled for 1 hour. Greg? 
Gregory Smith: Thanks, Traci. Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining us this morning. Today, I will summarize our first quarter results and discuss some of the trends in the semiconductor industry and robotics that we believe position Teradyne for long-term growth. It is useful to comprehend these longer-term growth drivers because the industries in which we operate are inherently cyclical. Sanjay will then provide greater financial detail on our first quarter results, our current outlook and additional financial information. 
 We delivered first quarter financial results above our revenue, gross margin and earnings guidance ranges. Memory and SOC delivered above our plan and showed strong performance in the quarter driven primarily by AI applications. The impact of AI on our business was seen in networking as well as in Edge AI applications like ADAS. Over 40% of our memory shipments in the first quarter were driven by AI applications.  
 As we expected, mobile continued to be soft in the first quarter. Our robotics business delivered to planned for the third consecutive quarter as their go-to-market execution continues to improve.  
 Moving on to Q2. The impact of AI on test demand we experienced in the first quarter is continuing into the second quarter, improving our outlook in memory and in compute. However, a meaningful upturn in mobile, legacy auto and industrial end markets may not occur until the 2025 time frame.  
 Looking ahead, within the semiconductor test market, we expect that the compute TAM, which includes networking in many vertically integrated producers to grow at a faster pace than previously expected. We now estimate the compute TAM in 2024 to be $1.5 billion, up from $1.4 billion. We have lowered our TAM estimates for auto, industrial and mobile markets as recovery in these end markets appears to be pushing out in time. With the combination of our stronger first half and limited visibility into the second half, our estimate of the 2024 SOC TAM remains unchanged at $3.6 billion to $4.2 billion.  
 In memory test, we are increasing our expectation TAM growth to $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion from our prior estimate of $1 billion to $1.1 billion, driven mainly by stronger demand for HBM, which we expect to grow 5x last year's level. As I'm sure you've noticed, our first quarter results and second quarter expectations are significantly above our view from January. For the full year, at the company level, we continue to expect low single-digit growth from 2023. 
 In January, we are expecting the year to be back half loaded with mobile driving that recovery. We also shared that lead times were decreasing and our visibility was limited. The sustained strength and new demand in AI-driven applications are boosting our business in the first half. However, we are being cautious on the second half on what looks like continued weakness in the mobile market. Our operations team is continuing to enable us to pursue short lead time opportunities, so it certainly feels as if there's more upside opportunity than downside risk.  
 Now turning to robotics. The first quarter is typically quite weak for our robotics business, and this year is no exception. We were very pleased to see the team deliver on plan and are expecting sequential growth in the second quarter. We are executing a plan which we expect to deliver 10% to 20% growth in 2024. This plan includes three elements: first is SAM expansion through new offerings. Second is growing our OEM solution provider in large account channels. Third is building increased recurring revenue through service and software offerings.  
 In the first quarter, we made good progress in all of these areas. We executed on new SAM expanding initiatives with the announcement of UR's collaboration with NVIDIA and the new MiR1200 pallet jack. We grew our UR OEM business 58% year-on-year, and we received the single largest order in the history of MiR from a strategic customer.  
 Zooming out, we see AI as the transformational secular growth driver across all of our businesses. AI applications are already having a profound impact on the test market, but we are in the very early days of the growth trend that will play out over the coming years. Today, the profit pool generated from AI is concentrated in the build-out of cloud AI capabilities, especially for training LLMs on huge data sets. 
 The hardware requirements for training are massive and include general purpose fine grain compute, high bandwidth memory, dense network interconnection, and mammoth amounts of power, all of which are driving our business today. However, these LLMs will only deliver a business impact when they're used to solve problems in the real world. In other words, through inference applications, both in the cloud and at the edge. 
 This is the key opportunity that is driving vertically integrated producers to develop their own devices and will materially affect the complexity of edge processors in automotive, industrial and mobile applications.  
 While our business is benefiting today from the considerable AI-driven growth in memory, networking and a few early ramps of vertically integrated producers, our greatest opportunity lies ahead as inference applications and edge AI accelerates because of our strong position with many of the leading providers of mobile and embedding computing in industrial and ADAS applications.  
 AI will also have a profound impact on the robotics industry. Teradyne Robotics is focused on collaborative applications, where robots need to work safely and efficiently in complex environments. AI provides an opportunity to more easily deploy robots that understand and adapt to their surroundings, making them more resilient and expanding the range of problems that they can address. With our layered approach to safety, high product quality and an open platform ecosystem, UR and MiR, are positioned as the preferred robotics platforms for the development of AI manufacturing and logistics solutions.  
 Last month, we announced a collaboration with NVIDIA to utilize their robotics stack on UR hardware and demonstrated the power of that collaboration at GTC with a visual inspection application. Also in the first quarter, we announced the MiR1200 pallet jack, a new AI-powered solution that uses 3D Vision to identify, pick up and deliver pallets even in dynamic and complex environments, making it a valuable resource for autonomous material handling in factories and warehouses.  
 Advanced robotics is just one of the many early examples of Edge AI applications positively impacting our business. Others include advanced driver assistance systems and AI capabilities being added to premium tier mobile handsets. Edge AI is becoming a material driver of TAM growth for Semi Test, but we're in very early days. We expect AI will be an overarching growth driver for years to come in test as a primary demand driver and in robotics as a key enabler of market growth. We're positioned to benefit from this megatrend, and we're investing R&D and field resources to capture this opportunity.  
 Summing up the quarter, we're off to a strong start with Q1 results and our outlook for Q2 well ahead of our view just 3 months ago. The strength and test is focused on cloud and edge AI applications, while other parts of the semiconductor industry work through inventory. Calling the end of these corrections is a challenge. So we're being cautious about our second half outlook. That said, our flexible operations model will enable us to serve upside demand. We expect that industrial, automotive and mobile will rebound from their current low levels and entirely new demand drivers like AI are already contributing to our Test business. The industry's increase in WFE spend in 2024 and 2025 will drive unit volume and device complexity growth, reinforcing our confidence in our midterm outlook.  
 And with that, I'll turn the call over to Sanjay. Sanjay? 
Sanjay Mehta: Thank you, Greg. Good morning, everyone. Today, I'll cover the financial summary of Q1, provide our Q2 outlook and full year planning assumptions. Now to Q1. First quarter sales were $600 million, which was $10 million above the high end of our guidance with non-GAAP EPS of $0.51, which was above the high end of our guidance of $0.38. Non-GAAP gross margins were 56.6%, above our guidance due to favorable product mix, higher volumes and improved operational efficiencies. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $251 million, both flat year-over-year and up slightly compared to our fourth quarter. Non-GAAP operating profit was approximately 15%. 
 Turning to our revenue breakdown in Q1. Semi Test revenue for the quarter was $412 million, with SOC revenue contributing $302 million and memory, $110 million. In memory, our sales were strongest in DRAM as AI-driven demand remains strong. Test for HBM is being prioritized by our customers, and we are seeing customers transition capital spending for testers away from flash to DRAM, in part due to HBM and the return of capacity adds and other DRAM test.  
 Historically, we've seen split between flash and DRAM markets be more balanced. In System Test group, Q1 revenue was $75 million, with $23 million in storage test on low SLT and HDD demand. Recall, SLT has high exposure to the smartphone market. And even as HDD end markets begin to recover, tester capacity utilization rates remain low. In Wireless Test, revenue was $25 million in Q1, reflecting continued weakness in PC and mobile markets. In Q2, we expect wireless test to improve due to gaming end market and are now beginning to see the ramp of WiFi 7.  
 Now to robotics. Revenue was $88 million as planned with UR contributing $68 million and MiR, $20 million. Shifting to some cash metrics. At a company level, our free cash flow was an outflow of $37 million in the quarter. We typically consume cash in the first quarter as we pay taxes and variable employee compensation. We repurchased $22 million of shares in the quarter and paid $18 million in dividends. We ended the quarter with $871 million in cash and marketable securities.  
 Some other financial information in Q1. We had one 10% customer in the quarter. The tax rate, excluding discrete items for the fourth quarter was 15% on a GAAP basis and 15.5% on a non-GAAP basis. In Q1, we incurred an FX loss on the fair value of the currency exchange hedge related to the expected investment in Technoprobe. This drove a larger than typical variance between our GAAP and non-GAAP earnings in the quarter.  
 Turning to our current operational environment. In Semi Test, supply lead times continue to decline as supply versus demand is more in line. Our lead times continue to hold at 1 to 2 quarters. However, in some cases, we have been able to service demand inside these lead times. As a result, our customers are moving back towards historical buying patterns with shorter lead times, thus yielding lower second half 2024 visibility consistent with the pre-pandemic environment. Robotics remains a quick turns business and our execution continues to deliver to these market conditions.  
 Now turning to our outlook for Q2. Q2 sales are expected to be between $665 million and $725 million with non-GAAP EPS in a range of $0.64 to $0.84 and 162 million diluted shares. The second quarter guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles and the anticipated gain on the expected sale of DIS, which is $0.29 in our GAAP forecast.  
 Some color around the forecasted increase to Q2 revenue versus our January view. The increase is driven by our Semi Test business where ADAS, compute networking and HBM demand has strengthened. As noted, this AI strength has continued into the second quarter and some orders initially scheduled for shipment in the third quarter have moved into the second quarter, improving our near-term outlook. Second quarter gross margins are estimated at 57% to 58%. OpEx is expected to run at 36% to 39% of second quarter sales, up modestly from Q1. Non-GAAP operating profit rate at the midpoint of our second quarter guidance is 20%.  
 A few points to assist you in modeling the rest of the year. I'll start with a few more details about the market estimates Greg provided. While our view of the SOC TAM is unchanged in total, under the cover, there are some puts and takes. Compute is up approximately $100 million, while mobile, auto and industrial are down a little over $100 million in aggregate. In anticipation of questions, let me provide the midpoint of our estimates by segment. Compute, $1.5 billion; mobile, $0.9 billion; auto MCU, $0.5 billion; Industrial, $0.3 billion; and service, $0.7 billion, summing up to $3.9 billion for SOC.  
 You'll notice the aggregate decline change has been allocated to the Industrial segment. Our memory estimate has increased $200 million with the midpoint of $1.25 billion. Please note, our final estimate for the 2023 SOC TAM is $4 billion, up $100 million in the Compute segment from our January view.  
 Back to revenue. We expect Q3 sales to be similar to Q2 and Q4 to improve from there. Note that our flattish sequential growth in Q3 does not assume any revenue from DIS. Excluding the impact of the anticipated divestiture, we would expect revenue to grow sequentially in Q3. Our expectation for revenue distribution for the full year is now less back half weighted than our view in January. We currently expect around 47% of the company revenue to be in the first half and 53% in the second half. We expect full year revenue to grow in the low single-digit range compared to 2023.  
 Now to gross margins. Gross margins are expected to continue to improve as we progress through the year and should be at our target gross margin model for the fourth quarter. Full year gross margins will likely be in the 58% to 59% range unchanged from our January outlook.  
 Regarding OpEx for the full year. We expect full year 2024 OpEx to grow 5% to 7%, consistent with prior guide as we continue to make engineering and go-to-market investments. Our GAAP and non-GAAP tax rate, excluding discrete items, are forecasted to be 15% to 15.5%, respectively, in 2024.  
 A quick update on our previously announced strategic partnership with Technoprobe. As a reminder, the agreement has several key components. First, Technoprobe will purchase Teradyne's DIS business, which provides advanced interfaces that connect our testers to customers' chips for test. Second, Teradyne will make an equity investment in Technoprobe, acquiring 10% of the company. Third, Teradyne and Technoprobe will work together on a series of projects to expand the performance of semiconductor device interfaces to enable customers to realize the full performance of our test systems. We continue to expect the transactions to close in the second quarter.  
 DIS revenue contribution for the first quarter was approximately $21 million. Post closing, our cash position will decline as the transaction is expected to consume an estimated $440 million of net cash. We will continue to limit our share buybacks in 2024 to an amount necessary to offset dilutions from equity compensation and our employee share purchase program in order to build cash back to a minimum goal of $800 million.  
 Summing up, we delivered sales and earnings above the high end of our guidance range as memory and networking exceeded our plan in Semi Test, mainly driven by AI. The mobile, industrial and legacy auto markets remain soft. Our robotics team delivered to plan for the third consecutive quarter, as we continue to execute our new product development and go-to-market strategies. Overall, visibility beyond the second quarter is limited, given the increased level of turns business in Semi Test. Our first quarter performance and the improvement in our second quarter outlook elevates our confidence for the year. Midterm fundamentals remain intact, yielding continued optimism beyond 2024.  
 With that, I'll turn the call back to Traci. Traci? 
Traci Tsuchiguchi: Thanks. We will go ahead with questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini with SIG. 
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes. Two follow-up. It seems to me that despite the fact that you highlighted mobile as an area of weakness, it had already been dialed into your January guide or commentary for the full year. Would that be fair? 
Sanjay Mehta: Yes, it would, Mehdi. 
Mehdi Hosseini: Okay. And this brings up what I want to really ask you. When I look at TSMC, they just announced their annual report, and obviously, Apple's mix of revenue went up. And I'm using that as a kind of trying to better understand the dynamics. So if TSMC is running or generating more revenues, that means more chips for that particular customer is coming out. And at some point, utilization rate for those testers are going to hit that 85%, 90% threshold. And I'm trying to look beyond the next couple of quarters.  
 Are you also thinking that at some point in the next 2 to 4 quarters, those utilization rates are going to get to the point where even if that particular customer of TSM were to continue with kind of bifurcation of their technology node, they would still have to come back to the market and buy more testers? 
Gregory Smith: Mehdi, this is Greg. I think you've got it right that utilization is continuing to increase. The equipment that is in place is being used quite efficiently through the year. So the loading is relatively constant. And we definitely believe that it's a matter of when, not if there's going to be a need for significant additional capacity to support that kind of product line. 
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. 
Vivek Arya: On the compute TAM, the $1.5 billion, I think that's up roughly 15% from last year. When I look at the size of the accelerator market this year, it's supposed to double. So is that one kind of high-level way to look at how much the accelerator market is growing versus how much your tester compute TAM is growing? Or is there a different way? So for example if, let's say, the accelerated market grows 30% next year, what does that imply for your compute TAM? 
Gregory Smith: Interesting question. Thinking about the TAM, that is the overall size of the market, so what we would get, what our competitor would get. And the size of the accelerator market has gone up a lot this year. Most of the testers to support this year's revenue in accelerators was put in place last year. So if the TAM that was supported last year supporting that sort of big growth that we've seen in the end market this year, what's going to happen this year, the $1.5 billion that we talked about is going to support a significant increase again next year. 
 And this year, the primary beneficiary in terms of that end market is NVIDIA. What we're seeing now is that we are having some vertically integrated producers start to have significant ramps and they're already loading significant numbers of testers. The TAM in 2024 for compute is actually a little bit constrained below what it would otherwise be because these new entrants are actually able to work with their OSAT partners and convert idle testers that would have been in mobile into the compute space.  
 So right now, the loading of compute testers is higher than it was than what you'd see in terms of the buys in the market. As mobile starts to come back, that means that there's less idle capacity to fill. It also means that the compute market is going to be translated into more direct buys. 
Sanjay Mehta: And if I could add just a quick comment. In my prepared remarks, we noted that the -- our estimate was revised for 2023 for the compute market. When I do the math of our midpoint of $1.5 billion in '24 versus our old, you do get a 15% increase, but we revised that in my prepared remarks, I noted to $1.4 billion. So I think the growth is 7% versus 15%. I just wanted to point that out. 
Vivek Arya: And just a quick follow-up. A number of your WFE peers have started to see the benefits of 2-nanometer and gate-all-around. I'm wondering what does that mean for Teradyne? When will you start to see those benefits? And what does that mean for tester intensity? I assume that's more '25 or '26. Any color around that would be very useful. 
Gregory Smith: Sure. So we are expecting to see some testers being used to support the engineering work in early parts in 2-nanometer probably towards the end of 2025. We don't expect any volume associated with 2-nanometer gate-all-around until 2026. And the way that we're looking at that right now is that there's nothing particularly idiosyncratic about that node in terms of tester demand.  
 So we're thinking of it primarily as an enabler to more complex parts. There are a lot of parts, for example, for cloud AI training that at this point are actually reticle limited, and so anything to allow increased complexity within the same die size is likely to be soaked up by AI. And so the faster that 2-nanometer comes online, the faster these more complex parts will be developed, and those will likely have longer test times, higher test intensity, which will drive the TAM. 
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. 
Toshiya Hari: I had one question on memory and another one on your VIP business. On the memory side, you guys talked about a $1.25 billion TAM for '24. I was hoping you could provide a rough split between DRAM and NAND, how you're viewing the market, what the contribution could be from HBM, and if you can speak to your competitive position, your market share position within HBM, that would be helpful. 
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. Why don't I take the numbers, and maybe the competitive position, Greg, if you want to take? So the range that we provided was $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion, with the midpoint of $1.25 billion. And we think from a DRAM perspective, it's roughly 80% of that versus flash of 20%. Historically, I would say DRAM has been in the 40% and 50% of the overall memory market. So that's roughly the split. And then HBM we think is -- yes, we think that number is about $500 million. It's going to work upwards, but we think that number is above $500 million out of the $1.25 billion. 
Gregory Smith: So in terms of competitive position, the share patterns that have existed for a few years are persisting. We have very high share in flash final test, we have strong share position in DRAM final test and we have a lower share position in both flat wafer sort and DRAM wafer sort. So what's happening in the memory market? Like last year, there was a lot of technology-driven buys that were pushing final test purchases. This year, the spark is coming back to the memory market, and that is driving the need for more capacity, and that is driving wafer sort purchases.  
 So there's no customer losses, but we are expecting to see our share come down a little bit this year as those wafer start capacity buys go in. Now the subtext underneath that is, HBM is a wafer-level technology, so all of the tests for HBM falls into that wafer sort space. And in HBM, last year, we had about 50% of the test TAM for HBM. This year, we're expecting that, that is going to come down modestly in terms of share. Our revenue is going to be up significantly, but the market is 5x bigger. So our share is probably going to float down a little bit as people begin to tool up next generation for the volume expansion in HBM.  
 At the same time, we think that our opportunities for share gain in terms of new test insertions for HBM are quite good. And so we're projecting that we're going to be penetrating new customers and new test steps for that this year. 
Toshiya Hari: Great. And then as my follow-up on the VIP side, we've all seen quite a few announcements from the Googles, the Amazons, the Metas of the world in terms of what they're working on. I'm curious when those announcements kind of translate into revenue for you guys. I know it takes time for those projects to ramp. But I think you have pretty good visibility as a test provider, you're probably pulled into those projects early. So is it a '25 dynamic, is it '26? And how should we think about that contribution as some of those projects ramp? 
Gregory Smith: Well, from a vertically integrated producer perspective, it really kind of started back in like 2022, 2023. In 2024, like right now, there are hundreds of testers that are being used to test VIP source parts for us. And probably a similar number from our competitor. So it has happened. The thing that hasn't happened because of the -- the low utilization driven by the mobile slowdown, that hasn't translated into as much new tester purchases as we would have expected in a stronger market. 
 But we have multiple VIP sockets that are loading more than 50 testers each, and we have a pipeline of new design starts that we are plan of record for that will stretch out all the way into 2026. So this is real. It's happening now, but the impact on our financial results has been muted by the low utilization because of the mobile downturn. 
Operator: Next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse with Cantor Fitzgerald. 
Christopher Muse: Yes. I guess first question, Greg, in your prepared remarks, you talked about cautiousness on the second half, though seeing better upside opportunity than downside risk. So I was hoping to dig deeper into that. If you could share what would be the end markets that could be upward [indiscernible] as we progress through the year. 
Gregory Smith: So we have limited visibility, so just bear in mind that I'm going into the realm of speculation here. The things that could drive a higher second half is the leading edge of some sort of a recovery in mobile. Right now, we have a pretty low baseline baked into our plan. So essentially any capacity shortfalls would immediately turn into business.  
 And then the other is, we've seen such a dramatic strengthening in the Compute segment with very short lead times in Q1. So that's what really drove our increased outlook for Q2. So we didn't see it coming. We had hints that it was coming. We thought it would be further out and smaller. It has come in bigger and faster than we expected. If that trend were to continue, then we'd see continued strengthening in the compute space, and that's another thing that could drive a second half up.  
 The other way to think about that is we don't really think that industrial and automotive is going to significantly strengthen in the year. That's more of a 2025 thing. 
Christopher Muse: Very helpful. As a follow-up, you talked briefly on Edge AI. And so I was curious to hear your thoughts on how you see that play out in the smartphone arena. It sounds like this is a year where everyone is trying to see what sticks and what use cases and then maybe next year is the year. Would love to hear whether you agree with that assessment? When you think the earliest we could see increased content to support Edge AI and smartphones? And how you see that playing out and impact Teradyne's test business? 
Gregory Smith: Yes. So that's a great question. We've been having very rich discussions internally about this to try and figure out when you consider a smartphone to be AI-enabled. And we're thinking about it in terms of the complexity of the processor that goes into the phone. There have been neural processing units and AI features in phones for years. But now, the AI opportunity, the edge AI opportunity is driving things towards pushing the amount of silicon area used for AI up towards like 50% or 1/3 of the silicon area going into that.  
 So those types of processors are just starting to hit the market now at the premium tier. And I think we've got about a year of people trying to figure out what kind of customer features will actually be compelling using that. And right now, there aren't that many of them. I think that, that's what's going to happen during the rest of 2024, that there's some premium smartphones and some people that are trying to innovate the things to do with them. I think the processer generation that's really going to start having enough power to do LLM stuff on a phone is probably the stuff that would ramp towards the end of 2025, and it would become much more mainstream in the generation of silicon coming out in '26. 
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan Chase. 
Samik Chatterjee: Maybe just to stick with the mobile ecosystem a bit. Any sort of change in your thinking about the primary smartphone customer there? I know you've said previously, it's less than 10% is what your expectation for this year is. Just checking in terms of how much of the sort of change in 2Q or sort of thinking about the back half, any changes in how you think about the cadence of purchases from the primary customer or any change in your overall taking for the year for that customer. 
Gregory Smith: I hope I caught all of your question. If I didn't, then please correct me. We don't comment about specific customers. I will share that we don't expect that our historically largest customer will be a 10% customer this year. I'll also share that we think that there is more of -- that we've gotten sort of the bottom dialed into our plan, that there's definitely more upside to downside in terms of the plan associated with mobile in general. 
Samik Chatterjee: Got it. And you got that question. So for my follow-up, if I can ask on robotics. Can you give us some sense of how you're thinking about first half versus second half there? And what's the -- right now, any updated thinking on profitability for the year for the business? How do you track in 1Q and sort of how you're thinking about the full year for robotics. 
Gregory Smith: So I'll start off with sort of a qualitative answer in terms of the drivers, but then I'll pass it off to Sanjay to give you more of the precise split first half, second half and the profitability. So what's going on right now is we have a plan for the year that's going to be essentially sequentially growing quarter by quarter. And the reason that the plan is laid out that way is because there are new growth drivers that are coming online throughout the year. There are drivers that are in place from last year in Q1, that's specifically the UR20 and UR30, the heavy payload cobots.  
 In Q1, we had the announcement of the MiR1200 pallet jack. That's going to start really impacting revenue in the back half, primarily in the fourth quarter, but we're already taking orders. We're building backlog for that product. We also announced the collaboration with NVIDIA. That's going to really drive business through our OEM solution channel. So we're going to be providing the platform tools to that channel, so that they can create stuff that goes to market. So that's stuff that will also be back half loaded.  
 The other thing that's driving through the year is we are continuing to build our OEM channel and our large accounts channel. So those are things that we started. We started OEMs back in '22, we started large accounts in '23, and they have a significant amount of gestation time before they deliver revenue. We're right at the point where OEMs are starting to really click. We talked about the 58% year-on-year increase in that space. I'm expecting to see growth above the aggregate growth for large accounts in 2024. So that's going to be a growth driver through the end of the year.  
 So with that, I'll pass it off to Sanjay to give you sort of the precise breakdowns. 
Sanjay Mehta: So roughly the first half of the year -- well, first, as Greg noted, we expect to grow sequentially in Q2, and we expect to grow throughout the year for the reasons Greg just noted. But in the first half, we have 42%-ish plus or minus, and then 58% in the back half of the year. We do expect to be profitable this year. I would say, over the year, and I would say that, that would be single-digit profitability. I will comment, I think you asked about Q1. We were not profitable just given the seasonality of the quarter. That should give you the context, I think that you asked. 
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar with TD Cohen. 
Sreekrishnan Sankarnarayanan: I had a couple of them. First one, on the memory side, how much of your memory revenues were from HBM in the March quarter. And I think Sanjay, you mentioned HBM revenues could grow 5x this year. I'm kind of curious, are you over-indexed to 1 customer, because my understanding is of the 3 HBM customers, 1 of them in sources, and within other 2, can you just talk a little bit about your share position there? Then I have a follow-up. 
Sanjay Mehta: I'll take the first one on the memory in the quarter. Yes. So I want to say roughly about 45% of the memory revenue that we had was tied in the first quarter to HBM. 
Gregory Smith: Yes. So Krish, one quick comment. The 5x comment about HBM was referring to the market size for HBM memory. So last year was about $100 million of TAM for HBM. This year, we think it's about $500 million worth of TAM for HBM. Our revenue is not going to go up by a factor of 5. It's going to go up. It's going to go up significantly. But we're not going to be able to hold sort of the 50-ish percent share of HBM that we had last year. 
 Are we over indexed to one customer? Well, the entire world is significantly over-indexed to one supplier in HBM. And that certainly has been driving our results to a great degree, both last year and will continue to drive our results this year. The other suppliers that are coming online. One of them is primarily internally based for test. We don't have any of that baked into our plan, although we think that they would be better off using our equipment, we haven't convinced them of that yet. And the other supplier in this space is a great customer of ours, although our share there is lower than our share in the leader in this space right now. So that's another reason that we expect to dilute our share a little bit this year.  
 The other point that I'll make is I was saying that we like our chances in terms of getting into new insertions for HBM memory this year. I think that, that's an important point. And we are hopeful that, that's going to be delivering significantly higher revenue for us through the midterm. 
Sreekrishnan Sankarnarayanan: Very helpful, very helpful. And then just a quick follow-up. You spoke about your revenue trajectory for the year. You said September should be similar to June and then growth in 4Q. I was just curious because that seems to be against normal seasonality. So what's the deviation this year? 
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. Interesting question. I'd say that I remember several years back when we talked about we were going into a downturn and that downturn was 4 to 6 quarters, and the downturn has gone a lot longer in the way of mobility. And as Greg noted, we believe that our forecast considers mobility at a point where we feel comfortable that it's going to be achieved. And so I think as things pick back up, the historical seasonality, I put it in the context of some segments are going to be recovering and we have some new segments that are -- or some segments that are growing fairly well. So I think the seasonality comment with regards to the test perspective, or test portfolio of businesses we have. It's a little bit off this year. 
Gregory Smith: This is Greg. Just one additional bit of color. If you think about the seasonality pattern that we developed really for a decade, 2010 through 2021, that seasonality, if you looked at all of our segments with the exception of mobile, there wasn't a really marked seasonality. Like those automotive, compute, industrial, they kind of chugged along. The seasonality was really driven by the mobile TAM, and that was driven by consumer buying behavior, right, that you needed to have things for the holiday season and for Lunar New Year. All of that inventory needed to be built up. And so there was a concentration of capacity that would go in, in Q2 and Q3, with mobile not driving right now, the seasonality is very, very muted. So I would expect to see that the seasonality will return once the mobile market is stronger, but I don't think you can use normal patterns to predict the way things will look in '24. 
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. 
Joseph Moore: I wonder if you could talk to the smartphone issues that you just mentioned. Away from your biggest customer, you sort of saw the smartphone suppliers reduce balance sheet inventory by 15, 20 days in Q4. And they talked about doing that again in Q1. So I would expect you to have low visibility, but shouldn't you get some recovery as they stop depleting that much inventory? Is there any kind of nuance in terms of how much of that inventory has been tested already in die bank, things like that. But shouldn't we have some optimism that this is going to get better. 
Gregory Smith: Well, I think we certainly have optimism that it can get better. And that's basically because we've dialed in the bottom. And the way we do this is we typically will look at tester utilization numbers. And frankly, those numbers are all over the map. Some indicators show that capacity is tightening. Other indicators are showing that it's relatively -- utilization is tightening. Others show that it's relatively flat. Our qualitative checks, when we are talking to people in the ecosystem, they are telling us that capacity -- that utilization is getting tighter and it's forecast to go up from there. 
 So the thing that, that hasn't done is it hasn't turned into firm forecast for additional business. And there is a fair amount of -- I think the lack of visibility that we see, it runs all the way through the supply chain that people are wondering what's going to happen. People are wondering how well handset sales will recover? And I think it's really going to come down to the way that the holiday season demand is shaping up. That's the thing that's going to be the lever that either turns on some additional spot buys or we'll have people waiting until 2025. 
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Brian Chin with Stifel. 
Brian Chin: Just to clarify, maybe firstly, was the third quarter pull-in, was that for AI, for compute, or for memory, or for both? And just to be clear, your share of the $200 million memory TAM increase, should we think about that being closer to, say, 40% if the emphasis is on wafer sort. And kind of sorry one more part to this. But I didn't catch this earlier, but if HBM demand is biased to a single customer, do you expect memory sales to be lumpy this year kind of from a quarterly perspective? 
Sanjay Mehta: Yes, I'll take the kind of the Q3 to Q2. It was, I'd say, mainly in compute and some ADAS that was accelerated and -- just looking up something. 
Gregory Smith: Yes. So in terms of the TAM increase, we moved the TAM up by $200 million. And I think -- I think your guess of $40 million is a bit low. I think we'll be up a bit more than -- we'll get a larger chunk of that up than that, probably in line with our historical share level, kind of 35% to 40% of that TAM increase should probably go to us. In terms of lumpy sales, no, I think actually the memory business is driving -- we have deliveries that will be stretching out through the year. And I think the demand is relatively steady and potentially increasing. So I think on a quarterly basis, we don't expect a lot of memory variation. 
Brian Chin: Okay. That's helpful. And then switching gears to robotics. It seems like your omnichannel and new product focus is driving a lot of this improved momentum in that business. But can you also just touch on the broader environment you're seeing in robotics, and where, if any, you see sort of macro like headwinds or tailwinds? And last part of that, what vertical or application was that customer that placed the record MiR order? And did that include any of the MiR1200s? 
Gregory Smith: Okay. So in terms of the macro environment, it's pretty weak. I mean it was weak throughout 2023, and we don't see a significant improvement right now in terms of the end market conditions. If you look at PMIs, some regions are clicking up slightly, but we haven't really seen that turned into like a hot market. Having said that, we're in a part of the robotics market that is very, very low penetration. And so we are not -- we have seen our business results vary with the macro conditions, and we think that, that is indicative of the -- that was one of the things that drove us to go and make the changes in terms of adding new products and driving channel development, because we think we're 5% of the way into something that could be huge.  
 And if that's the case, then we should be somewhat immune to these cycles. But we've been looking at like industrial robot competitors and their results this quarter have been pretty meager. Like especially if you look at their incoming order rates, which is more comparable, they have long lead times. We have short lead times. So it's better for us to compare their orders to our orders. We feel like we are doing far better than they are in these end market conditions. But we're really focused on kind of controlling our own destiny by finding the things that need support even when the end market is [indiscernible].  
 One thing that I'll say is looking at other sort of industrial analyst notes and talking to people in that space, they are expecting improved strength like they think that things are going to get better, not worse. So I'm optimistic that we're going to have some macro tailwinds in addition to the plan that we baked, that's kind of counting on things staying around where they are. 
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Gus Richard with Northland Capital. 
Auguste Richard: Congratulations on the results. On the Industrial Automation, you've got a partnership with NVIDIA on AI. And sort of one on the limiters to penetration is the lack of a VAR channel, having to have to work with people to implement this stuff. Does multimodal AI or AI in general sort of simplify the implementation? Can you simplify the programming and implementation of robotics with that infusion of AI? 
Gregory Smith: Yes. So for sure, the great thing about AI, there are two primary benefits to AI. One is that it's far easier to design a solution that is able to deal with variation, whether it's part variation or location variation or other uncertainties that exist in normal manufacturing environments, the solutions end up being far more resilient. So that means that more people would be willing to adopt them. 
 People don't want to put fragile things into production and AI will help make things more robust. The simplicity of developing things is definitely a huge benefit of AI. So the demonstration that we did at GTC was a pretty sophisticated visual inspection application. And because we were leveraging a really powerful AI stack from NVIDIA, we were able to put that together in less than 2 weeks. It was a very fast turnaround to be able to build that solution. And we expect that both customers and customers and especially solution providers are going to be able to leverage that and create solutions to categories of problems that will help drive growth. 
Auguste Richard: Got it. And then on the semi test side, you've got sort of -- it's going to be a while before we get to 2 nanometers, yields at 3. I don't think we're that great. And the AI accelerators are reticle limited. How are you seeing the expansion of use of chiplets sort of beyond AI accelerators and servers and FPGAs. Is that beginning to broaden out? 
Gregory Smith: Not really. Well, one thing is that most of the advanced packaging capacity in the world has been consumed by the people who are doing cloud AI, high-performance computing. So there's more demand than there is supply for it. So I think that's limiting it to the markets that are willing to pay the most for the ability to do it. I think that it's possible that chiplet technology will migrate out of high-performance computing potentially -- I mean it could potentially migrate into some mobile applications. I think that's going to be a relatively slow process because the price points are very, very different.  
 And then I think for industrial and automotive AI applications, it's likely to be a long time before you see chiplet technology in there because of the reliability and temperature range questions. It's a much more challenging environment to try and put packages. But that's kind of my view. I think that there are people that have a more aggressive view in terms of where chiplets will go. 
Operator: We have time for one last question. The next question comes from the line of Steve Barger with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Steve Barger: I'll be quick. Greg, you said share gain opportunities in HBM are good. Is that primarily due to you having capacity to support a fast-growing addressable market, or is there something unique in your current or future testers that will make you a supplier of choice for some variations of HBM? 
Gregory Smith: I think it's definitely the latter. So we believe we have a differentiated solution, both in terms of ability to support data rates out through HBM 4 and also in terms of being able to use same platform across multiple insertions. So we think that we have an ability to deliver more cost-effective performance test of HBM, and we believe that we're going to make some progress there. 
Steve Barger: Understood. And for the large account channel in robotics, you said there's a gestation time before revenue. Was this largest ever MiR order a function of work prior done to the pivot? Or did it come after? And then to your point about being more immune to cycles, is that just because large accounts are more likely to invest through cycles and are less swayed by near-term conditions? 
Gregory Smith: Yes. So let me take the large account question first. And I need to apologize to Brian because I didn't answer his question before. So the largest order that we've ever gotten from MiR, it came from an automotive customer. And it is also our historically largest customer for MiR. By no coincidence, it's also a significantly large customer for UR. So we have been selling them robots for a long time. The one thing that has happened since we established our large account effort is that we've been applying many of the strategic account management techniques that we've been using for decades in semiconductor test towards addressing those accounts and really organizing ourselves around the way that those large accounts acquire new equipment and also how to take care of the equipment that they have. So I think it's certainly an account that predated that effort, but I think our ability to serve that account has improved with this effort. 
Steve Barger: And then just about being more immune to cycles, is that because large accounts will invest through cycles? And so that pivot will make you less cyclical yourself? 
Gregory Smith: I think actually, the large accounts may be the segment that has -- that will continue to be sensitive to end market conditions, because large accounts will work off of budgets. And if they don't provide budgets for automation, then those purchases won't happen. The thing that we're really trying to do is make sure that we are adding enough new opportunities to drive growth even if end market conditions are weak.  
 So a key part of this is being able to find and serve customers that have these problems. We have 95% of this market that is as yet unserved. So there is plenty of opportunity. And the key thing that we're trying to do is to pick our shots, pick the specific industry verticals and the specific applications that are likely to be driving growth independent of the aggregate macro conditions. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the floor over to Traci Tsuchiguchi for closing comments. 
Traci Tsuchiguchi: Great. Thank you all for joining us this morning for our first quarter earnings call. We look forward to being in touch with you all through the course of the quarter. Thank you. Good day. 
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-31 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to Teradyne’s Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] Please note this conference is being recorded. At this time, I’ll now turn the conference over to Andy Blanchard, Vice President, Corporate Communications. Mr. Blanchard, you may begin.
Andy Blanchard: Good morning, everyone and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne’s most recent financial results. I am joined this morning by our CEO, Greg Smith; and our CFO, Sanjay Mehta. Following our opening remarks, we will provide details of our performance for 2023’s fourth quarter and full year, along with our outlook for the first quarter of 2024. The press release containing our fourth quarter results was issued last evening. We are providing slides on the Investor page of the website that maybe helpful to you in following the discussion. Replays of this call will be available via the same page after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne’s results to differ materially from management’s current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release as well as our most recent SEC filings. And additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today’s call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We have posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, where available on the Investor page of our website. Looking ahead between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne expects to participate in technology or industrial-focused investor conferences hosted by Wolfe Research, Citi, Susquehanna and Morgan Stanley. Now, let’s get on with the rest of the agenda. First, Greg will comment on our recent results and the market conditions as we enter the new year. Sanjay will then offer more details on our quarterly results, along with our guidance for the first quarter. We’ll then answer your questions and this call is scheduled for 1 hour. Greg?
Greg Smith: Hello, everyone and thanks for joining us this morning. Today, I will summarize our fourth quarter and full year 2023 results, comment on our early view of 2024 and describe the market assumptions underpinning our updated midterm earnings model. Sanjay will then provide financial details on all of these topics. We delivered Q4 financial results in line with our guidance. The clear highlights for the quarter were the – were Memory Test, where DRAM tester revenue more than doubled from Q4 2022 on HBM demand and our Robotics team’s execution in growing sales, 17% from Q4 2022 and 50% sequentially, as we ramp shipments to address the record backlog of our new UR20 Cobot at Universal Robots. Balancing these strengths in Memory and Robotics was continued softness in our other test markets. Shifting now to the full year, 2023 was the second consecutive year that the size of the semiconductor test market declined, as the industry digested record shipments in 2020 and 2021, driven by COVID-related demand. The SOC test market has declined 21% from 2021 and the mobility portion has contracted 55% over the same period. Most of that decline occurred in 2023, with SOC demand down 17% year-on-year. Mobility has historically been the largest sub-segment of the SOC market and an area of strength for us in semiconductor test and in wireless test. Despite the weakness in demand, the trend towards vertically integrated producers is continuing. This new class of customer provides an opportunity for Teradyne to gain share in high-performance computing, a segment where we have historically had low share. These customers will take time to ramp. And so we are focusing on capturing sockets. On that front, 2023 was a great year for us, capturing the majority of key VIP sockets, where we targeted at customers in the United States and in China. Although automotive was strong for most of 2023, at the end of the year, elevated inventories for our automotive customers began to slow down the rate at which they add test capacity. Our latest estimate of the Semi Test market for 2023 is about $4.8 billion, with $3.9 billion in SOC and $900 million in Memory Test. Our 2023 financial results reflected the test market weakness and when combined with a tepid robotics market, company sales were $2.676 billion, down about 15% and non-GAAP earnings of $2.93 were down 31% from 2022. As we enter 2024, let me describe how we are looking at the current market. Visibility is limited, but we are cautiously optimistic. In SOC test, chip inventories remain high and subcon tester utilization remains in the 70s. These combined to create a headwind to tester demand in the first half of 2024. The inventory overhang now extends to parts of the legacy automotive market, which began to soften late in Q4. With this softening of demand, lead times for our SOC testers are now back to pre-COVID levels, generally less than 16 weeks. This enables customers to wait to place new orders until their demand is certain, limiting our visibility. Our current view is that these headwinds will abate midyear and we are planning for a second – a stronger second half in SOC test. Several leading indicators point to a second half improvement. For example, we have seen no slowdown in chip development activity at our customers, so the product pipeline remains healthy. While still below normal seasonality, utilization levels are beginning to inch upwards, especially in the OSATs, which points towards improving mobility and compute demand. Mobile phones are expected to adopt AI capabilities in the premium tier in 2024 and more broadly in 2025, which should accelerate complexity and be a positive for test demand. Despite the slowdown we are seeing now in automotive demand, the key driver for this market is the increased electronics content per vehicle, not end vehicle sales. Automotive semi devices are forecast to grow an 11% CAGR through the mid-term and device – this and the vast complexity is increasing. Therefore, we expect this law will be short-lived. In Memory Test, the story for 2023 is that despite high end market inventories, demand for new testers was driven by the retooling required to test higher speed flash and DRAM devices especially HBM DRAM. This drove our memory share to a record 43% in 2023. In 2024, we expect continued Memory revenue growth driven by the volume production ramps of the technology introductions we saw in 2023 and continued R&D investments for even faster devices. As business conditions improve for Memory makers, this may drive increased demand to support capacity expansion. Shifting now to other test markets. Wireless test demand is expected to remain at current levels in 2024 due to weakness in the networking equipment demand and excess capacity in smartphone test. In System Test, we expect continued strength in Defense and Aerospace markets and expect modest growth in demand and production board test. We expect storage test will remain weak in 2024, due to excess test capacity in the HDD and SLT test markets. Having said that, in 2023, we added important new SLT customers in mobility and high-performance computing that are setting us up for mid-term growth. Shifting to Robotics. We had a very strong Q4 as our UR20 ramp continued and we launched the new UR30 late in the quarter. Looking at Robotics for the full year 2023. In addition to the good progress on the new product front, our channel transformation work continued nicely with our OEM sales growing nearly 10%, as we added more than 50 new OEM partners. We have also expanded the number of large accounts we manage directly from approximately 100 to over 250. We expect Q1 of 2024 to be down more than the normal seasonal dip, as the extraordinary Q4 shipments are digested. Thereafter, we expect quarterly year-on-year growth through the rest of 2024. Combining all these points and with the provisor that our view into the second half is limited, we are modeling 2024 company revenue to be roughly flat year-on-year with 44% in the first half and 56% in the second half. Within that, we expect lower test revenue in 2024, which reflects the sale of our DIS business, reducing our full year semiconductor test revenue by approximately $100 million. Excluding the effects of that sale, expected test revenue would have been about flat in a roughly flat market. In Semi Test, our early estimate of the SOC market size for 2024 is $3.6 billion to $4.2 billion. And our estimate for Memory is $1 billion to $1.1 billion, for a combined Semiconductor Test market at the midpoint of $4.95 billion. We expect Robotics will grow in the 10% to 20% range in 2024. Turning now to our mid-term models. Despite the longer-than-expected downturn in the Mobile Test market and the softness in Robotics and demand, we remain optimistic about the long-term potential of our test and robotics businesses. This is shown in the update to our mid-term earnings model. At the midpoint in 2026, we expect to deliver earnings per share at over 2x the 2023 level and a revenue growth of nearly 60%. As we have noted in past calls, the key drivers of that growth include process node advances to 3-nanometer, 2-nanometer, gate all around and backside power delivery. These are all on track or even accelerating and they enable higher transistor counts, higher complexity and that drives longer test times. Good progress in the emerging VIP space with key wins at design-in targets and high share at two of the three leading ASIC design houses, all of which drive future revenue. Advanced packaging, including chiplet technology, which requires higher test intensity at the wafer level, driving longer test times. Compelling applications of Edge AI for ADAS and smartphone co-pilots that are driving demand for more processing power, more memory and wider bandwidth communications. All of these factors accelerate test demand. There is an aggressive roadmap for increases in memory interface speeds in DRAM HBM, and Flash that will continue to drive technology-driven retooling in the Memory market. And finally, in Robotics, we are still at less than 5% market penetration. And we are confident that our channel strategy will unlock the long-term growth potential of this market. In addition, the application of AI is expanding the range of tasks that our robots can serve, while our new products will expand our served market and decrease the effort required for customers to automate. At the company level, compared to last year, our growth outlook has shifted to the right, but the slope of expected growth is largely unchanged. The duration of the downturn in mobile demand has been longer than we expected and the softness in the industrial automation market that we and our peers have seen has really impacted our expectations of growth in Robotics for 2023. Sanjay will provide more financial details of the model. As we look at our results for 2023 and the outlook for 2024, we are focused on improving gross margins and maintaining tight financial discipline, while making the necessary R&D and customer-facing investments required to capture the long-term growth potential in both the test and robotics markets. To maintain that financial discipline, we will be looking to see signs of top line growth before allowing OpEx to materially increase. We operate our business with mid-term plans that track long-term historical trends and the future demand drivers in each of our businesses rather than trying to predict short-term cycles. In any given year, results will land above or below that trend, but that trend line has provided a reliable baseline for planning. As expected, 2023 was below trend line, but the underlying demand drivers remain in place and we are executing our plans to capture that future demand. We are excited about the opportunities ahead and we have deep confidence in our team’s ability to capture those opportunities. With that, I will turn things over to Sanjay. Sanjay?
Sanjay Mehta: Thank you, Greg. Good morning, everyone. Today, I’ll cover the financial summary of Q4, the full year 2023, provide our Q1 outlook, some planning guidance for full year 2024, review our updated earnings model and outline our capital allocation plan. Now to Q4. Fourth quarter sales were $671 million, with non-GAAP EPS of $0.79, both in line with our guidance. Semi Test revenue of $431 million at SOC revenue of $327 million, with high memory shipments of $104 million, as Greg noted in his highlights. System Test group had revenue of $86 million, down 14% from Q4 ‘22. Growth in Defense and Aerospace was offset by weakness in storage test and production board test. LifePoint revenue of $25 million was weaker year-over-year due to continued weakness in cellular, PC markets. Robotics revenue of $129 million was up 17% from the fourth quarter of last year and up 50% sequentially on seasonally high demand and the impact of UR20 and UR30 new product shipments. Non-GAAP gross margin was 56.6% in the middle of our guidance range and non-GAAP operating expenses were $245 million in Q4, up $2 million from Q3 ‘23. Non-GAAP operating profit rate was 20.1%. Some other financial facts. We had one 10% customer in the quarter. Tax rate, excluding discrete items for the quarter was 12.6% on a non-GAAP basis and lower than planned because of geographic mix. GAAP tax rate was 14% in Q4, excluding discrete items. We repurchased $51 million of shares in the quarter. Turning to the full year results. We had revenue of $2.676 billion. Texas Instruments was the only customer greater 10% of our revenue for the year. Gross margin for the year was 57.4%. OpEx was $990 million and operating profit was 20.4%. Non-GAAP EPS was $2.93. We generated $426 million in free cash flow in 2023. We returned $468 million or 110% of free cash flow to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. We ended the year with $937 million of cash and marketable securities. Our tax rate for the full year, excluding discrete items, was 15.5% on a non-GAAP basis and 15.25% on a GAAP basis. Semi Test revenue for the year was approximately $1.8 billion, with SOC revenue contributing $1.43 billion and Memory $386 million. Our SOC sales contracted 16% in 2023, in line with the continued mobility market weakness, partially offset by strength in auto and industrial. In Memory, our sales grew about 4%, driven by new technologies like UFS4 and Flash and LPDDR5 and HBM and DRAM. System Test group had revenue of $338 million in 2023. Combined Defense and Aerospace and production board test sales were both flat, while HDD and system-level test in our storage business were down in total nearly 50% from 2022. In Wireless Test, revenue of $144 million in 2023 was lower year-on-year, given the decline in handset units and continued weakness in the networking and PC markets. Now to Robotics. Robotics revenue in 2023 was $375 million, with UR contributing $304 million and MiR $71 million. The group had mid-teens profitability in Q4 ‘23, but for the full year, had an 8% non-GAAP operating loss. While UR was profitable in 2023, we continue to lean into R&D and channel enhancement investments in MiR. Now to our outlook for Q1. Since our October call, SOC test demand has softened, which impacts our Q1 outlook. Q1 sales are expected to be between $540 million and $590 million, with non-GAAP EPS in a range of $0.22 to $0.38 on 162 million diluted shares. The first quarter guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles. First quarter gross margins are expected to be the low point for the year and are estimated at 53.5% to 54.5%, due to lower volume and unfavorable product mix. OpEx is expected to be roughly flat with Q4 ‘23 and run at 42% to 46% of first quarter sales. Non-GAAP operating profit rate at the midpoint of our first quarter guidance is 10%. A few points to assist you in modeling 2024. First, the gross margin profile. In 2024, we expect gross margins to increase through the year. Gross margins are forecasted to improve to 58% to 59% for the full year driven by improved product mix, including the sale of the Device Interface Solutions or DIS business, lower business resiliency spending and operational improvements. Moving to the strategic partnership we announced with Technoprobe in November 2023. The agreement has several key components as follows: first, Technoprobe will purchase Teradyne’s DIS business. This business provides advanced interfaces that connect our testers to customers’ chips for test. Second, Teradyne will make an equity investment in Technoprobe, acquiring 10% of their outstanding shares. Third, Teradyne and Technoprobe will work together on a series of projects to expand the performance of semiconductor device interfaces, to enable customers to realize the full performance of our test systems. We expect the transactions to close in the second quarter. DIS had 2023 revenue of $103 million and the sales will reduce Teradyne’s expected 2024 revenue by approximately $100 million, assuming the Q2 close date. It will not have a material impact on earnings. We plan to account for our investment in Technoprobe, using the equity accounting method. Regarding OpEx for the full year, we expect full year 2024 OpEx to increase 5% to 7%, driven by strategic projects to grow share in our Test businesses. The growth will be back half loaded. Robotics is expected to grow revenue 10% to 20% in 2024, enabling Robotics to be profitable. The group will have a similar revenue profile as a company with second half expected at 56% of full year revenue. Our GAAP and non-GAAP tax rate is forecasted to be 16% in 2024, excluding discrete items. Turning to capital allocation. Our strategy remains consistent, as we take a balanced approach to maintain a minimum cash level of $800 million, which enables us to run the business, have cash reserves set aside in the event of a significant downturn and have dry powder for M&A. For reference, from 2015 to 2023, we’ve returned over $4.3 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, which is 97% of our free cash flow. Earlier this month, we also announced a 9% increase in our dividend to $0.12 per quarter. We expect to close our investment in Technoprobe and our divestiture of DIS in Q2, which will consume an estimated $440 million of net cash. We will limit our share buybacks in 2024 to an amount necessary to offset dilution from equity compensation and our employee share purchase program in order to build cash back up to a minimum goal of $800 million. Therefore, we do not expect to materially reduce the share count in 2024. Moving to our mid-term earnings model. As we do each January, we’ve updated our model. We share this with investors to provide insight into how we look at the markets we serve, our competitive positioning and ultimately, the growth and earnings power of the company. A few points for context. First, we’ve kept 2026 as at year-end so you can make an easy comparison with last year’s update. Second, financial ranges are down to reflect our revised view of the markets in which we participate. Greg outlined the key drivers for the Test portfolio, including device technology trends, complexity and unit growth, which we anticipate will drive ATE growth over the 3-year horizon. Our Test revenues are expected to grow at a CAGR of 12% to 18% from 2023’s muted level to 2026, driven primarily by a recovery in Mobility Test demand. For Robotics, we’re looking at a strong market opportunity. The drivers over the mid [Technical Difficulty] include labor shortages, new products and applications, including a growing range of AI-driven products and our channel transformation work. Our Robotics revenues are expected to grow at 20% to 30% CAGR from 2023 to 2026. The updated earnings model will drive 2026 revenue to approximately $4.3 billion and non-GAAP EPS to $6.50 at the midpoint of the model range. Our model at the midpoint, as a revenue CAGR from 2023 to 2026 of 17% and on EPS at 30%, highlighting the operating leverage of both Robotics and Test portfolios. Gross margin is estimated at 59% to 60%. OpEx as a percentage of sales will be 28% to 31%, yielding a non-GAAP operating margin of 28% to 32%. Summing up, we had a challenging year in 2023 and still delivered 20% operating profit on a non-GAAP basis. Generated $426 million in free cash flow and returned 110% of that cash to shareholders. We did this while we strengthened our competitive position in Test and Robotics with new products, invested in channel transformation and Robotics and announced a strategic partnership and Test Interfaces to drive Semi Test share growth. Looking ahead, we expect a return to growth later this year and beyond, driven by favorable trends in both Test and Robotics and the financial impact of that growth is reflected in our updated mid-term earnings model. With that, I’ll turn the call back to Andy. Andy?
Andy Blanchard: Thanks, Sanjay. We’d now like to take some questions. And as a reminder, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will be coming from the line of Mehdi Hosseini with SIG. Please proceed with your questions.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes. Thanks for taking my questions. The first one has to do with the midterm guide. It seems like there is about a 13% decline in your SOC TAM for 2026. What I want to better understand is how do you think about the mobile app processor and especially the transistor density versus a slow start in Industrial? How should we think about those two end markets impacting that 13% reduction to your 2026 TAM for SOC and I have a follow-up.
Greg Smith: Hi, Mehdi, this is Greg. So the composition of the TAM in the mid-term model, if you compare this year to last year, I think the biggest change is that we think that the that the compute part of the market is going to be at a higher level, than we did last year. And we think that the mobile portion of the market is going to be up from where it is now but will not be at the level that we were modeling last year. So we believe that the pace of transistor density is proceeding basically at the same rate that we thought it was proceeding last year. The real difference is that the end market sort of end unit market predictions going out through the mid-term are a bit softer in this model than they were last time. And certainly, the impact of cloud and Edge AI in the market is a relatively new factor and is strengthening the compute part of it.
Mehdi Hosseini: Okay. Great. And the follow-up has to do with your prepared remarks. I believe you said you have a new compute customer. And if that’s true, if I heard you correctly, how does the ramp of that new customer would look like? Is it more like a ‘25, ‘26 impact? And if you could just provide any additional color would be great.
Greg Smith: So there are sort of two comments in my prepared remarks. One talked about socket wins for VIPs. And those socket wins are in both cloud compute and in EDGE devices. And the right way to model that is perhaps a little bit starting towards the end of 2024, but definitely hitting much more seriously in 2025. The other reference that I made was for an SLT win for a compute customer, and that’s definitely something that’s going to take until 2025 to build to material volume.
Mehdi Hosseini: Okay. Great. Perhaps I will follow-up with Andy, what VIP is?
Greg Smith: That’s – sorry. We – because most of the – there are a number of players that are designing their own silicon. And typically, a big portion of those are the hyperscalers, but there are – there are players in that space that don’t fit the traditional hyperscaler model. So like a large integrated automaker or people that are doing custom silicon development for their own handsets or customer devices. So we prefer the term vertically integrated producer, but you can read that as hyperscale.
Mehdi Hosseini: Okay, thank you for the color. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. I’m wondering if you can go through the TAM numbers, how the different segments came in, in ‘23? I know the breakout before was compute $1.3 billion, Mobility was $900 million, Auto is where I think a little more than $600 million. If you can just – did the market come in about as you thought it would for ‘23 and then can you shape ‘24 for those segments? I know it’s flat at a high level, but I would imagine Autos are probably down a couple of hundred million. And maybe Computes up a couple of hundred million. That’s the delta. Can you just run through that?
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. Hi, Tim, it’s Sanjay. So we estimate the SOC TAM in 2023, you were going down the correct numbers that haven’t really changed. But just for specifics. We view the Compute market at $1.3 billion, Mobility at $900 million, Auto at $600 million, Industrial at $400 million and Service at $700 million. That’s how you get to the $3.9 billion. And then the midpoint of 2024, Compute is $1.4 billion, Mobility at $0.9 billion. Auto and MCU at $0.5 billion, Industrial of $0.4 billion and Service – SSC service at $0.7 billion to get to the $3.9 billion at our midpoint.
Timothy Arcuri: Got it. Okay. So it is Compute. It’s just a little bit of mix shift. Okay. And then can you talk about your largest customer? Your big customer on the mobility side, which was actually not your largest customer in 2023. I know you have a range of outcomes this year. I’m not asking for numbers on that range, but can you talk about sort of what you think at the midpoint, how big they could be as – is there a case where they are back percent of your revenue range in 2024? Or is that just off the table?
Greg Smith: So, hi, this is Greg. Our historically largest customer, we’ve said that like in 2023, they are going to come in at under 10%. Looking forward into 2024, our base case, again, has them at less than 10% of total revenue. Right now, our visibility into their second half demand is quite limited. And we usually have a better picture of that in the April time frame. So if we get any better information about it, we will share it at that time. But the thing that you should think about is that there isn’t there isn’t much downside to our base case around anything that happens with our historically largest customer.
Timothy Arcuri: Got it. Okay, thank you, Greg.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of C.J. Muse with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please proceed with your question.
C.J. Muse: Yes, good morning. Thank you for taking the question. In your prepared remarks, you talked about confidence in the second half recovery for SSC test. So I was hoping you could walk through, what’s giving you the confidence and how you see that recovery emerging? And perhaps you could speak to OSAT versus end customers, content, edge AI, whatever you think is really going to move the needle for you guys and drive that second half recovery over the first half?
Greg Smith: Sure. So the leading indicator that we tend to look at most is really around utilization rates. And right now, those utilization rates are low, but we did start to see OSAT utilization start to tick up. So they are still below normal seasonality, but they are definitely improving. And we believe that they could reach sort of the point – the levels that would trigger buying by the third quarter of this year, if the trend that we’re seeing continues. The key end market trends that we’re looking for is unit growth in smartphones and PCs. PCs have been in a real pit. And so just from a refresh cycle, we’re expecting to see that recovering a bit and that would be a tailwind for us. The thing that we also saw in the fourth quarter was that utilization came down a bit in IDMs. And so they are primarily the – that’s where most of our business is concentrated for Industrial and Automotive. So we saw the Industrial part of that start to weaken in the second half of 2023. And then late in 2023 – late in Q4 of 2023, we also started to see Automotive begin to weaken. The – our model right now has that that’s a relatively short lull in demand. And we think that that’s mainly driven by the fact that new model year introductions, every year for the automakers has a significantly higher attach rate for electronics and that’s driving a pretty good CAGR in the Automotive Semiconductor market. So we think the fundamentals are good to drive growth in Automotive. So we think that this demand lull is going to be relatively short.
C.J. Muse: Very helpful. And if I could follow-up on the SLT side. You talked about wins across both mobility and HBC. I know you have one very large customer. Would be curious the timing of the ramp of revenues here? And could they, in aggregate, get to kind of the scale of your very large customer or that will take years to do that?
Greg Smith: So the – in the prepared remarks, I was referring to system-level test wins for Mobility and for Compute. And if you put that into context, the customer that we won for Mobility is not as large as our primary SLT customer, but they have the potential to drive significant volume. In Compute, that’s something that’s going to take a while to take off. The device plans basically for SLT, it was a hyperscaler customer in Compute and the volumes for those devices is going to start at a relatively small level and then increase over time. So I don’t think that any of those in isolation would rise to the level of our historically largest customer, but it’s more additional incremental tailwinds for us.
C.J. Muse: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next questions are from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities. Please proceed with your questions.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. And I appreciate you giving the Compute TAM, which is now the largest end market. Could you help us break that between more client Compute versus data center? And then the growth rate that you’re mentioning, the 1.3% to 1.4%, that seems very modest compared to all the very high growth rates that we see in AI and data center right type products. So, if you could just give us a little more color, how much is client versus data center? And then why only such modest growth in testing? Why don’t we see more of a correlation with the growth in data-centric products?
Greg Smith: Hi, Vivek, this is Greg. So first of all, let me talk a little bit about client versus data center. As far as we can tell in 2023, most of the Test capacity adds in Compute, were really in support of data center. That the client market has been very, very quiet. Looking forward into the future, we think that the capacity adds required for cloud are going to moderate a bit. They have added a ton of productive capacity in 2023, and that is going to be felt in higher-end volumes in 2024, so they are at sort of a new high watermark in terms of that part of the market. The client side, there are two things that I think are going to accelerate things. The first is that the unit volume in PCs is at a very low point right now. There is really nowhere to go but up. And the other is that we’ve been seeing the push in large language models in AI, primarily on the training side right now. And looking at the roadmaps for our customers, they are putting a huge push on custom silicon for Edge AI inference versus the training part. So, I think we are going to see a shift over the next 3 years, to a much more balanced market, whereas 2023 was dominated by data center, as we get out through this mid-term, it’s going to be much more balanced between data center and client. Now, in terms of the modest size, the thing that I want to just – I want to try and provide a little bit of context, that if you look back to the high watermark for the total SOC TAM, back in 2021, it was about a $4.9 billion market. And in that $4.9 billion market, less than $1.2 billion of it was in compute. Now, fast forwarding to this year, the overall TAM is down to $3.9 billion, and compute is representing of $1.3 billion of that total. Now, as you look into 2024, that’s a very high level that it’s at right now. And that level supports significantly increased production for these devices. The last thing that I will point out is these devices are big and complex, and they have a high test intensity. But the unit volumes are relatively small, and the margin, the margin in the end market for these devices is very high. So, the revenue that compute makers are getting on these devices is pretty great. But it means that the number of testers required to fulfill that revenue demand is a little bit lower than it would be in the mobile space.
Vivek Arya: Right. And for my follow-up, I actually had two small ones. I don’t know whether they are related or not, but there was some media reports about Teradyne kind of pulling out of the China market from just the manufacturing footprint. I just wanted to see if there was any clarification around that? But the bigger question, Greg, that I have is, when I look at this mid-term model and the forecast of growing, right, kind of low, mid-20s in ‘25 and ‘26. If I look at the last decade, the only year Teradyne grew above that rate was just like one of the years, and that too was 2020. So, why keep such a high forecast and back to for 2 years, what is the kind of the visibility and confidence in hitting those kind of growth rates?
Greg Smith: Yes. So, first, just a quick comment on China. The news report is really nothing new. We have had a multiyear effort going on to increase the resilience of our supply chain. And that involved moving production locations for some of our products. We still have an extensive supply chain that is in China. We have over 600 people in China. We are competing for business and winning in China. And I think that it’s a good headline, but there is nothing new in that story or in our commitment to that region, as a place where we expect to grow. So, on the mid-term model, if you look at the – if you look with a longer lens than you are talking about, we have been in this market for 60 years. And we have seen the dynamics of the market as it comes out of downturns. So, in coming out of 2001, coming out of 2009, and then, again, the COVID-related demand increase in 2020. It’s not that unprecedented to see significant growth in the years following a downturn. And looking at the state of the end market for mobile phones, and the end market for PCs, we really expect to see a pretty good snapback. The other X factor that I think we are becoming increasingly confident in is how generative AI is going to impact complexity of devices. So, we were really kind of wondering what was going to be the next thing that drove complexity at the in handsets, in cars, at the edge. And it appears that the technology is incorporated in these large language models and the amount of compute that they need to execute is something that is a very positive tailwind both in the mobile and the compute part of the market. One final reminder is, as you look at this, when you think about Edge AI, a lot of that is going to accrue to growth in the mobile part of the market and the automotive part of the market, not in the compute part of the market.
Vivek Arya: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Krish Sankar with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Krish Sankar: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. The first one is for Greg or Sanjay. When I look at your Q1 guidance compared to the last time we had that revenue run rate, your earnings power is almost half of that. I am just wondering, is there a function of maybe lower gross margin due to product mix like less auto analog testers, or is it because of higher investments in IA, a combination? I am just kind of curious. And then a follow-up after that.
Greg Smith: Sure. So, I think it’s really fundamentally two things in Q1. One is much lower volume, but then really product mix. Say, product mix is a little bit of a bigger driver, nothing more than that. It’s product mix and volumes.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Kind of like a more philosophical question for Greg. Greg, clearly, obviously, on the mobile test side, you have a good position. And then the last several years, it seems like your focus was on IA. And then now you have got the big investment in Technoprobe, which kind of came out of the blue and historically like vertical integration between test and probe card has never worked. I am just kind of curious [ph], is it because the last few years, you took your eye off the test market, but now you are beginning to see a shift away from mobile to compute and you need to do certain things, or is there something else going on?
Greg Smith: So, I think the – there is no real change in our strategic priorities. And so our strategic priorities has always been to look for accretive investments and opportunities to put free cash flow to work for our investors in the most effective way. We didn’t take our eye off the ball on test, when we were talking about our industrial automation business. And as a matter of fact, over the period of time that you are talking about the industrial automation business was accretive that we were making money, and that IA business had a rough year in 2023, mainly because of end market conditions. So, we haven’t changed our strategy. The thing that’s different and the thing that really motivated the investment in Technoprobebe is that there is a trend in the test market that is drawing the tester and the interface closer together. And that’s really driven by the complexity and performance in the end market. So, if you look at the data rates that are required for SOC and memory devices, if you look at the bandwidths required for RF devices, if you look at the number of devices that customers want to test in parallel, all of those are driving a tighter integration between tester and interface. And by establishing a partnership with TPI, we believe that we were going to be able to achieve an advantage in terms of unlocking value for our customers that exists in the technology that Technoprobe has in those interfaces and our testers have in their architecture. So, I wouldn’t say that the – like the Technoprobe investment reflects a change in strategy, more it reflects the fact that we have been monitoring the trends in the test market, and we discerned an opportunity for us to do something great for our customers and our investors.
Krish Sankar: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Brian Chin with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Chin: Hi there. Good morning. Thanks if I can ask a few questions. Maybe Greg, in the past discussion, my numbers are a little bit off, but I believe you have anticipated the hyperscaler ASIC companies maybe driving or representing $400 million or so of incremental growth in the compute TAM in coming years. I guess how large do you see this market by 2026? And based on your customer wins and ongoing traction, what do you think your market share of this incremental could be in that timeframe?
Greg Smith: So, I think I will end up phoning a friend with Andy here in terms of what we have said in terms of projected TAM for that market.
Andy Blanchard: Yes. We have said it’s in the $400 million to $600 million range in ‘26, ‘27 time…
Greg Smith: Right. And we have said that has – there is modest growth in the overall Compute segment over that period of time. So, both, we are going to see a slight decline in sort of the traditional compute part of the market and this $400 million to $600 million of new hyperscaler VIP. The way that you can think about this is we are always putting up a good fight to try and win share in the traditional compute space. But we really think that our opportunity is to gain share in that $400 million to $600 million chunk. And what we have seen is, we are like – say, we are at below 20% share in the traditional market. In terms of socket wins, the sockets that we see in the market, and we are competing for, we are definitely winning more than our fair share. So, we are winning the majority of sockets that we are targeting. And so we are very hopeful that we will end up with a pretty good split inside of that $400 million to $600 million.
Brian Chin: Okay. That’s helpful. And then maybe focusing on the memory test part of the test TAM, I think your main competitor as of last night is forecasting much stronger year-over-year growth in memory test than you this year. They are largely tied off to DRAM. I guess how can we reconcile your up 10 with their sort of maybe more optimistic forecast? And does that do you think potentially represent upside to your view this year?
Greg Smith: I think it could represent upside to our view. But the thing that I will remind you is that if you look at the memory test market, we typically break it up into four chunks. So, two types of memory DRAM and NAND Flash and then the wafer sort and then the final test. Our highest share is in the final test for both DRAM and for Flash memory. What we have seen in 2023 is technology-related buying in those spaces, and that has been a great tailwind to our share in that market. What we don’t have clear visibility into or real forecast from our customers is how much capacity they are going to need to add at wafer sort. So, that’s not a technology-driven retooling space. That’s something where they can use the same testers for new generations of parts. And they need to have production volumes that drive additional acquisitions. It’s entirely possible that our competitor has a better view into the long-term needs in the wafer sort for some of those customers than we do. So – and it’s also possible that we have not seen the benefit in that part of the market. So, I am pretty confident in our – in that we have a good view of our memory business for 2024. I think there is an upside potential depending on how much capacity add is required as the memory inventories come down.
Brian Chin: Okay. Very helpful. Thanks Greg.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi. Good morning and thanks for taking my questions. Maybe for the first one, if I can ask you in relation to the long-term model of the 2026 model, you are outlining strong growth in the Robotics segment, as you see a lot of opportunities for growth. How should we think about as you sort of invest towards that growth, what profitability can you drive to in that 2026 model for robotics? And I have a follow-up. Thank you.
Greg Smith: Hi Samik. So, in terms of the long-term model, our goals remain kind of consistent for our robotics group that our target performance is 20% to 30% growth and our target profit is 5% to 15%. What we have said previously and what we are still operating to is, as we are watching the growth develop in that market, if it appears that incremental investment is not yielding higher growth rates, then we will feather those back to try to increase the profit range. But as long as we believe that we are at this low penetration and there are fruitful investments that we can make, we would prefer to make those investments and continue to drive growth. The key thing that we are doing in operating that group is we are really focusing on maintaining high gross margins. So, we are in excess of 60% gross margins for the group now and we are intent on keeping those gross margins at that level so that we have the option to sort of dial the profit that is appropriate to the growth rate we are achieving.
Samik Chatterjee: Got it. That’s helpful. And for my follow-up, just a question on gross margin for the year, I think for the full year 2024, you are guiding to 58% to 59% million with the starting point you have, that does imply, I think if I do the math that you would be at some point during the year crossing 60%. Am I sort of calculating that right? Is that sort of what you are implying? And what are the drivers to get to that 60% level during 2024 itself with the volume challenges that you are seeing right now in the test market? Thank you.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. So, you are right. I think some of the quarters, we do anticipate to be higher than our model, really coming back with a stronger product mix. In various quarters, we have obviously higher volume. And then some of our higher product lines or some of our higher margin product lines do come back. So, it’s volume in the quarters, but mainly product mix and product line mix that are driving the improvement. I should add that there is also operational efficiencies that we are working on that we anticipate that will help margins as well in the back half.
Samik Chatterjee: Great. Thank you. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: The next questions are from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Toshiya Hari: Hi. Good morning. I had two as well. The first one on HBM, Greg, can you characterize your competitive position in this market, I guess number one. Number two, how big was HBM as a percentage of your memory business either in calendar ‘23 or Q4? And with your customers sort of expecting 50%, 60% growth on an annual basis over the next couple of years or several years, should we think about – should we think – should we assume the growth rate in your business to be in that ZIP code, or could there be retooling or parallel test that sort of deflates that number?
Greg Smith: Okay. So, you packed a lot of parts into that question. So, let me start unpacking it. So, first, in terms of competitive position, right now, we are roughly splitting the HBM test market with our competitors. So, if you look at overall share, that’s a positive to our share that there are multiple competitors in the overall memory space. But the HBM part of the market is pretty much a clean split between us and our competitor. In Q4, we think HBM represented more than 50% of our memory shipments. So, it was a huge factor in that quarter. And in terms of growth, we think that there is the potential for growth that there are new HBM competitors that are coming on the scene. So, there is both a unit volume growth. I think that a lot of that – the capacity for a lot of that is in place now. But there are also standards changes, HBM3E and HBM4 that are coming, and those are driving retooling for performance tests. And we think that, that is going to be a potential driver for us in the back half of the year in memory.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. Thank you. And then as my follow-up on the robotics side, just wanted to get your thoughts on ‘24. You are guiding the business up 10% to 20%. You talked about obviously, the long-term value proposition, which makes sense. You are ramping the UR30, you talked about some of the initiatives you are doing from a channel distribution perspective. So, I am just curious, if you are guiding the long-term up 20% to 30%, why up 10% to 20% this year particularly given the fact that ‘23 was down close to 10%. What’s sort of weighing on growth this year? Thank you.
Greg Smith: Well, I think, the key thing that is limiting our optimism is that even though we had a really great Q4, we had a really great Q4 because we introduced basically a blockbuster product. 24% or so of our revenue in Q4 came from that product. Underlying that, there is still some fundamental weakness in the industrial end market. And there are predictions that, that is going to ease, that the demand is going to come back relatively strongly. But we are entering Q1 of 2024 with PMIs at a relatively low level and a fair amount of some regions that are quite quiet. So, we have optimism for continued growth through the year, both quarter-on-quarter through the year and each quarter in comparison to the year prior. But we are coming in with a relatively low Q1. So, we wanted to be careful in terms of where we set the bar for growth for the full year.
Toshiya Hari: Thanks Greg.
Andy Blanchard: Okay. And operator, we are out of time. So, folks that are still in the queue, I will get back to you later this morning. But thanks everyone for joining and we look forward to talking to you in the days and weeks ahead. Bye.
Operator: Thank you. This will conclude today’s conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the Teradyne Q3 2023 Earnings Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to your host, Andy Blanchard, you may begin.
Andy Blanchard: Thank you, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our CEO, Greg Smith, and our CFO, Sanjay Mehta. Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for 2023's third quarter along with our outlook for the fourth quarter. The press release containing our third quarter results was issued last evening. We are providing slides on the Investor page of the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion. Replays of this call will be available via the same page after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the safe harbor statement contained in the earnings release as well as our most recent SEC filings. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we'll make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We've posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly-comparable GAAP financial measures were available on the Investor page of our website. Looking ahead, between now at our next earnings call, Teradyne expects to participate in technology or industrial-focused investor conferences hosted by Baird, UBS and Wolfe Research. Now, let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, Greg will comment on our recent results and the market conditions as we enter the fourth quarter. Sanjay will then offer more details on our quarterly results, along with our guidance for the fourth quarter. We'll then answer your questions. And this call is scheduled for one hour. Greg?
Greg Smith: Thanks, Andy, and good morning everyone. Today, I will summarize our Q3 results, describe the current business conditions and provide some insight on how we're thinking about 2024 and beyond. Sanjay will then provide the financial details on Q3, our outlook for Q4 and offer some comments on modeling next year. Third quarter sales and earnings were at the high end of our guidance range, as Robotics sales came in above plan and we cleared some supply constraints and tests. The second half of 2023 is playing out as we described in July. We expect to close out the year with strong Robotics shipments, amplified by new product shipments at UR and seasonally softer test shipments. In semiconductor test, the mobility correction cycle persists and shipments remain well below historic levels while our automotive test shipments remained high in Q3. Memory test shipments in Q3 were down sequentially due to the timing of shipments, but demand remained strong. LPDDR5 and HBM, both of which require higher-speed testers, drove the results. In wireless, demand remained muted in the quarter, given the weak smartphone market and lack of new wireless standards this year. In system test, defense and aerospace, and storage test groups were unplanned while production board tests softened in the quarter. Robotics demand has stabilized. In the first half of 2023, demand was quite low, down 21% versus the first half of 2022. In Q3, demand strengthened, with revenue nearly at 2022 levels and up 20% from Q2. Our shipments have stepped-up, as we execute an aggressive ramp of the new UR20 product and PMI seems to have stabilized a bit. Looking at the full-year of 2023, our estimates of the SOC test market size are unchanged at $3.7 billion to $4.1 billion, down about 15% at the midpoint from last year. The weakest segment of SOC is mobility, down about 40% from 2022 on slower complexity growth in smartphone semiconductors and year-on decline in units. The compute, automotive and industrial analog segments of the market will finish the year at similar levels to 2022. In memory test, we expect the market will be get the low end of the $900 million to $1 billion range, also unchanged from our July view. The demand for high-speed DRAM test remains high, as we close out 2023, which will help us tick-up a few points of memory share for the full year. Teradyne's System Test Group will finish 2023 downward than 20% from 2022. Within this group, we expect defense and aerospace will grow 10% year-on-year, as global defense spending ticked up. The other segments of the business were negatively impacted by over-supply in the HDD market and mobility weakness. Shifting now to Robotics. The macro environment for industry is incrementally better than last quarter, with global PMI stable or improving slightly. The highlight of the quarter is -- was a well-executed volume ramp of our UR20 collaborative robot. We delivered more than 300 units in Q3 and we expect to deliver a multiple of that in Q4. The UR20 extends UR’s ease-of-use and quick ROI to higher payload and longer reach applications, expanding the market in many segments. The strongest segments for UR20 so far are welding and pelletizing. The distribution channel transformation that we described in the -- in past calls is also making steady progress. Complementing our existing distribution channels with direct coverage at large accounts and adding OEM partners is a long-term project and we're beginning to see positive benefits. For example, in the OEM space, we've added 48 new OEM partners so far in 2023, bringing the total to 144. And we've seen direct OEM orders grow nearly 20%, driven by the high demand from the pelletizing market. At MiR, our account strategy continues to deliver with our top 10 customers, expanding their collective installed base by over 15% year-to-date, a rank that's more than 50% greater than the overall install base growth. Shifting to the future, I'd like to describe our current thinking about 2024. Please bear in mind that it is still too early and visibility is too limited to be certain about what will happen next year. However, there are some longer-term trends that we expect to play out. As we previously discussed, we expect the SOC market and our revenue to grow from 2023 on broader 3-nanometer adoption in the mobility space, driving market growth and continued to strength in the compute market. The real question is the magnitude of the mobility recovery, which depends on smartphone unit growth, complexity growth and how quickly the industry can consume idle test capacity. For reference, we estimate subcon tester utilization is still low, up only marginally from our July estimate and well below the typical Q2 to Q3 increase. The automotive test market has been sustaining at a higher level in 2023 than we originally expected. It appears that channel inventories in automotive are stabilizing and we have some -- seen some spot weakness in the market. We aren't expecting a significant change in the full-year market size next year, as unit forecasts and semiconductor attach rates, driven by the cross-over from internal combustion to EV remain bullish. The technology buys that have supported the memory TAM in 2023 should continue into next year and we expect the memory market to grow as HBM, DDR5 and LPDDR5 penetration expands to support AI and computing growth. In flash, as the protocol interface speeds continue to increase, we expect flash package test demand to grow as well. Overall, we expect the total ATE TAM to be up modestly from this year and the key factor is the strength in -- of recovery in mobile. Growth in our wireless business, LitePoint, will be strongly linked to handset growth, a recovery in the PC market and the start of the rollout of Wi-Fi 7. The supply-demand imbalance in HDD is likely to persist through 2024 and we expect HDD test to remain weak. System-level test will depend largely on smartphone unit growth in the near-term while we expect our defense and aerospace business to grow in 2024 on increased defense investments worldwide. In Robotics, we're finishing 2023 on a positive note in a tough market, with Q4 revenues up about 10% year-on year on the strength of the new UR20 product introduction. That performance reinforces our optimism in Robotics. We see Robotics as a marathon, not a sprint. We are serving in a mark -- an emerging market of $2 billion this year that we expect to grow to tens of billions of dollars per year in the future. Our operating model for Robotics is built for that marathon, with a strategy that prioritizes product and support investments that deliver value to customers now. We are counting on building relationships with those paying customers to help guide our ongoing investments to meet their evolving needs for the future. The key to this strategy is driving towards our model of 5% to 15% profit from our Robotics portfolio. While we may -- while we will fall short of this objective in 2023, it remains a key operating metric for 2024. We do this to ensure that we remain focused on our customers' most important automation priorities while we grow the business. Rolling it all up, 2024 looks to be stronger than 2023, with all of the uncertainty around chip inventories, low utilization rates and macroeconomic worries. I call it incrementally stronger, but we'll get a better view over the next quarter or so. We're also assuming a quarterly revenue profile in 2024, similar to 2023, with Q1 as the low-point and then growth from there. While early, we're modeling Q1 sales to be similar to Q1 2023. As we finish the year, I'm encouraged by indications that our largest market, semi test, appears to have troughed in 2023 at a level that delivers an operating profit of 20% for the total company. We are confident about the long-term growth outlook of semi -- of the semiconductor market, as the substantial fab equipment investments made in the recent past have not yet seen matching test investments. Also, we see consistent investment in tooling to enable continued process development, whether it is building a family of process nodes at 3 nanometer or enabling gate all around and two-nanometer technologies. While the timing of test investments will be driven by end-market chip demand and complexity growth, we are confident that this investment will happen. To be clear, our customers are still cautious about their near-term demand and we're reflecting that caution in our initial outlook for next year. But long-term, there is significant upside potential. In Robotics, we have a pipeline of new products, new applications and distribution changes that are now beginning to yield. At the end of the day, the global population trends are inarguable. The long-term demand for advanced automation must grow to deal with the increasing shortage of manufacturing workers. That coupled with market conditions that favor low-cost, short-ROI automation investments and our team's growing execution skill, I expect renewed growth in Robotics in 2024 as well. With that, I'll turn things over to Sanjay for the financial details. Sanjay?
Sanjay Mehta: Thank you, Greg. Good morning, everyone. Today, I'll cover the financial summary of Q3, provide our Q4 outlook and update you on our supply chain and resiliency progress. Now to Q3, third quarter sales were $704 million with non-GAAP EPS of $0.80, both at the high-end of our guidance as Robotics delivered above plan and some supply constraints eased in Test. Non-GAAP gross margins were 56.6%, in line with our guidance. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $243 million, down about 3% from the second quarter on spending controls and lower variable compensation. Non-GAAP operating profit rate was 22%. We had two 10% customers in the quarter. The tax rate excluding discrete items for the quarter was 14.5% on a GAAP basis and 15.7% on a non-GAAP basis. Semi test revenue for the quarter was $498 million, with SOC revenue contributing $404 million and memory $94 million. As noted earlier, we continue to see strength in SOC concentrated in auto end-market and image sensor parts of our business in the quarter. Memory sales continue to be weighted towards technology retooling for higher-speed protocol flash for smartphones, DDR5 and HBM DRAM for server applications. System Test Group revenue was $83 million, with $38 million in storage test, as SLT in HDD production demand remains muted. In wireless test, revenue was $37 million in Q3, with low demand from both PC and smartphone end-markets. We expect this market trend to continue over the next several quarters. Now to Robotics, revenue in Q3 was $86 million with UR contributing $71 million and MiR $15 million, which was above plan, as Greg noted. Shifting back to the company-level financials. Our free-cash flow was $140 million in the quarter and we returned 97% to shareholders. We repurchased $119 million of shares in the quarter, paid $17 million in dividends and settled $9 million of debt. We have the final $24 million of convertible debt, which will be repaid in the fourth quarter. We ended the quarter with $820 million in cash and marketable securities. Now, to our outlook for Q4. Q4 sales are expected to be between $640 million and $700 million, with non-GAAP EPS in a range of $0.61 to $0.81 on a 162 million diluted shares. Fourth quarter guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles, restructuring and other charges. This outlook is in line with our July view at the company level for the second half. Our revenue guide for Q4 has no material supply constraints. As supply has become more in line with demand, we are now back to including normal supply issues in the revenue range. As a result of supply and demand coming into balance, our lead times continue to improve. This enables customers to place orders more in line with our incremental production requirements. In Q4, there is a component of this behavior, but we expect to see more book-ship variability in Q1, as lead times continue to be reduced. Fourth quarter gross margins are estimated at 56% to 57%. OpEx is expected to run at 35% to 38% of fourth quarter sales, in line with Q3. Non-GAAP operating profit rate at the midpoint of our fourth quarter guidance is 20%. A little more color on gross margins and OpEx profile for the second half. Recall, our long-term model has gross margins at 59% to 60%. In 2021 and 2022, we were in our model range, with margins of 59.6% and 59.2% respectively. In our July call, we noted the gross margin profile by quarter, which show lower gross margins in Q3 and Q4 due to the timing of spending to strengthen our supply chain but that we expected our full-year 2023 gross margins in the 57% to 58% range. That outlook is unchanged. Turning to resiliency spending, in our operations, manufacturing spend will continue in Q4 but the spend associated with enabling our new factories to be qualified and producing testers is behind us. Packing up inventory and some capital equipment from old locations is what is left to do for our manufacturing in Q4. In short, we have successfully completed our objectives of moving many product lines to new locations. I would like to thank our internal teams and our partners for their tireless effort in de-risking our supply chain. Some component qualification will continue in 2024, but the majority of the test operational resiliency spending is behind us. Regarding OpEx, as noted, our full-year spend will be flat to slightly down versus 2022 spend levels. This is due to both spending controls and lower variable compensation. Recall our operating model has a variable component for operating expenses where the model flexes compensation expense with revenue and profits. As both are lower than 2022 levels, we're spending less than 2023. As revenues are expected to grow in 2024 and future years, that variable compensation component will also grow. For the full-year 2023, at the midpoint of our guidance, revenue will be slightly below $2.7 billion with non-GAAP EPS of $2.85 and operating profit of 20%. Gross margin for the full year should be about 57.5%. Our GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates are forecasted to be 15.75% and 16.5% respectively in 2023. Looking at 2024 business levels. Greg noted we expected revenue growth in 2024. How much growth is tough to call at this point. Starting the year with Q1 2024 revenues, similar to Q1 2023 levels, Q1 is expected to have unfavorable product mix yielding lower gross margins than Q4 2023. For the full-year 2024, we expect gross margins to be better than ‘23 on higher volume and lower resiliency spending. Summing up, our second half is playing out as expected with the highlight being strong execution by our UR team, as they ramp UR20 to meet high customer demand. For the full-year, while the end markets have softened in 2023, our company operating model has flex cost down to support profitability while enabling our R&D and go-to-market investments to support our long-term growth objectives. We've transformed our supply chain to reduce geographic risk and strengthened our operations capacity. From a shareholder return perspective, year-to-date, we've returned 181% of our free cash flow to owners. Our cash position and strength in our balance sheet enables us to continue to invest in strategic organic initiatives and has the firepower to support a wide range of M&A options for inorganic growth in the future. With that, I'll turn the call back to Andy. Andy?
Andy Blanchard: Thanks, Sanjay. Operator, we'd now like to take some questions. And as a reminder, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Tim Arcuri with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Tim Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Greg, you had talked about there being some critical points where utilization has to get to, to then see mobility start to grow again. So how do you think about where we are sort of in aggregate? I know your large customer has their own dynamics. But how do you think about where we are right now in terms of utilization versus where you think we have to get until before the non-large customers would come back and start to buy again?
Greg Smith: Yeah. That's -- thanks, Tim. So the -- right now, our -- I'm hesitant to give you exact numbers because our measurements of utilization are indirect. So we tend to look more at the changes from quarter-to-quarter than the absolute level. But they are significantly lower than what we've seen for people to want to buy. So -- and there's also a big difference between our IDM customers and our OSAT customers. So our IDM customer utilization by our measurements are up in the low 80s, and that's usually at a high enough level that trigger buys. Our OSAT customers are like 20 points lower, there's usually a few points of inflection, like an increase in utilization from Q2 to Q3, we saw very little in our data this time. And so it's still on the order of 20 points lower than what we're seeing inside of IDMs. So I think there's a pretty big hill to climb in terms of utilization before that would trigger buys from OSATs to support the mobile space.
Tim Arcuri: Thanks a lot. And then as you think about your -- I mean I think a lot depends on your large customer next year. But as you think about -- you read some of the plans in terms of what they're planning to do and having a new chips throughout the entire product portfolio going from N3D to N3E, through the entire product portfolio, you do get 30% more transistor density. So it depends on the die size, obviously, but it does seem like there's going to be a fairly solid increase in transistors across the entire portfolio next year. So maybe can you just -- I'm not asking you to predict what happens with that large customer, but can you talk about sort of the things that you're watching to sort of determine whether you think that next year could be a good year for that customer or not?
Greg Smith: Sure. So yeah, I'm -- I think we're both sort of working off of the same source data when it comes to like reading the tea leaves about this large customer. We don't really know what their product plans are. The things that we are watching for are how quickly 3-nanometer goes into their high-performance computing process -- products that the more of that product line that's on 3-nanometer, the more complexity there will be, and that's a tailwind towards loading. The next is what's the relationship between -- like how do they use the next-generation 3-nanometer process? Do they use that to try to decrease dye size and attack cost? Or do they use that to add features to sort of keep dye size the same, add a lot of complexity. So we're watching very closely to see how that plays out. And then the last is, if there's any change to the strategy of using the N-1 processor in the lower-end phone product line. If that changes, that compresses the period of time that they have to build the -- up chips, and that helps to drive peak loading. So we don't have information about that. We are -- so we're being pretty cautious in terms of how we model that going into the future. But there are -- like as you point out, there are a number of things that could drive some upside.
Tim Arcuri: Great, Greg. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Krish Sankar: Yeah. Hi, thanks for taking my question. I’ve chosen to -- first one is on next year outlook to follow up on an earlier question. Historically, your big customers come around April or May timeframe to confirm kind of like a [Tesla] (ph) outlook for the year. Was it a similar -- and it seems like that was a different pattern this year. Do you expect to go back to regular patterns next year? Or is it still too early to commit this call? And I have a follow-up.
Greg Smith: So I think that they actually followed a familiar pattern this year. But what ended up happening in April, May was that they ended up meeting not a lot of additional capacity. So I think we've pointed out in prior calls that we expect that major customer to be less than 10% customer in 2023. But we haven't seen any significant change in the timing. The thing that we said in the prior call about this was we didn't see -- like, we didn't have demand confirmed in that April, May timeframe, but there was still some uncertainty about what their peak loading might be and whether they need additional capacity. And that played out the way it played out. So I think they're still on basically the same schedule.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Got it. Very helpful. And then a quick follow-up on the auto market. You said that it's been strong. We've seen some spot weakness, but still expected to grow or be strong in calendar '24. Is that purely because you think increasing in semi content is going to offset unit weakness? Is there anything else you're seeing in autos? Thank you.
Greg Smith: No. So I think that what we're seeing in automotive is most of the players in that space, they're large IDMs and they all have significant capacity expansion projects in process. And they've -- and with the lead times that they have for front-end equipment and where our lead times were running, say, even six months ago, they needed to place orders way in advance. And as they're building out that capacity, they need to phase their deliveries so that it lines up with their commissioning. And -- so we've seen some rescheduling, but we haven't seen anything that we would consider to be a significant signal of demand change.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini with SIG. Please proceed with your question.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes, thank you. I have two follow-up. And I'm not going to ask you about how to forecast iPhone 16 builds for next year. But what I want to learn is, actually, I want to get an update on the compute end market. We all hear of more of an ASIC design ramping, hyperscalers ramping their own ASIC solution. By now, everyone has seen the Graviton and TPU in the headline. And in that context, what's the update on Teradyne’s content market share? And I have a follow-up.
Greg Smith: Okay. So right now, the computing market, if you -- like, just to sort of break it down, there are a couple of components of the compute market. There's end equipment PCs. That part is significantly weak and continues to be. Then there's cloud computing, and the thing that's driving cloud computing is really AI acceleration. The beneficiaries of that are GPUs and then hyperscalers doing their own silicon. There's definitely increase in the amount of bespoke silicon that's going in, but it's still dwarfed by sort of traditional GPU-driven accelerators at this point. The TAM, sort of the amount of testers that are being sold to support the hyperscalers is very -- it's not very consistent at this point. We had a big hit last year, from a revenue perspective, it's quieter this year, but we think that this is something that's going to play out over probably the next three or four years. So we're really looking at it in terms of socket wins. And right now, I can tell you that we are on track with socket wins. We have low share in traditional compute. We were aiming to try and win half and half, like half the battles we get into on hyperscalers, and that's about what we're doing this year, that we're winning half of the sockets that we are fighting for and the other guys winning the other half.
Mehdi Hosseini: Okay. And my follow-up has to do with your color on Q1, and I appreciate going out of your way to help us with the modeling. The midpoint implies 8% sequential decline. And SOCs has historically been the weakest in Q1. So should we assume that semi test SOC will be down by more than 8% and everything else would be down less than 8%?
Sanjay Mehta: Hi, Mehdi, it's Sanjay. Yeah. So the seasonality decline is really coming through, I would say, in robotics. Obviously, seasonality comes down. And then we're ramping UR20 Q3 and really Q4 that goes down to run rate. The other component of the decline in Q -- or the forecasted decline in Q1 is tied to storage, really the mobility of the end market and SLT. And from an SOC perspective, we're seeing that as roughly flattish at this point, Q4 to Q1. So those are really the drivers of what we see now. And as I said in my prepared remarks, I'll just remind you that we're seeing, as lead times come down, a lot more kind of book-ship and customers coming to us with incremental orders within lead time. So we're expecting to see kind of more bookings kind of at the tail end of Q4 for Q1 shipments. So there's a little bit more volatility there.
Mehdi Hosseini: Thank you. Very helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your questions.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. I guess if I can follow up on the last question, maybe an -- actually, your response that you're getting the 50% of wins in the accelerated compute or sort of custom ASICs that you are targeting, can you share a bit more in terms of then when we start to think about that translating -- the win translating into revenue, when does that start to happen? And particularly, like, when you look at a pipeline building here, how does that revenue progression look like? And I have a follow-up.
Greg Smith: Yeah. So right now, the noted characteristic of it is volatility year-on-year. Our model of it, though, is by the time you get out to sort of the 2026, 2027 timeframe, we expect that these vertically integrated producers are going to represent about $400 million to $500 million of the compute test TAM. And for reference, that's probably going to be on the order of 1/4 to 1/3 of the total compute TAM out in that timeframe.
Samik Chatterjee: Got it. And then for my follow-up, I know you're talking about 2024 being a year of incremental growth, and there are lots of puts and takes here, but you're starting 1Q in line with 1Q '23 and when I look at consensus, it has you growing 20% for the year. So obviously, as a magnitude sort of overall difference in sort of where you're starting 1Q versus what consensus is expecting, any sort of thoughts around whether that's a realistic assumption? Or if that 20% growth were to be realized, what do you need to see in terms of sort of uplift, which quarter that needs to come through for you to be able to realize that kind of sort of strong growth through the year?
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah. I think that -- it's Sanjay. I think that Greg really outlined kind of the potential headwinds and tailwinds in 2024. So right now, the first half and given the limited visibility, especially in mobility, it still continues to look a little dampened or weaker. But from a model perspective, where we see '24 tailwinds are in compute, mobility and Robotics for 2024. And so that's where we do see the tailwinds. The question is, to what degree. And we've provided some transparency of what we know about in Q1. And we think that, that is the low point. We think we'll grow from there. It's tough to call right now how it appears to be for the rest of the year. And we'll provide an update in January with what we know.
Samik Chatterjee: Thank you. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. First one on gross margins. Sanjay, could you remind us what drove second half gross margins lower than the first half? And what will drive overall '24 gross margins higher than '23?
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah. Good question. So it's a similar story to what I noted in July, Vivek. Fundamentally, it's product mix in the second half, and we deferred resiliency spending in operations really from first half to second half. And in the first half, we were focused on chasing and meeting customer demand. So some of our projects were deferred into the second half. So it's mainly mix as well as deferred resiliency spending from kind of first half to second half.
Greg Smith: And at ’24, why it would be better?
Sanjay Mehta: Sorry. Thank you. In 2024, really, I think if -- as we've noted in our prepared remarks, incremental volume. Incremental volume, product mix -- is a main driver of product mix. And then there's a bunch of other puts and takes. And as I've noted in my prepared remarks, we expect to see much of the operational resiliency costs behind us in '24.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And for my follow-up, Greg, I was hoping you could help us kind of square some of the more muted commentary from customers such as the Texas Instruments about industrial demand, not as much automotive but a lot more industrial demand. I think they said the industrial weakness is broadening. How correlated is that demand to what you see and what your UR business sees? Because you're noticing strength in UR, but when we look at folks such as TI or Analog Devices, they were talking about weakness on the industrial side. So how correlated have these two trends been historically? And what is the kind of the right read across?
Greg Smith: So I think the answer to your question is not very. The business that we're in with UR and MiR tends to be -- it's a short lead time business. We tend to run with about four weeks of lead time and customers will use our stuff for smaller projects. Much of the rest of the industrial segment that TI and Infineon and ST are serving is towards much longer lead time projects. Some of our industrial robot competitors are working off of year-long backlogs and for process control equipment, it can be even longer than that. So what we tend to see is that the cycles of investment for advanced automation lag we do are actually a little bit out of phase with the cycles of investment for, say, factory building. And right now, we're seeing that there is significant weakness in orders for our peers in industrial automation compared to where they were a year ago. And we're actually stabilizing relative to them. And that kind of makes sense. They will build a factory, they'll start running in the factory, and then they will look at different tasks in the factory that could be automated using AMRs and cobots and then they'll make a subsequent investment to do that. So I think the answer to your question is that you can't really infer what's going to happen with our Robotics business based on the industrial semi trends.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Toshiya Hari: Good morning. Thank you. My first question, I have two. But my first question on semi test lead times. Greg, where are they today? How much have they come in over the past couple of quarters? And over the next couple of quarters, where do you see them going? And when you talk about Q1 of '24 revenue being flat, year-over-year, I guess that's for the overall company. But within your SOC test business or semi test business, what percentage of Q1 revenue do you think will be turns business?
Greg Smith: So I'll take the lead time, and then I'll pass it off for the percent of turns to Sanjay. The lead times, if you go back about a year, our lead times were running out past 26 weeks out to 39 weeks, we were way oversubscribed. And right now, we've managed to be able to tighten up the supply chain and get us to the point where our lead times are running in the 16-week timeframe, and we're aiming in the short term to get those down to something that's closer to 13 weeks. That's probably where we're going to be sitting. But again, that's sort of an average lead time. We will be maintaining some -- an ability to work within lead time for particular high-priority orders. And so going into a quarter, we will probably have a very good idea about the majority of our revenue but we will have some ability to do book-ship. And I don't know, we're scrambling through the papers to make sure we give you a good answer for the turns question here. It's actually kind of fun to watch. So have you gotten to the right page yet?
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. Yeah. Hi, a little bit of context. Obviously, with very long lead times, looking out a quarter we'd be mainly booked. And then there's always the rescheduling and stuff drops in and just the tactical kind of shifts back and forth. But overall, for the business, we see it at like 25%, 30% and then dropping down into semi test, that is in the 15% to 20% range, which we're now starting to see that, that kind of book-ship is starting to become a little bit more increasing and increasing over time. As we -- as you'd expect lead times coming down, people are going to place the orders when they believe they need them. And that's when we get the POs.
Toshiya Hari: That makes sense. Thank you. And then as my follow-up, a question on China. Your peers in WFE on the front-end side of things, they're seeing 40% to 50% of their revenue come from customers in China. I think your business peaked at about 20% China a couple of years ago, and I think the most recent quarter, you were in the low teens. With new customers and existing customers expanding capacity, is China a potentially a growth area for you guys with the time lag over the next, call it, 24 months? Or is there a reason to believe that your exposure there could stay low in given competition or what have you? Thank you.
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. Hi, it's Sanjay. I'll take kind of the first half and provide some context about our current China kind of revenue. And then maybe, Greg, if you want to take the second part of the potential growth competition. So just to provide in context, right, in 2022, 15% of our revenue is in China. In '23, year-to-date, we've got about 12% of our revenue from China. And that 12% -- about 1/4 of that 12% is really from Robotics, production board test and LitePoint. 75% is from our semi test group and about 60% of that semi test, I know a lot of percentages, but 60% of that 70% is from indigenous Chinese customers and 40% is from multinationals. So the indigenous component is roughly about 5% of our overall business really tied to semi test.
Greg Smith: And so I'll talk a little bit about the growth trends. If you decompose the business that we have in China right now, probably the part of the segment that's heaviest investment for us is really in memory. And we expect that to continue to grow. There's significant capital investment, WFE investment going into memory in China, and we have very good exposure to that. And there's also a significant growth in analog and power for automotive and industrial in China, and we serve that segment very well with our Eagle Test platform. The biggest headwind that we have in China is we are unable to sell test equipment into Huawei. That's by US regulations. And frankly, that takes the biggest single chunk of the test TAM in China out of our -- off of the table for us. So we're in there. We have a great team in China. We're competing for all the business that we can go after. And so we're hoping to kind of hold and potentially grow from where we are.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Chin with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Chin: Hi, there. Good morning. Thanks for letting us as a few questions. Greg, maybe taking your starting point, which is modest growth in the test TAM -- semiconductor test TAM next year in calendar '24. A couple of questions. What kind of market share gain might you expect given maybe the initial expected profile of test spending next year? And also what kind of semiconductor IC unit growth or demand underpins your initial forecast for next year?
Greg Smith: So right now, when we roll it up, we think that our overall ATE share is probably going to be flat to slightly up next year. No dramatic shifts from where we are. And I think there may be a bit of a tailwind because if the -- and that will depend on sort of the strength of the mobility recovery. So that's probably the biggest x-factor in terms of where share goes. Now in terms of IC unit growth, I don't have the data at my fingertips in terms of what our current expectations are. I think it's typically -- I'm almost there. Yeah. So we're looking at -- probably -- yeah. So unit growth was actually down this year, and it's coming back slightly, but it will still be below the units back in 2022 by our best guess. So the thing that's really going on is even though the units will be sort of at or below the peak that they had in 2022, the complexity growth that's happened since 2022 will drive test capacity requirements.
Brian Chin: Got it. Got it. And is there any particular end markets where you see that sort of that unit gap filled better in terms of the complexity increase?
Greg Smith: I'm sorry, could you repeat that?
Brian Chin: Thinking about sort of the high watermark semiconductor shipments in calendar '22, given some markets maybe won't retest that unit level. Where is the complexity increases or quality control increases big enough to sort of fill that gap?
Greg Smith: Yeah. So the biggest lever there is the degree to which advanced processors move to 3-nanometer technology. So it's really in the digital space. There are some tailwinds as more of the compute segment moves towards chiplet-based design. That's about a 10% to 20% tailwind on the amount of test that's required. And another area that is -- that complexity really helps is the more complex devices that are going into an automotive environment, it has a much higher test threshold than other markets. So high-performance processors for ADAS applications, those have very high test intensity for the same number of transistors is the same thing going into a phone. So that's where we're really looking for some sort of a complexity tailwind, I guess.
Brian Chin: Okay. Got it. Maybe for my second question then just -- and maybe for Sanjay. I know maybe January is when you guys like to sort of refresh your thinking the most in terms of forward financial targets, but given sort of the more subdued initial outlook for calendar '24, what is sort of your initial thinking in terms of the calendar '26 financial model?
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah. Great question. Every year, we go through a process where we go through a strategic planning process in Q4. It culminates with a review with our Board in January. And then we share an update to our earnings model. And we're just starting to go through that process now. So I think the first quick answer is, sit tight. We’ll share that with you in January. But let me provide a little bit of color to your question. We still have conviction in the overall key drivers and fundamentals of the model in test and in Robotics. I think Greg talked a little bit about them, we've narrated them. So in the -- over the mid and long term, we have conviction. Obviously, in the short term, the visibility is very muted and very cautious. And so we're going through that now. We're looking for key indicators of when the inflections will occur. But fundamentally, we believe, over the mid and long term, we're going to get to those goals. The timing, we're going to work through and provide an update in January.
Brian Chin: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you. You talked about a memory business that's being driven by speeds and kind of new standards, but we are seeing some volume pickup there. So I'm wondering, are you seeing test utilizations in memory that could drive business there at some point? And then some of your memory customers have underutilized their fabs. Any indication that, that supply comes back online?
Greg Smith: Hi, this is Greg. Hey, Joe. How are you doing? The -- so we definitely are seeing that the market is being driven this year by technology-driven retool. So HBM, DDR5, LPDDR5 and next-generation protocols. The fundamentals in the memory market are getting better. So inventory levels are coming down a bit and production rates are going up. Right now, we haven't seen that reach a trigger to drive a large amount of capacity buys. But that is one of the tailwinds that we're expecting to help a little bit in 2024, that we don't expect it to be a dramatic increase, and we would expect it to be somewhat back-end loaded because there is a fair amount of capacity that needs to be loaded before they trigger more buys, but it's definitely a tailwind.
Joe Moore: Great. And do you think that you can continue to gain share within memory given the transitions that are happening?
Greg Smith: Well, we would love to. The thing that I can tell you is that our share in memory is highest in final test and we also tend to be a first mover that we have the capability to test next-generation standards and protocols, and that allows us to sort of capture more share in that part of the market. In the wafer sort part of the market that's driven really by capacity needs, there's less differentiation, less profit and more competitors. So what we tend to see is when we're in a technology-driven retooling cycle, our share tends to be high. And when we're in a much broader capacity add that our share would tend to go down a little bit. But we're always fighting and we do have share in the wafer sort space. It's just not as high as our share in the final test space.
Joe Moore: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Steve Barger with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Barger: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Just going back to the robotics demand stabilizing, we are seeing some plateauing in some industrial markets but the long-term model appears unchanged for robotics. So as you target bigger customers, do they have more durable robots plans relative to smaller customers? Or what gives you confidence that you can get back on track to that mid-20% CAGR by 2026?
Greg Smith: Hi, Steve. So, thanks for your question. Definitely, large customers are a very different sales process and application process than small customers and robotics. So in small customers, the sales cycle can be quite short but the level of repeat purchases tends to be low. What we're seeing is we increase our direct coverage of large accounts from robotics is that they work against annual planning cycles and they come up with sort of multi project plans that they will put you into or not. And so since we started assigning more salespeople into this space in 2023, we now have a pretty rich opportunity funnel but it takes longer to get through that funnel than it does with smaller customers. So we expect to see a much greater impact from large customers in '24 than we do in '23. At the same time, there's also a lag time associated with the build-out of our OEM channel. So just to remind you, when I say OEM, what I'm talking about is we'll sell a robot to someone who has developed a repeatable solution, whether it's for adhesive application or welding or palletizing, they basically have a product that has our robot inside of it. And then they have their own sales and marketing and service to take care of distribution and customer service. So we signed up 48 new partners in 2023. Those partners have to go through that development process and build out their own distribution. So what we see is that, not all of the OEMs succeed. There's a certain percentage that do, and they tend to have an inflection about 18 to 24 months after the initial sign-up. So we'll -- we have sign-ups that have come from 2021 and 2022 that have inflected and are about to inflect. The ones that we signed up in 2023 are going to become a factor towards the end of '24 and into '25.
Steve Barger: So if I can summarize that, that longer selling cycle could help mitigate the cyclicality of the underlying markets just because of that length? Is that fair?
Greg Smith: It's fair. There's still cyclicality because big companies have lean times and investment times as well. So they sort of follow these PMI cycles a bit, but they work on longer lead times. The thing that I think we're looking at long term as a key way to reduce revenue volatility is to try to increase the amount of software and service revenue as part of our robotics business. So we're working to try and make sure that we can develop some recurring revenue streams in that space. And we think that, that will have a good effect. Not immediately, but by the end of this -- by sort of the '26, '27 timeframe.
Steve Barger: And so that's a good segue to a quick follow-up. You mentioned being ready to execute M&A if something makes sense, which I don't recall being a big topic the past few quarters. Are you thinking more about that? And where would you focus on that across the portfolio?
Greg Smith: So we're always thinking about M&A. So the -- just to remind you, our capital allocation strategy is that accretive M&A is the highest priority identified use for capital. When we do not find suitable M&A targets, we return that cash flow to our investors, primarily through buybacks. And of course, we have the dividend as well. We always have a pipeline running. We're always looking at things, and we don't comment on what's in our pipeline.
Steve Barger: Got it. Thanks.
Andy Blanchard: All right, operator, we're about out of time. So I'd like to just thank everybody for joining. And if you have questions, please reach out directly to me, Andy Blanchard. Take care and look forward to talking to you over the weeks ahead. Bye-bye.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference, and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Teradyne Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Andy Blanchard, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, Andy. You may begin.
Andy Blanchard: Thank you, operator. And good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne’s most recent financial results. I’m joined this morning by our CEO, Greg Smith; and our CFO, Sanjay Mehta. Following our opening remarks, we’ll provide details of our performance for 2023’s second quarter, along with our outlook for the third quarter. Press release containing our second quarter results was issued last evening. We’re providing slides on the Investor page of the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion. Replays of this call will be available via the same page after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne’s results to differ materially from management’s current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release, as well as our most recent SEC filings. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today’s call, we’ll make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We’ve posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure were available on the Investor page of the website. Looking ahead, between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne expects to participate in technology or industrial-focused investor conferences hosted by KeyBanc, Jefferies, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, Citi and Evercore ISI. Now let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, Greg will comment on our recent results and the market conditions as we enter the third quarter. Sanjay will then offer more details on our quarterly results along with our guidance for the third quarter. We'll then answer your questions. This call is scheduled for one hour. Greg?
Greg Smith: Thanks Andy, and good morning, everyone. Today, I’ll summarize our Q2 and first half results. Comment on the current business conditions and our view of the second half. Sanjay will provide the financial details on Q2, our outlook for Q3 and offer some financial guide posts for the rest of the year. Second quarter sales were at the top our guidance range as supply constraints eased. Earnings were above our guide on higher gross margins. At the halfway point of the year, overall company performance has unfolded as expected but at the segment level, tester was incrementally stronger in robotics weaker. In semiconductor tester, we are four quarters into a correction cycle driven by excess inventory, which has hit the mobility part of the market hardest. Automotive demand has remained strong and in memory test, the growth of DDR5 and HBM devices for data center applications are driving retooling. In our wireless and system tests businesses, demand remains muted unchanged from our April view. Robotics demand has softened over the past three months with worsening PMIs and the short-term impacts of the transformation of the UR distribution channel. Looking forward to the rest of 2023, we estimate the 2023 SOC test market will be $3.7 billion to $4.1 billion, down 13% to 21% from 2022. But up from our outlook in April. The continued weakness in mobility has been offset by sustained strength in the automotive segment. Also since April, the accelerating build out of AI enabled cloud computing is driving test demand for compute and networking. In memory test, we expect the market will be at the low end of a $900 million to $1 billion range we described in April. In this market, the impact of AI is evident, especially in the HBM DRAM segment, where we see incrementally stronger test demand for Magnum products through the second half of 2023. Although HBM represents a small portion of the overall memory market, it is in a rapid growth phase, moving from under 5% of the test market last year to 10% to 15% of the market in 2023. And our HBM share is higher than our overall memory share. This technology driven strength is offset by weaker capacity buys, especially in Flash for mobile applications. Despite the current downturn, we remain confident about the future of the semiconductor test market. Primary growth driver is an insatiable demand for increasing device complexity. This can be seen in cloud and edge AI applications like ADAS systems, spatial computing and privacy focused consumer applications. These require enormous compute power, tireless higher wireless data rates, and more sophisticated power management. We expect the automotive tam will grow at a faster rate than the rest of the SOC market through this midterm, driven by the growth of EVs and hybrids, broader adoption of features such as ADAS, cabin lighting and infotainment, and the high test intensity required to achieve automotive quality levels. The trend of vertically integrated producers or VIPs is a fundamental disruption to the computing segment and is beneficial to Teradyne. Companies that provide cloud computing, cloud AI and edge AI are seeking to differentiate their solutions by taking control of chip design. Efforts that began a few years ago are now beginning to proliferate in data centers and vehicles and this trend will accelerate. Over the midterm we expect the VIP portion of the compute segment will grow faster than the overall compute segment, and our share will be higher than in traditional compute customers. The semiconductor industry has a process technology roadmap that supports these new more complex devices. Three nanometer is ramping now, and two nanometer and gate all around are coming soon. In advanced packaging, we see broader adoption of stack dye for high bandwidth memory and chiplets for processors. These new technologies will drive longer test times and retooling to test new interface standards. Rolling that all up our growth hypothesis for the semiconductor test market remains unchanged. A similar complexity roadmap drives our wireless and system test businesses. In Wireless Test, new standards like Wi Fi 60, and 7 require new or upgraded test equipment. In system test, increased device complexity is broadening the adoption of SLT and a very solid pipeline and defense and aerospace puts our system test group on a solid foundation for growth. Shifting to the Robotics portfolio, I want to take a moment to highlight that Ujjawal Kumar joined Teradyne earlier this month, as the new President of our Robotics Group, which includes UR and MiR. Ujjawal joins us from Honeywell, where he ran the process solutions business. His industrial automation and software background combined with the deep experience in building businesses through organic and inorganic growth across multiple end markets is a great addition for Teradyne. And we are delighted to have him join our leadership team. In the second quarter, robotics demand softened significantly. The trends that we noted in April have continued and intensified, challenging economic conditions, particularly low PMIs in Europe and the US have resulted in lower demand in our highest revenue regions. We have previously noted the channel transformation work at UR was having an impact on pipeline conversion. This trend has continued in Q2. Large accounts development and the build out of the OEM channel are progressing well, but not quickly enough to cover for the market softness in the quarter. With lead times under five weeks change in end market demand especially with our current high exposure to small and medium sized businesses is felt quickly. However, there is no shortage in interest in our human scale automation products. We saw record lead generation from two major automation trade shows in the quarter, but there's a clear reluctance from customers to place orders in the short term. As the result, we are now projecting full year revenue for our robotics group to be flat to down 10% from last year. Despite the difficult macro environment and the short term impact of our distribution changes, we believe that we will emerge from 2023 in a stronger position in robotics. On the new product front. We began shipments in the quarter of our higher payload longer reach UR20. Customers serving welding and metal fabrication and palletizing across a number of industrial verticals have driven demand for the UR20 and a triple digit unit backlog. We will see our first UR20 revenue in Q3 and ramped shipments through the second half. We also introduced MiR insights, a cloud based tool to enable near customers to monitor and optimize large fleets across multiple workflows and sites more effectively. We are transforming the UR distribution channel in 2023. Recall, we are complementing our existing distribution channel with direct touch coverage at large customers and adding OEM partners that have high long-term growth potential. In the short term, it appears this shift is slowing sales from distributors that were dependent on a high level of UR sales support. Longer term however, the change puts our focus on customers with the highest revenue potential. Although, these changes will take several quarters to yield, we're confident that we're on the right path. We've added 28 new OEM partners so far this year, and are working with our distribution partners to directly engage with over 200 large customers. At MiR, our focus on large accounts is yielding good results. This year, our installed base at large customers has grown 3x the rate of our overall installed base. We view robotics as a long-term opportunity. The market drivers are clear, aging populations, rising wages, labor shortage and the reshoring of production to reduce costs and cycle time. We have innovative market leading products serving a market that has the potential to grow to 10s of billions of dollars per year. Our customers have already demonstrated the value of our product and ecosystem in their operations. And they're partnering with us to extend our robots performance to expand the range of tasks they're planning to automate. Teradyne brings the foundational expertise and engineering operations and customer support needed to enable UR and MiR to become premier providers of human scale automation. We are putting the structure in place to support $1 billion in profitable sales by the end of the midterm. This is a long term project. But we are seeing the early signs of this work yielding. Wrapping it all up, our test businesses are performing better than planned through the first six months. And we expect that performance to continue through the second half. Automotive and memory our strongest markets in test this year. And a combination of inventory reductions and new products should enable the mobility market to recover next year. Our robotics business was below plan in the first half. And while we expect the stronger second half of the group, we expect to be the below our growth and financial plan for the full year. Our plans to transform our distribution and expand our product line are on track. We are carefully managing our spending in this business while we execute these changes. With that, I'll turn things over to Sanjay for the financial details. Sanjay?
Sanjay Mehta: Thank you, Greg. Good morning, everyone. Today I'll cover the financial summary of Q2, provide our Q3 outlook and full year planning assumptions. I will also update you on our supply chain and resiliency progress. Now to Q2. Second quarter sales were $684 million, which was at the high end of our guide with non-GAAP EPS $0.79, which was above our high guide of $0.74. Non- GAAP gross margins were 58.8%. Above our guidance due to deferred resiliency costs until later in the year and improved product mix. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $251 million flat with the first quarter. Non-GAAP operating profit was 22%. We had one 10% customer in the quarter. The tax rate excluding discrete items for the quarter was 16.5% on a GAAP basis and 17.2% on a non-GAAP basis. Semi test revenue for the quarter was $475 million with SOC revenue contributing $355 million and memory $120 million. As Greg noted, we continue to see SOC strength concentrated in the auto end market. Memory sales were weighted towards technology driven buys as the industry ramps new, higher speed devices like protocol Flash for smartphones, DDR5 and HBM DRAM for server applications. System test group Q2 revenue was $94 million with $38 million in storage test, which has been down all year on continued low SLT and HDD production demand. In Wireless Test, revenue was $44 million in Q2 with ongoing low demand from both PC and smartphone end markets. Now to robotics. Revenue in Q2 was $72 million with UR contributing $58 million and MiR $14 million, which was below plan as Greg noted. FX did not have a material impact on our top or bottom line results. Shifting back to the company level financials, our free cash flow was $104 million in the quarter. We repurchased $135 million of shares in the quarter, paid $17 million in dividends and settled $2 million of debt. We have $33 million of convertible debt remaining. We ended the quarter with $813 million in cash and marketable securities. Now to our outlook for Q3. Q3 sales are expected to be between $650 million and $710 million, with non-GAAP EPS in a range of $0.61 to $0.81on 163 million diluted shares. The third quarter guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles, and restructuring and other charges. This outlook is above our April view at the company level. But under the covers test is incrementally stronger, and robotics softer. Third quarter gross margins are estimated at 56% to 57%. OpEx is expected to run at 35% to 38% of third quarter sales down slightly from Q2. Non- GAAP operating profit rate at the midpoint of our third quarter guidance is 20%. A little more color on our revenue and gross margin profile for the second half. Our revenue guidance excludes approximately $35 million of test demand tied to supply constraints in Q3, which we expect to resolve in Q4. As a result, we expect Q4 revenue to be similar to the Q3 level. If we clear some of the supply constraints earlier. Some Q4 revenue and resulting profits will shift into Q3. That will put second half revenue at roughly 51% of the full year. Shifting to gross margins. Our long-term model has gross margins at 59% to 60%. In 2021 and 2022, we were in our model range with margins of 59.6% and 59.2% respectively. In April, we noted that we expected full year 2023 gross margins to be at 57% to 58% due in part to transitory costs of adding new manufacturing sites for our test products. Geographically multi sourcing components and sub-assemblies to reduce supply line risks. We're also developing multi country capability of some of our design services work. In past calls, we know that expected margins to be lowest in Q1 and improved through the year. However, the timing of these resiliency costs shifted to later in the year, which was a driver of outperformance on gross margin in Q1 and Q2. Since that spending will now happen in the second half, our margins in Q3 and Q4 will drop to reflect these costs. Net-net, we continue to expect 57% to 58% gross margins for the full year. However, some of these transitory resiliency costs have been deferred until the second half of the year. Regarding OpEx for the full year, no change from our prior guide as we expect full year 2023 OpEx to be roughly flat compared with 2022. Now to profitability for robotics for the full year. As Greg mentioned, we expect lower robotic sales for the year. Even at these reduced revenue levels. Robotics gross margins are above the corporate average. And while we expect UR to be profitable, the robotics group overall is now expected to have an operating loss for the year. Our GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates are forecasted to be 16.5% and 17% respectively, in 2023. Summing up, our stronger test businesses in Q2 more than balanced weaker robotic shipments, leading to sales at the high end of guidance with gross margin improvements yielding profits above our high guidance. We're executing our plan to improve the resiliency of our supply chain and engineering services. We're modeling full year gross margins in the 57% to 58% range in line with our April outlook and are on track to hold our full year OpEx flat with last year. We have a strong balance sheet to support organic and inorganic growth, while we continue returning excess cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. With that I'll turn the call back over to Andy. Andy?
Andy Blanchard : Thanks, Sanjay. Operator would now like to take some questions and as a reminder, please limit yourself to one question and a follow up.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Tim Arcuri with UBS.
Tim Arcuri: Thanks a lot. I had a question on the revision of the TAM, SOC Tam. So you took it up about $300 million. Can you talk about where that's coming from? Is that all in autos? So autos go from six to nine this year? And then also in that you, I think you previously had said that your share would be in the kind of 38% to 39% range this year? Is that still the expectation even on this higher Tam?
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. Roughly at the midpoint, last time, we got to the SOC Tam, at the midpoint about 3.6. Now, obviously, it's Greg noted 3.7 to 4.1. So roughly a $300 million increase. And that's really tied to the compute market as a key driver. And there's we're rounding to hundreds of millions. So it's, but it's mainly in compute. And I would say, from a share perspective, our view on the full years that were roughly flat may tick a bit.
Tim Arcuri: Okay. Got it, then can you give a sense of just storage for the full year and sort of how you see that evolving next year? I think the expectation is still that it's going to be very soft in Q4. And then do you think that's going to rebounded to kind of get into the first part of next year?
Greg Smith : So this is Greg. Yes, we think that storage is sort of running along at a minimal ship rate, we're going to expect to continue at that rate. And there might be a recovery in 2024. But I don't think it would be a first half thing. I think that there's still a fair amount of softness in the end market for HDD, a fair amount of oversupply. So it's really only when we're going to see significant capacity inflection when hammer comes online, and demand increases, that will drive higher test times and ultimately drive additional capacity purchases. But that's probably further out in time than the first half of next year.
Operator: Our next question is from Mehdi Hosseini with SIG.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Just going back to SOC Tam, want to get an update how you see the transistor density growth evolving into 2024. I remind you a couple of years ago, the SOC test was benefiting handsomely. And then we hit the pause. And I'm just trying to get an understanding of how the growth rate is evolving into next year. And I have a follow up.
Greg Smith : Good morning, Mehdi, this is Greg. So the semiconductor process roadmap seems to be pretty much in line with what we saw before, perhaps a little bit of ramping three nanometer a little bit more slowly than we would have expected maybe back in 2020. But in terms of compared to recent events, it's pretty much on track. The key thing is that those complexity transitions are occurring in a market where end unit volumes, especially in mobile are significantly down. So even though the complexity increases are happening, and we are seeing sort of the expected changes in test time, there is a fair amount of idle capacity because of the unit declines that's being filled versus at driving new tester purchases. So I hope that answered your questions. But basically, we think that the pace of new process adoption is kind of going as we expected.
Mehdi Hosseini: Does that imply that the growth rate would accelerate in ‘24 or would remain the same?
Greg Smith : So I think our view of 2024 is that the number of high volume three nanometer devices is definitely going to increase, so there'll be more chips on three nanometers. And the sort of third party reports that we see around end market is that it's up but not up dramatically. So I've seen numbers between 3% and 5% in terms of smartphone unit volume increases. So we definitely think that there's going to be three nanometer coming from more fabs, they're going to be more parts on three nanometers. And volumes are going to be up. So we think that 2024 is going to be incrementally stronger than 2023.
Operator: Our next question is from Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Greg, I think in the last call, you said test utilization in Q1, was kind of a generational low. Where do you think it is now? Because when I look at where consensus expectations are for Teradyne next year, they are for almost 25% growth. And I'm trying to understand when do you start to see the orders to justify those kinds of growth expectations if utilization still remains at these kinds of generational lows?
Greg Smith : Good morning, Vivek. Thanks for the question. So the good news is that utilization hasn't gotten any worse. So tam it's up a bit so in the 2% to 5% increase in terms of utilization of Teradyne equipment. So our view is really of our own fleet, the thing that I will tell you is that there is a significant disparity in utilization between IDM and subcons. So, utilization inside of IDM is in the upper 80s. And that's well into the range where our customers are actively adding capacity. And that's really the strength that we see in automotive. In subcons, the utilization is nearly 20 points lower, but it is heading in the right direction. So I think it's a really good question in terms of how much that idle capacity will impact the size of business in 2024. So we are. that's sort of factored into our plans, we think 2024 would be stronger, but we really don't have a great idea about how much stronger it will be.
Vivek Arya: And then maybe one follow-up on the IA business, right? It's very innovative, the value proposition makes sense. But it has sort of consistently underperformed its potential, and I don't think it's ever been profitable. And I'm curious, what has been the disconnect? Is it really a structural growth business? Because it's actually declined two of the last four years? So what's been that disconnect? What will change in the future? And just kind of related to that do you think the competitive and pricing environment will be more or less favorable in that business for the next few years?
Greg Smith : So it's a good question. The first thing that I'll point out is that the group has consistently underperformed our profit targets, it hasn't consistently lost money. So this is, I think this is really the first year where we're projecting a loss for that group. But you're right, we are in robotics for growth, and we're not delivering the growth that we expect it to from this from this business. And what we're really discovering is that there's a, f I'm going to sort of sum it up, we misunderstood how large the potential end market is, and how much the early years of those business was driven by very sophisticated early adopters, people that were like, robot enthusiast. And what we found is that as we satisfied those early enthusiasts and started moving into a larger market, where people were more focused on just buying a solution, that they didn't have the skills that they needed to put these robots into operation. So that's the logic behind our transformation in the channel at UR that by shifting more emphasis towards solution providers like OEMs, we're going to be able to provide solutions that are at the level of the capability of our customers. And by directly connecting to larger customers. Those are customers that have the heft to be able to maintain and implement the robots within their organizations. So I think that the thing that's that we're discovering is that the challenge in robotics isn't as much around technology as it is a go-to-market and a product market fit challenge. And we have a lot of evidence that our products do deliver value, we just are working out the best way to get them into the hands of our customers in a way that they're going to be able to easily adopt them.
Andy Blanchard: Competitive environment.
Greg Smith : Oh, yes. So thanks for the cue, Andy. So in terms of the competitive environment, the UR is a clear leader in its space, it has more than 3x the market share of our nearest competitor. And our shares in the mid-30s. We are, we see two kinds of competitors, industrial robot makers that are pivoting into Cobots. And sort of pure play cobot companies, mostly from China, we have not lost any significant share to the industrial robot players that have entered the cobot market in the past couple of years. But we have lost a few points of share to the Chinese pure play entrance. And almost all of that share losses specifically in China. So I said that our share was like mid-30s. worldwide, if you exclude China, our share worldwide is over 50% or around 50%. And it's much- much lower in China. And to be really frank, we are struggling with coming up with the best solution to gain share in China because a lot of that market is being served at prices that aren't profitable for us. And we're not really interested in growth at the expense of overall profitability. In AMRs, it's the Wild-Wild West, we have about the total AMR market is about $2 billion per year, and our share is probably in the range of about 3%. And we're in a crowd of a whole bunch of other companies that are in that 1% to 6% range. The thing there is that it's very fragmented, there's no clear leader and we are really working on trying to establish strategic relationships with global customers, because they're the ones that have the ability to adopt large fleets. So I think we see competition, but we believe that it's fragmented and will be able to outperform.
Operator: Our next question is from C.J. Muse with Evercore ISI.
C.J. Muse: Yes. Good morning. Thank you for taking the question. I guess first question, I was hoping you could speak in more detail around the $35 million shortage? Is that specific to auto? And I guess what would enable those revenues to come in earlier in Q3?
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. Hi, it’s Sanjay, thanks for the question. I'd say spread across the entire semi test portfolio across many of the product lines. And the supply shortages are, as I've noted, in the past, really tied to analog and linear logic, a couple of other items, but those are the ones that as we're working with our supply chain partners to supply comes online to enable that. And so right now, it's excluded from the range. And we're trying to be transparent, just as we have over the last couple of years. And I just want to be clear that if that does come out of Q4, and is provided into Q3, it shouldn't have an overall impact on the second half of the year.
C.J. Muse: Makes sense. I guess for mobility for ‘24. You gave some great detail earlier, but was hoping perhaps you could kind of rank order three nanometer complexity unit growth, potential for edge AI demand and any other kind of drivers we should be thinking about to support growth for that business next year.
Greg Smith : It’s specifically in mobile or –
C.J. Muse: Yes.
Greg Smith : So in mobile, I would say that we bake edge AI into the complexity factor. So the edge AI is the market pole that is causing the chipset, the mobile processors developers to go to three nanometer and to increase their transistor counts a lot. So I lumped then and I think that's probably the key driver for complexity in mobile is increasing the capability for AI in the handset. Having said that, the pace at which complexity increases is kind of linear, it's not, it hasn't inflected up, it's not inflecting down, it's been a pretty consistent factor. The thing that we see inflecting in 2024 is the unit volume. So when we look at this, we tend to look at peak quarters, peak shipment quarters, and the peak shipment quarter in 2020 was 20%, higher than the peak shipment, quarter in 2022 for smartphones. And that's a pretty big hole to try and dig out of. So, next year, unit volume is going to inflect. And complexity has been increasing over the past, will have been over the past four years. So we expect to see unit volume being the driver
Operator: Our next question is from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.
Samik Chatterjee: Oh, hi. Thanks for taking my questions. I guess if I can start on somewhat related topic on AI, you mentioned the benefit, or the demand you're seeing on the memory side, but maybe if you can share your thoughts about 2024 looking at next year, where sort of the biggest impact on the business will be from AI demand perspective, memory and any other pieces that you see that demand coming through and I have a follow up. Thank you.
Greg Smith : So cloud AI driving HBM and DDR5 is something that we expect to continue, it's still a minority of the DRAM shipments. And so there's significant room for it to grow. And there's also less oversupply in those parts than there is in the general DRAM market. The application of AI in mobile is going to drive the adoption of next generation flash protocols. And that will also drive performance of tester sales into that segment. And then when you look in the SOC space, there's significant business, of course, for traditional compute suppliers. But it is the primary driver for vertically integrated producers to be developing their chips. And so where we're looking for growth in those VIPs in 2024, for both especially for cloud AI, hyper scalar type stuff, but also in terms of AI capabilities and vehicles, we expect that that's going to be a driver of business from those nontraditional compute players.
Samik Chatterjee: Okay, and the follow up. Just going back to Vivek’s question on robotics, profitability, I mean, we can see that, based on what you've done in that segment, looks like breakeven point is more sort of around $360 million to $400 million annually in terms of revenue. Any thoughts in terms of what level of scale you need to get to your internal sort of targets in relation to profitability in that segment? And as you think about the sort of next few quarters, what does the turnaround in revenue look like? How long -- how much longer before the distribution channel hiccups are out of the way? And then you're more dependent on the macro? Any views on that as well. Thank you.
Greg Smith : Sure. So let me take that backwards. So in terms of how long does it take, we expect that we're going to see significant improvement in Q4 of this year, related both to the release of the UR20. And also, that will have given us kind of 12 months of direct account coverage in some large accounts, which is on par with what our normal sales cycle is. So we're hoping to see some improvement in Q4 results over where we are now. In terms of the scale for profitability, I think it's probably best to talk about that in terms of where we are now and where we're heading to. So our target going into 2023 was that this group was going to yield 5% to 15% profit. And we've capitulated against that because we're not achieving the growth. That is our baseline in terms of our planning for next year is to return to that range. And by the time we are at the end of this midterm in the ’22 to ’26 timeframe, we expect that profitability range to eke up a couple of points from there. But the answer to when the profits that we make from robotics is in the same range as our sort of mature semi test business. That really depends on the growth rate that we're seeing as we exit this midterm. So if we're on track, and that business is growing 20% to 30% per year, then we're going to continue to drive it in that 10% to 20% profit range, because we see a tremendous, a larger future value by doing that, if we're seeing that we've misunderstood the scale of this $500 billion potential end market, then we will be changing gears and trying to reduce our OpEx in those groups to try and get into the same range as the rest of the company. The rule of thumb that we are, that are we're planning to is we want that group to operate at a rule of 40. And I would be delighted to have it, delivering 30% growth and 10% profit exiting the midterm, because that means that we'd be on track for having that unit at multiple billions of dollars over the long term.
Operator: Our next question is from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking the question. Greg, question on the auto and industrial semiconductor test businesses. I guess the level set I was hoping you could share what roughly what percentage of SOC tests revenue in calendar ‘23 will likely come from auto and industrial? And I guess more importantly, how are you thinking about sustainability into ‘24? I think this has been one of the most extended upturns for your customers. And for you guys as well. I think collectively, we appreciate the long-term secular drivers and you spoke to some of them in your script. But how are you thinking about the cycle into ‘24?
Greg Smith : Yes, so why don't I, I'll take the second half of your question. And I'll pass it off to Sanjay for the sort of exact splits in terms of this year. In terms of sustainability, the key thing that we're looking at is the increasing attach rate of semiconductors in cars. So there's the rate of EVs, as a percentage of the whole fleet is about a 20% CAGR. And I like that the portion of EVs is growing as a portion of the total car market, and there's twice as much semiconductors in EV as there is in a standard internal combustion car. When you roll all that together, what we're seeing is that the dollar value of semiconductors in each car shift is increasing at about a 12% rate. And that's a lot faster than the total semiconductor revenue CAGR. So there's this underlying driver in terms of an increasing attach rate. That's pretty, it's a fair amount larger than the variation in automotive demand. So the automotive demand is going to continue to cycle and there certainly could be periods of overbuying and periods of absorption coming in the future. But the fact that the utilization is as high as it is right now, and the end market fundamentals are this strong, we don't see that kind of softness. Coming into this year, we weren't as confident that it was going to sustain. Now, I do separate industrial out from automotive and industrial is it doesn't show the same kind of fundamental strength. There are some parts of the industrial market that are booming around clean energy, and in terms of the manufacturing infrastructure for EVs and batteries and stuff like that. That is certainly consuming semiconductors and it's helped driving significant growth of our business testing, high power discrete devices like GaN and Silicon Carbide. So we see strength in industrial it's not as pervasive as the strength we see in automotive. Does that answer that part of your question?
Toshiya Hari: That's super helpful. And then, Sanjay, any color on how, yes, thank you.
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. From, let me take it from a market and then bring it down to revenue for context. So we view in our view of the market size, we view that auto and industrial has about 25% of the SOC tam this year. And relative to our revenue, we believe that of the SOC revenue that we have, it's about 35% of our revenue, or just under roughly 20% of our revenue overall. That's how we see the year unfold.
Toshiya Hari: That's very helpful. Thank you. And then as my follow up, curious, Greg, how you're thinking about the memory test tam into ‘24? I think the markets been very consistent over the past several years, somewhere in the $900 million to $1 billion range, this year is I guess, no exception. But given what you're seeing in HBM, given what we hope to be a recovery in ‘24, across DRAM and NAND. Is there a possibility the market kind of breaks out? And it's closer to $1.5 billion? Is that realistic? And I guess, importantly how should we be thinking about your market share? I mean, you spoke about your presence in HBM being higher than your average in DRAM. But if you can kind of provide a little more context, that will be helpful. Thank you.
Greg Smith : Yes. So it's, the memory market is famously volatile. And it is remarkable that the TAMS have been as stable as they've been over the past couple of years. I, it's too early in the year right now, for us to really peg dollar value or even a range for next year. I am optimistic that there is -- that there are more up forces than down forces against the memory tam next year. So you have sort of a consistent pace of technology adoption that we think is going to continue, we think that HBM is going to continue to grow as a portion of the memory business, we think that transitions to new protocols are going to happen. And from what I've seen in the analysis of the memory makers, it appears that they're working through their inventory, and that they may be in a position to start adding more capacity in terms of the mainstream of their business. So I think it's, I think it'll be up but I'm not going to -- I'm not going to agree with the number that you put out there.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Chin with Stifel.
Brian Chin: Hi, there. Good morning. Thanks for letting us ask a question. Maybe I should just re clarify something. And this is sort of the math around industrial automation. I think to achieve the low end of your revised flat down 10% forecast, I might have to put input a pretty, very strong sequential growth in 4Q, even beyond kind of normal seasonal, is that correct? And if so, what are you factoring in? And does that include like rev rec on that backlog of your 20s that you have or something else?
Greg Smith : Yes, so I think the way I would model it is normal seasonal Q4 plus the additional shipments of UR20. So we were expecting, our Q4 is always our strongest quarter of the year. And we have -- we've been taking orders for the UR20 for nearly a year at this point. And we have a significant backlog that will support sort of a new layer or basically represents additional SAM that we're serving that we were unable to serve before.
Brian Chin: Got it. And that just sort of the release point is 4Q, why that sort of backlog up to the end of the year?
Greg Smith : No. So we began shipments of the robot at the end of the second quarter, we will recognize that revenue plus continue shipments in the third quarter, but the volume per week is increasing as we go through Q4. So the bulk of the revenue is going to be in Q4.
Brian Chin: Okay, got it. Thanks, Greg. And then just curious. Yes, on the other side of sort of the inventory correction, just curious how are you thinking about sort of native demand, a lot of talk about complexity here? Testing, understandably so, when you think about native demand for smartphones, on the other side, this unit correction, do you kind of even though it's been a big driver of the test, CAGR historically in relation to auto in relation to high performance compute maybe parts of the memory tam as well. Do you think SOC mobile, potentially is a bit of a drag on the test CAGR over the midterm.
Greg Smith : So, it's interesting, we had a conversation about this yesterday. And we expect a pretty robust recovery in mobile over time. But at this, like while this has been going on, the amount of semiconductors in cars and the complexity of semiconductors in cars, is really accelerating. And the investments around cloud computing, and especially AI accelerated cloud computing are proceeding at a pretty good clip. So when you look back in time are sort of a large portion of the whole SOC tam was mobile and there were years for us where it was over 50% of our SOC sales went into that space. What we see looking forward is we think the whole market is going to grow at kind of 8% to 13% CAGR. That mobile will come back, but the rest of the market will have grown so that it's less concentrated in that area. So it's not like mobile's dead. But we think that there's a greater level of diversity across segments looking forward.
Operator: Our next question is from Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank.
Sidney Ho: Great, thanks. I just want to follow up with that Brian's question. If you look at Q4 guidance of being flat, quarter-over-quarter, you talk about the robotics business up quite a bit in Q4, but what gets you to flat revenue, in terms of what are the businesses are down taking any particular segment you would call out that may be below normal seasonality?
Sanjay Mehta: Well, hi, it's Sanjay here. Thanks for the question. I think it's just the timing within our semi test portfolio that you're seeing kind of the ebbs and flows. It's not uncommon for Q4, and some of our tests businesses to have a lower Q4. It's nothing more than that.
Sidney Ho: Okay, that's fair. If I maybe switch over to talk about the compute SOC, Tam, sounds like that is definitely stronger, you raise it, the overall Tam. But maybe within a computer, it's now $1.3 billion instead of $1 billion that you talked about quarter ago. Within that number, how should we think about the vertically integrated producers today? And how that can look like next year? And maybe what kind of market share are you expecting within the VIP group that you mentioned?
Greg Smith : So one of the things that we have highlighted about VIP is because there are a relatively small number of players, and the parts that they're producing are quite complex, that it's going to be spotty that there will be capacity buys that happen for particular devices, and they will, and so one customer will pop and then a different customer will pop. So, we think that year-on-year from 2022 to 2023, the VIP tam is going to be down a bit. Our share like last year, we had more than $100 million of revenue in VIPs. This year, it's probably between $50 million and $100 million. So I don't know exactly what it'll be in 2024. But by the time we get out to 2026, we think that TAM is probably going to be somewhere north of $500 million so it's going to be a significant chunk of the overall SOC Tam by the time we exit this midterm.
Operator: Our next question is from Krish Sankar with TD Cowen.
Krish Sankar: Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I have two have them. Greg, I'm just curious on the DDR5 and high bandwidth memory tests. Is it skewed more towards wafer tests or final tests? And what is your market share in either of those, and then I had a follow up.
Greg Smith : So the fun thing about HBM is that it, it doesn't go into a package. So it's essentially all way for test, there are two phases of that wafer tests. So there's a test of the memory itself. And then there is an interface performance test, which is done at the wafer level. And so once all of that test takes place, and the HBM has been built up, then it gets shipped off to be incorporated into a chiplet base design for the final product. The tam that we're talking about for HBM test is probably roughly split about half and half between the core testing and the performance testing.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Very helpful. And then just to follow up on the VIP, you said it's going to be $50 million to $100 million this year, compared to almost over $100 million last year. Is that basically skewed towards one customer? Or one auto customer for you? Or is it more diversified?
Greg Smith : No, it's much, much more diverse. So last year, like what you could probably think about is that the broad diversity of customers from last year to this year is actually increasing. But last year, on top of that broad base, a single customer did pop for a lot of capacity. So I think that's, so I guess the answer to your question is yes and no.
Operator: Our next question is from Atif Malik with Citigroup.
Atif Malik: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. Greg, I have a question on your robotics business. You spoke about two challenges. Teradyne not able to build OEM channels fast enough. And then macro environment. And I'm just trying to understand how much of this is on you guys? And how much of it is on macro? Is it more like 60% on you guys for not building the channel? Also these higher weight robots and 40% macro, if you can help have a thought on that kind of split.
Greg Smith : So it's a tough split to make. Because if you compare us to peers in industrial automation, we have a significantly different lead time profile than most industrial automation player. So we're working with kind of five weekly times. And for industrial robots and for standard automation, those lead times are out kind of two quarters. So we tend to compare what our business is doing to what their businesses are doing looking at order rates. And so if you look at order rates for say you are, we're down roughly 10%, year-on-year. So first half of ‘22 to the first half of ‘23. If you look at some of our robot, industrial robotics peers, they're down 20% or greater over that same comparison period. So there's definitely a broad economic headwind that we're facing. But because we're coming into this space as a disruptor, we would expect to have significantly higher growth than the main players. And right now, we're not happy with the growth that we're seeing. We also think that we should have greater immunity to these cycles, because we're solving a problem that these manufacturers have, whether it's good business or bad business. And so I think what you're seeing is our current distribution is quite vulnerable to macroeconomic cycles, and the distribution, the distribution setup that we're moving towards, is going to be more suited to deliver consistent results. So I would say that it's, honestly, I think it's mostly macroeconomic that the macroeconomic headwinds are particularly bad, given the types of customers that we serve and the way that we serve them. The build out of OEM and large account coverage is something that's going to give us better immunity in future headwinds.
A - Andy Blanchard: Okay, and operator, we are out of time. So everyone, thank you for joining us today and those in the queue I will follow up shortly after this call. And we look forward to talking with you in the days and weeks ahead. Bye-bye,
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Teradyne First Quarter 2023 Earnings Call and Webcast. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Andy Blanchard, VP, Corporate Communications. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Andrew Blanchard: Thank you, Latonya. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our CEO, Greg Smith; and our CFO, Sanjay Mehta. Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for 2023 first quarter, along with our outlook for the second quarter. The press release containing our first quarter results was issued last evening. We're providing slides on the Investor page of the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion. Replays of this call will be available via the same page after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the safe harbor statement contained in the earnings release as well as our most recent SEC filings. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we'll make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We've posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure where applicable on the Investor page of our website. Looking ahead between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne expects to participate in technology or industrial-focused investor conferences hosted by JPMorgan, KeyBanc, Cowen, Stifel and Bank of America. Now let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, Greg will comment on our results and the market conditions as we enter the second quarter. Sanjay will then offer more details on our quarterly results, along with our guidance for the second quarter. We'll then answer your questions, and this call is scheduled for one hour. Greg?
Greg Smith: Thanks, Andy, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will summarize our Q1 results, comment on the current environment and outline how we see the market developing. Sanjay will then provide the financial details on Q1, our outlook for Q2 and some thoughts on full-year planning. From a financial perspective, we delivered first quarter sales above the midpoint of our guidance range, with earnings above the high guide on improved gross margins. In Q1, our flexible business model enabled us to convert improving component availability in semiconductor test into additional revenue and profit, and our robotics businesses delivered on plan for the quarter. Stepping back from the Q1 results, I would like to outline our view of the current market conditions and how we expect the next few quarters to unfold. In semiconductor test, lower end market demand and high channel inventory is persisting. And our measures of tester utilization in Q1 of 2023 are at their lowest level in over 10 years. The weakness is concentrated in Compute and Mobility SoC test and reflects further erosion in end market demand in 2023. After a 20% decline in PC shipments in 2022, they are forecast to decline an additional 4% this year. Smartphones dropped 10% in 2022 and are forecasted to drop another 4% in 2023. We have clearly seen utilization weaken as well. Intel inventory levels in these supply chains come into balance and the utilization levels improve, we expect test demand for these markets to remain at low levels. As a result, we don't expect any 10% customers in these end markets in 2023. Over the past four years, the Compute and Mobility segments have represented over 70% of the SoC market, so weakness in these segments has an outsized impact on the overall industry. There are however, several factors beyond inventory alone that make forecasting in this cycle challenging. These factors are likely to impact both the depth of the cycle and the shape of the cycle recovery. The first is the strength in the other roughly 30% of the SoC test market, automotive and industrial test. The demand that we're seeing here is stronger and more persistent than we expected in January. Tester utilization at IDM customers that drive this sector is substantially higher than at OSATs, which primarily serve the Compute and Mobility markets. In fact, high demand has pushed out our tester lead times for some configurations to be longer than our target. Wafer capacity expansion plans announced by many of our automotive and industrial customers bode well for sustained demand for us in these segments. Strength in these segments is being driven by a wide range of new and growing device applications such as EVs, autonomous driving and the digitization of industrial activity. We also see these customers working to replenish the inventory that has been depleted over the last three years. This strength suggests that the depth of the SoC test market decline of this cycle may not be as deep as past cycles. Another factor that makes this cycle very different is very strong tester demand from China-based chipmakers. The current test buy rate is substantially greater in 2022 and higher than the broader market and may not be sustainable at these levels. In the vertically integrated producer category, we have seen no slowdown in R&D or design-in activities. However, we expect low OSAT utilizations to significantly impact production capacity buys in 2023. When taken together, these three factors make it challenging to predict the timing and the strength of the recovery. Having said that, we do have better insight into the full-year than we had one quarter ago. We estimate the SoC market in 2023 will be between $3.3 billion and $3.8 billion, down about 20% to 30% from last year's roughly $4.7 billion. We expect our share of the SoC market will increase two or three points from last year's 36%. I will note that we have increased our 2022 market size estimate by $100 million since January. In the Memory segment, while oversupply is limiting capacity expansion investments the technology transitions we discussed in the past are continuing to drive test demand, especially for LPDDR5 and high-speed flash. For the full-year, we expect the market to be flat to down 10% from last year's approximately $1 billion level. This is unchanged from our view in January. We expect our share to be in the high 30s, also up a point or so from last year. We know that the global trends have driven over $300 billion of wafer front-end investment over the past four years, and that has not yet fully been converted into testament. When coupled with a forecast of an additional $160 billion of investment over the next few years, we think the fundamentals for midterm growth are strong. In our LitePoint Wireless Test segment, we see a more familiar correction cycle. We are also a year or so away from the next big complexity leap in connectivity, the transition to Wi-Fi 7. As a result, our early view has LitePoint sales down 20% to 25% from last year's level. In System Test, the storage portion of the business is impacted both by reduced demand for HDDs and declining smartphone shipments. As a result, our System Test group revenue will likely be down 20% to 25% for the year. Now turning to the Robotics businesses. Robotics revenue in Q1 2023 is down 14% compared to Q1 of 2022. The first quarter of 2022 was the last strong quarter before the invasion of Ukraine and slowing industrial growth began to significantly impact our results. As we've discussed in prior calls, there are both external and internal factors that are limiting the growth of our robotics business. And addressing these challenges remains a high priority for our Universal Robots and MiR teams. At Universal Robots, we see a mixed picture. The external market conditions remain weak. Overall sales softened and were lower in Q1 than in the same period last year. However, shipments to Europe have returned to their highest level since then. And in the United States, demand slowed substantially in Q1 after a very strong Q4. Demand in Asia also softened in the quarter. In most years, we see a weaker Q1 as strong Q4 shipments are digested. But it is clear that the manufacturing economy is also slowing as indicated by weakening manufacturing PMIs in Q1 for almost all repays. The primary internal factor that is impacting our growth is the ongoing realignment of our distribution system. Recall, we're shifting resources to put more focus on opportunities at large customers and OEM partners that have higher long-term growth potential. We are seeing some short-term headwinds from the shift in resources. An important positive for Universal Robots are strong preorders for our new high-payload UR20 cobot. We expect to have a backlog of over six months of volume shipments when we begin deliveries mid-year. The UR20 has already won numerous industry awards, including a recent Robots Business Review Innovation Award. At MiR, where we're coming off record Q4 shipments, we're seeing similar industry-level headwinds, along with seasonal slowdown in Q1 demand. However, our strategy to increase direct engagement with large accounts is latching with installed unit growth of over 40% in this sector from Q1 of 2022. With the persistent weak macro environment and with little evidence to suggest a near-term change in these conditions, we've brought our full-year revenue estimate for our Robotics group downward to be 0% to 10% growth from last year's $403 million. I would like to emphasize that despite the current market conditions, our view of the long-term growth potential for robotics remains unchanged. It is clear that there is a large and growing market for collaborative robotics, driven by labor shortages and escalating labor costs. Our strategy is to address this market with an expanding range of applications for our robots and a focused distribution strategy that we expect to yield an average 20% to 30% annual growth over the midterm. The fundamental drivers of all of our served markets, Test and Robotics make them as attractive as ever. We are focused on continuing to operate efficiently with strong financial discipline as demand begins to recover. With our flexible business model, we will maintain the careful investments in our products and capabilities that are the fuel for our future profits. I'll turn things over to Sanjay for the financial details. Sanjay?
Sanjay Mehta: Thank you, Greg. Good morning, everyone. Today, I'll cover the financial summary of Q1, provide our Q2 outlook and the full-year planning assumptions. I will also provide some financial color around our robotics companies and update you on our supply chain and resiliency progress. Now to Q1. First quarter sales were $618 million, which was $28 million above our mid-guide with non-GAAP EPS of $0.55, which was above our high guide of $0.52. Non-GAAP gross margins were 57.7% above our guidance due to favorable product mix, operational efficiencies and some resiliency costs deferred until later in the year. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $251 million, about flat with fourth quarter OpEx. Non-GAAP operating profit rate was 17%. We had no 10% customer in the quarter. The tax rate, excluding discrete items for the quarter was 16.5% on a GAAP basis and 16.75% on a non-GAAP basis. Semi Test revenue for the quarter was $415 million, with SoC revenue contributing $347 million and memory of $68 million. As Greg noted, SoC strength was concentrated in auto and industrial end markets. In memory, our sales were strongest in flash final test followed by DRAM final test as the industry ramps new, higher-speed devices from smartphone and server applications. System Test Group Q1 revenue was $75 million with $34 million in storage test and low SLT and HDD demand. Recall, SLT has high exposure to the smartphone market and as widely noted, HDD markets are weak this year. In Wireless Test, revenue was $39 million in Q1 on the impact of both low PC and smartphone volumes and a low in complexity driven test investments ahead of the expected Wi-Fi 7 rollout beginning in 2024. Now to robotics. Revenue was $89 million with UR contributing $72 million and MiR $17 million. FX did not have a material impact on our top or bottom lines. Profitability was negative in the quarter on weaker revenue growth. We are trending toward a breakeven profit this year, below our intended 5% to 15% operating profit objectives. Gross margins continue to be above the corporate average. Greg has noted reasons for growth in 2023 below expectations, which is preventing us from achieving our profit goal this year. I would like to share some thoughts to enable an appreciation of where we are with each business. In UR, we have conviction in this very large market and believe it is still sub-5% penetrated coupled with our products and ecosystem leadership. One of our challenges is our distribution approach, which we believe has limited our longer-term growth. We are executing a solid plan to move to an omnichannel, which we believe will significantly enhance our growth potential. In the slower market we're seeing this year, our traditional channels are being impacted by an outsized rate before we see a full effect -- full benefit of our new channel strategy. From a profitability perspective, UR has operated above 10% to 15% -- sorry, UR has operated at or above 10% to 15% profit since 2017 with the exception of the initial COVID year in 2020. In 2023, we expect profitability of UR to be in that 10% to 15% range. In short, we are profitable while we continue to invest in transforming our channel, introducing new products, which increase our served markets and growing our industry-leading ecosystem. Turning to MiR. MiR's earlier in its life cycle and serves a more fragmented AMR market where there is no clear leader and the top players have less than 10% share of the market. MiR's in the Top 5 participants with mid-single-digit share. We're not yet profitable at MiR, we expect to be in 2025, which is aligned with our strategy to establish a leadership position in a market with long-term upside potential. This market is also less than 5% penetrated today. Given the strong pull from our large customers, we're making substantial R&D investments needed to realize the opportunity. An attractive feature of this market is the relatively concentrated customer base, which enables a focused distribution with heavy direct involvement in sales, service and product requirements. In summary, UR is profitable with a leading market position, and we're evolving our go-to-market approach. MiR is in the heavy engineering investment phase, creating solutions in cooperation with large customers, and we expect it will be profitable in 2025. Gross margins and robotics are above the corporate average and if we do not see significant growth opportunity in the market will reduce growth in OpEx and enable this portfolio to have greater than 20% operating profits similar to our test businesses. Shifting back to the financials. At a company level, our free cash flow was an outflow of $22 million in the quarter. We typically consume cash in the first quarter as we pay out our variable employee compensation. We repurchased $93 million of shares in the quarter, paid $17 million in dividends and settled $15 million of debt. Note, the share repurchase program began in late January, so it reflects approximately two months of purchases. We ended the quarter with $859 million in cash and securities. Now to our outlook for Q2. Q2 sales are expected to be between $625 million and $685 million, with non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.55 to $0.74 on 164 million diluted shares. The second quarter guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles. This outlook is slightly ahead of our January view as automotive and industrial semiconductor test demand continues to outpace our earlier forecast. Second quarter gross margins are estimated at 57% to 58%. OpEx is expected to run at 37% to 40% of second quarter sales roughly flat with Q1. Non-GAAP operating profit rate at the midpoint of our second quarter guidance is 19%. A few points to assist you in the modeling in the rest of the year given the unusual environment Greg has described. First, the expected revenue profile. We expect Q3 sales to be similar to Q2 and Q4 to improve a bit from there. As a result, you should expect the second half will be a bit better than the first. Now to gross margins. We've improved gross margins in the first half of the year, driven by accelerated operating efficiencies and deferral of manufacturing resiliency spending to the second half of the year. Full-year gross margins will likely be 57% to 58% range. Regarding OpEx for the full-year. As noted in January, we expect the full-year 2023 OpEx to be roughly flat compared with 2022. Our GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates are forecasted to be 17% in 2023. A quick update on our supply chain. While supply -- sorry, while supply and demand is coming back into balance for most of our supply chain, we continue to see shortages in some analog and logic devices. This is impacting about 25% of Tester revenue in Q2 and is outside of our guidance range. On the supply chain resiliency front, while some spend moves from first half to second half, strengthening of our supply chain is progressing largely according to plan. For our tester product manufacturing, that work will be substantially complete in Q3, though there will be component qualifications continuing for several quarters after Q3. The changes in our supply chain for our hardware services business will continue through the year. The costs related to strengthening our supply chain are included in the gross margin estimates. Summing up, we delivered sales above the midpoint of our guidance range with earnings above the high guide on improved gross margins. The auto and industrial Semi Test markets in '23 look incrementally stronger than we expected earlier this year with softer Mobility and Compute markets. Robotics demand is also incrementally softer. In this environment, we're making the investments to strengthen our global supply chain, while maintaining the R&D and go-to-market focus to support our long-term growth strategies in test and robotics. We're doing this while maintaining roughly flat OpEx since 2021. As a result, we expect to generate solid free cash flow in '23, which will deploy to maximize value for our shareholders through potential M&A, dividends and shareholder repurchases -- share repurchases. With that, I'll turn the call back to Andy. Andy?
Andrew Blanchard: Thanks, Sanjay. And Latanya, we'd now like to take some questions. And as a reminder, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up.
Operator: Thank you. We will now conduct the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Mehdi Hosseini with SIG. Please proceed.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes, thanks for taking my questions. Two follow-ups. I want to go to your LitePoint. Can you please help to understand opportunities in the Wi-Fi 6 area? It seems like that's already behind us? And when would you expect contribution from Wi-Fi 7 to materialize? Is that late this year or do we have to wait till next year? And I do have a follow-up.
Greg Smith: Hi, Mehdi, so at LitePoint, there's sort of multiple phases of Wi-Fi 6. So Wi-Fi 6 is -- the tooling for that is largely in place. But there is a transition to Wi-Fi 6E, which is probably the primary driver of Wi-Fi investments in 2023. So there's a lot of R&D and development work going on, on Wi-Fi 7 chipsets and equipment that is probably going to ramp in 2024. So we're modeling that we'll have some Wi-Fi 6E investment through this year and then growing Wi-Fi 7 investment in '24. Does that help?
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes, absolutely. And then second question, the favorite topic how 3-nanometer capacity ramp in '24 could attribute? And the fact that you don't have toughened customer this year. Does that mean that next year is to be a big SoC ramp for Teradyne, especially given the delay in 3-nanometer that would finally have 3-nanometer high-volume manufacturing next year?
Greg Smith: That's a great question. So first, in terms of like technology transition to 3-nanometer, we've seen no real substantial changes from any of our customers in terms of the pace at which they are trying to move to 3-nanometer to support more complex designs. So that drumbeat is continuing. The thing that we are seeing is that the declines in unit volume in PCs and smartphones has created a fair amount of idle capacity that needs to get filled up before tester demand is going to return. So the -- so we think that, that is likely to be significantly stronger in 2024. At this point in time, we don't know whether 2024 is going to be good or great. The other things that are going on is like I talked about the demand in China that might be sustainable, the automotive and industrial markets have been going really, really well, and we think they have great long-term potential, but there are often temporary supply/demand imbalances. So they might get incrementally softer. So there are some things that could mute the up that you see in 2024 that I think all of us expect with sort of a return in unit demand.
Mehdi Hosseini: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Please proceed.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. So relative to your prior SoC TAM forecast you were down like 20% at the midpoint off of a 4.6 number. Now I know that you took that to 4.7 last year. But -- so you've taken basically a few hundred million dollars out of the TAM this year. So auto sounds like it's better. I know that you were thinking that auto would be down, it sounds like maybe it's flat at like $100 million [ph]. So can you kind of just sort of disaggregate that 3.5, 3.6 number at the midpoint that you now have for your new SoC TAM?
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. It's Sanjay. So disaggregating it, we think roughly the Compute market this year is -- and I'm going to give you the rounded numbers roughly at the midpoint, Compute at roughly billion dollars, Mobility at $900 million. Auto, we believe is flattish. And again, Auto and Microcontrollers at about $600 million, Industrial at $400 million and then Service at roughly $700 million.
Timothy Arcuri: Got it. Got it, Sanjay. Thank you for that. So Greg, maybe we can ask about the -- there was a question on 3-nanometer. And this year, again, is going to be -- typically, you have a much more front-end loaded year than you are this year. It's sort of 50/50 seems like maybe it's -- so I guess, I'm just asking about is there something sort of structural going on? I know there's this debate the sort of cyclical debate versus the structural debate with your largest customer. And I continue to believe that it has to be up a lot next year. But is there something under the surface going on, there's maybe more tester reuse? Can you just sort of talk about what's going on under the surface that might kind of inform where the SoC TAM goes next year and where your share could go?
Greg Smith: I can give you a little bit of color. So there's no significant change in the amount of reuse. The tester capacity that we've put in place is largely fungible across all of the technology nodes that are here now or coming. So we're really talking about what's the incremental demand, how much more capacity needs to be put in place. The one structural change is that we haven't really seen a peak in demand since leading producers of mobile phones have started to reuse silicon in lower parts of their product line. So instead of putting a new processor in all of the phones, they use last year's processor and a portion of the volume. So at this point, we haven't seen a significantly strong year since that decision has happened. We believe that long-term, that kind of thing will come out in the wash, but it may make the demand less peaky.
Timothy Arcuri: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from C.J. Muse with Evercore. Please proceed.
C.J. Muse: Yes, good morning. Thank you for taking the question. I guess a follow-on question. Mobility at $900 million, worse level of spending in five years and 55% lower than peak. You talked about maybe not such a great year, next year, but curious what's kind of a base case kind of recovery assumption if you were to make the view that handset units would be at least flat. And given what you know content-wise and increased test times, what might that kind of impute for Mobility?
Greg Smith: Yes. I think we don't have enough visibility into the way 2024 is going to shape up to really call a market size for next year? Directionally, I think it will be stronger, but I can't really tell you how much.
C.J. Muse: Okay. And you talked about Q4 revenues accelerated to some degree. I'm curious if you can kind of speak to DDR5 kind of ramp when that starts and how that impacts before and the same thing for UR20. Is that a meaningful driver given your backlog? Or is that something that might get pushed into '24? Thanks so much.
Greg Smith: Yes, so the DDR5 ramp we're kind of running against the same schedules that we've had for a while. So we haven't seen any significant pushout of the technology shift. So I think we've got a pretty steady demand for the capacity to support the new technology DRAM testers. For UR20, we're going to be starting substantial shipments of that in the second half of this year. And I would say that it will have a substantial impact on the growth that we're able to achieve in UR this year. It's going to have a meaningful single-digit impact on growth.
C.J. Muse: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Samik Chatterjee: Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my questions. I guess if I can just start with the auto piece here. I know you've called out the trend there, but if you can share your thoughts about how you think -- how sustainable that is, particularly as you're seeing, like how do you think of the correlation there to production volumes, particularly in the China market where we're seeing a lot of different players call out risk to production as well as demand in that market? And then I have a follow-up. Thank you.
Greg Smith: Sure. So how sustainable. There's a fairly large capacity increase that has come online in terms of ability to produce vehicles and the supply chain has reacted to that. We are starting to see that the lead times for many of the parts, the sort of electronics that go into cars are starting to come down but there are a lot of linear devices that still have extremely low inventory levels and extremely long lead times. And so that appears to be where capacity is being added to support reducing those lead times. So if they catch up, if vehicle sales drop remarkably or if they bring that more into balance, then I would expect that to soften. But the thing I'll remind you is that the current situation for us and our competitors in this space is we're running with tester lead times that are in excess of 26 weeks. So we have a pretty good idea of what these customers are going to need over the next few quarters. And so I would say that the likelihood that we're going to see a lot of softening in that space is probably out a little ways in time.
Samik Chatterjee: Okay. Got it. And for my follow-up, just on the memory side, there is obviously some I guess, news or sort of just speculation in terms of China looking at sanctions on Micron. Any thoughts of how that impacts dynamics with your -- in terms of your revenue mix and memory as well as with your customers in China in terms of their investment in memory? Thank you.
Greg Smith: Yes. So I really don't think I can speculate on what's going to happen in terms of those regulations. I will say that we are a supplier to the two major memories producers in China. And if there are regulations that impact that, it will have an impact on our sales there. To sort of size that, our sales to indigenous memory in China, like all indigenous in China is about 4%, 5% of total Teradyne revenues and the portion that goes to memory there is probably between a half and two-thirds of that number.
Samik Chatterjee: Okay. Got it. Thank you. Thanks for taking the question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, good morning. Thank you so much for taking the question. My first one is on component shortages. I just wanted to clarify. I think, Sanjay, you talked about shortage of analog and logic devices impacting semi test revenue in Q2 by 25%. So the interpretation there should be without the shortages, your Q2 revenue should be 25% higher. Am I understanding that correctly? And when do those headwinds have...
Sanjay Mehta: I noted on my prepared remarks, $25 million, which is outside of our range and it's roughly its SoC in memory.
Toshiya Hari: $25 million.
Sanjay Mehta: $25 million.
Toshiya Hari: Yes. Okay. Got it. And then my second question, just on your Robotics business. So again, you're taking down your full-year growth outlook for the year. Greg, you talked about the macro environment. You talked about the transition from distribution to direct and that having an impact. I'm curious if competition is having any impact here. It's always difficult to compare and contrast how you guys are doing relative to your competition, because most of your competitors they're either startups or small businesses within bigger conglomerates, but curious, particularly in China, is there anything going on the competition front? Thank you so much.
Greg Smith: Yes. Toshiya, it's a great question. In terms of robotics growth, the first, just a quick correction. The change to distribution isn't like distribution-to-direct. It's really establishing an omnichannel strategy that we're continuing to invest in our traditional distributors. We're adding additional channels through OEMs and, in some cases, direct business. So it's not like a complete flip, but it does -- it is sort of moving resources around. In terms of market share, I agree with you. It's really hard to get market statistics about the COBOT market. The best data that we have is that from 2021 to 2022, share was relatively stable. We've got between 35% and 40% of a -- in 2023, it will probably be about a $1 billion market. Our nearest competitor has probably less than a third, a quarter to a third of that share and that number two player has shifted from year-to-year. The trend that you noted about China competitors is certainly true that the Chinese competitors are coming up, and they are doing very, very well in the Chinese market. The price points in that market are significantly lower than the rest of the world. And their understanding and knowledge of that market is better than our or other foreign competitors. So what's happening in China is that our products are tending to migrate towards sort of a premium tier, both international customers and customers that really value the ecosystem that we have. In either specialized software or specialized adapters that they can get with our products that they can't get with a local supplier. So we are -- we think we can hold the share that we have in China in that particular segment, but there's definitely a competitive threat -- pricing competitive threat from Chinese suppliers that we're really trying to deal with through differentiation.
Toshiya Hari: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Krish Sankar with TD Cowen. Please proceed.
Krish Sankar: Yes, hi, thanks for taking my question. I had two of them. First one, let us Sanjay know auto industry is pretty strong maybe Mobility rebounds next year. I understand you don't want to give color into calendar '24, but would that change the gross margin profile because it seems like the auto industry has a much higher gross margin than Mobility? And then I have a follow-up.
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. Thanks for the question. This year, as I noted in my prepared remarks, we're going to be at 57% to 58%, and it's really tied to both product mix as well as we've got these, what I would call, transitory costs tied to manufacturing resilience. I think when that's materially behind us, I see no reason why we don't get back to our model gross margin of 59% to 60%.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Thanks Sanjay for that. And then you kind of gave some color on the SoC test breakdown with Compute being $1 billion. If I remember right, historically, the GPU test market has been around $100 million or so, give or take, and that has not been as test-intensive. So I'm kind of curious, as you get into all these AI stuff, do you think GPU test could grow. And what is your opportunity set there? Because historically, like Verigy, Advantest has been the leader over there. Thank you.
Greg Smith: Yes. No, that's -- it's certainly a question we've been talking a lot about internally. So here's the way that we see it. The rise of generative AI, things like ChatGPT is a significant driver for additional cloud Compute capacity, especially accelerated capacity. Right now, the primary way that that acceleration is delivered is through traditional GPUs. So I would expect that, that's going to be a tailwind for our competitor who has much higher share with traditional Compute. At the same time, the same companies that are making these really aggressive moves to try and capture market share in the AI market are also the same vertically integrated producers that are developing their own ways to accelerate that type of Compute. And that's where we are investing our energy primarily is to capture those customers as they bring that kind of technology to market. I don't want to give you the impression that we're -- that like we have VIPs locked up, but it's a different situation than the traditional Compute suppliers, because these new players don't have a long history of working with any particular vendor. So we are in shootouts in most of these places, and we're winning more than our fair share. And so as this market evolves and AI becomes a more important part of the vertically integrated producers or hyperscalers, the overall value delivery. Our hope is that these internal devices will long-term have a higher growth than traditional Compute. So short-term, really strong for traditional. Longer-term, better for vertically integrated.
Krish Sankar: Greg, thanks very much for the color. Is it fair to assume GPU is probably a $100 million of that $1 billion Compute market?
Greg Smith: In 2023, I would -- my guess would be that it's bigger, but I don't know an exact number.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Thank you very much, Greg. Really appreciate the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. I actually had a longer-term one. It seems like you're keeping your long-term sales and earnings model unchanged. But when I look at your largest end markets, mostly on the consumer side, they seem to have matured quite a bit. So what's underpinning the confidence about reaccelerating to that double-digit growth. And let's say if the new model is not for double-digit growth, what will you need to change about your cost structure to realize better profitability?
Greg Smith: So Vivek, the things that we are looking at is we don't see a fundamental change, like you said in terms of a maturing of our consumer markets. We see the primary driver of the growth in semiconductor test to really be the pace at which leading chipmakers adopt new process technology. And there's a -- the thing that has happened is that the transition from 5-nanometer to 3-nanometer has taken longer than people expected. And I think that, that has contributed to some of the wall in the growth that we've seen in this market. But if you look, there is this -- there's a number of steadily increasing capability 3-nanometer nodes that are coming from both of the major foundries and behind that, there's a gate all around technology that's coming as well. And so as we talked about, the Compute and Mobility is 70% of the SoC test market. And the complexity in the Compute and the Mobility space is also the primary driver for advanced memory technologies and memory density improvements. So as long as that fundamental pace around nodes and node technology continues, then we think that the fundamentals for the growth are strong. I also noted that there is a significant amount of wafer front-end capacity that has gone in, but has not been turned on yet. And we think that that is a long-term driver for demand in the test space, because it's essentially the test equipment of dark fiber. It's there. It's going to get turned on and when it is, it's going to require testers.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And for my follow-up, Greg. Seems like your SoC business could be down in the second half, if I take that 39% share that you suggested of the lower TAM. So I just wanted to confirm that. And would Mobility also be down and if it is down, is it the 3-nanometer comment that you mentioned, is it not as big a node? So does that have implications on what we should be thinking about for calendar '24 growth in your SoC test business also?
Greg Smith: Yes. I haven't really looked at second half, there.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. So second half, I think you asked about SoC revenue in the second half. And as I noted in my prepared remarks, we expect revenue to be a bit higher in the second half. And part of that increment is really tied to SoC. And while it does have auto and industrial is the main driver. So we expect SoC in the second half to be stronger.
Greg Smith: So and to the other part of your question, so -- actually, I'm sorry, could you repeat the second half of your question?
Vivek Arya: Of course. Yes. Yes. So what I specifically was trying to ask is, do you expect your Mobility demand in the second half to be better than the first half. And if it isn't, then isn't that a surprise given that your large customer will get on the 3-nanometer cycle. So is 3-nanometer just not as big a node and does that have implications on how we think about your Mobility demand for next year?
Greg Smith: Okay. Yes. So it's a really good point and something that I think it's important to communicate clearly. We believe that the complexity increase enabled by 3-nanometer is on track to what we've modeled before. The reason that we are not seeing significant demand increase in 2023 is because the amount of capacity that is available driven by lower unit volumes is sufficient to absorb that complexity increase. So as unit volumes increase, we believe that we'll see the full effect of that higher complexity.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Chin with Stifel. Please proceed.
Brian Chin: Good morning. Thanks. If I just ask a few questions. Maybe to start with, I think yours an advanced SoC can outlook. So I think they rarely align these are things like service, et cetera, that might be in or out of your forecast. But they've seen especially far part this year with sort of the high end of your range, worst than the low end of theirs. I'm just wondering what do you think explains the kind of the discrepancy between each of your forecast this year?
Greg Smith: Yes. So I -- Brian, it's a great question. Every year, this is sort of how the year starts that depending on the view from our perspective, the view from their perspective, you end up with a different view. And I think the challenging thing for us is predicting how strong or weak their business will be. And the same thing is true for them, is trying to predict how strong or weak our business will be. And so right now, you see that divergence. By the way, the same thing basically existed last year. And quarter-by-quarter, those numbers tend to converge. And you can take a look -- basically, I'd like to say that we feel pretty comfortable with the range that we set, the 3.3% to 3.8%. And we'll see if things strengthen through the year, we'll adjust that range quarter-by-quarter. But I don't -- I guess I don't see it as unusual as you do to see that kind of a spread.
Brian Chin: Okay. Fair enough. So I guess your molds are better than theirs...
Greg Smith: Actually, I don't want you to walk away thinking that. I think we ended up having a more accurate prediction last year than they did at the similar time, but if you look at it this year, I don't know that our molds are better than their molds for sure.
Brian Chin: Okay. Yes. I love those kind of jokes. But the -- in terms of the omnichannel strategy also, Greg, for automation, when do you think that will be fairly -- you may have sort of alluded towards the end of your investor. But when do you think that will be kind of somewhat well rooted or established, and it will take probably more than a few quarters even potentially. But when do you think that will be pretty well established. And then even when you think about from like a scale or critical mass perspective, would that not make a lot of sense for you to market even maybe a broader portfolio of automation than you do currently once you sort of have that sort of revamped channel strategies established?
Greg Smith: Yes. So that's -- it's like you're sitting in our strategy sessions. So the way to think about the omnichannel is that we are doing this in steps. The first significant new channel that we're -- that we've established for you are is the OEM channel. And that from '21 to '22 the OEM channel grew 16% year-on-year. From '22 to '23, we expect that same channel to deliver like 20% growth, even though, overall, the UR growth is going to be significantly lower. In this year, we're taking steps to try and establish more effective coverage of large accounts, and we expect that to start delivering towards the end of this year and to significantly impact growth in 2024. After that, we have other channel additions that we'll be making. So the idea is each one of these channels, we think, is capable of delivering kind of 20% to 30% growth. And as we add new ones, they're going to have a multiplicative effect. So we have each channel growing at that rate and then adding a new channel which adds a new growth source. So that's definitely the reason why we have some confidence about the 20% to 30% growth per year over the mid-term, even though we're starting at a much lower rate. Now the second question that you have in terms of a broader portfolio, yes, once we build this omnichannel, it is going to be a very powerful advantage for us in our Robotics business. And we will be looking to try to find ways to leverage that strength to find other growth engines.
Brian Chin: Okay. That was a great color. Thanks Greg.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Joseph Moore: Great. Thank you. I wanted to understand a little bit more the component constraints. And I guess if you could put that in the context of the last couple of quarters. I thought you guys weren't as constrained as advanced as was, and I wasn't really thinking it was holding you back from revenue. Now it seems like the component constraints are easing, but there's still some negative impact is core. So you can just put that in context what you've been seeing in the last few quarters? And how does that affect you from like a market share standpoint of advanced as supply versus your supply?
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. Great. So last quarter, we had a little bit of market -- or component constraint as well. We brought in roughly $10 million of that constraint into revenue into Q1. And I'd say that overall, supply and demand is kind of coming in more into balance, really with the fall off of demand. And fundamentally, we see things normalizing. I would say that there are a couple of suppliers with still very long lead time for some unique components that we source, and really that's driven by demand that has just started to spring up where obviously, we have supply chain programs. We have available slots. But when several customers in specific industries or end market segments are coming in that really ends up outstripping our availability to supply. So think about it as a couple of key component suppliers in a couple of the markets that we're seeing an uptick in that's higher than our expectation, which is great. I expect that this quarter will be $25 million -- as I noted, $25 million outside. Obviously, we're doing our best to service the customers. I see that hopefully going down into '24. But with this uptick, the good news is we have the opportunity to solve these problems, and we're working very hard to do it. We have a track record of execution. So just think of it as tied to a couple of key components.
Joseph Moore: Okay. Great. And are those -- I know you had constraints like a year ago. Is it the same component? Or is that they're sort of just different areas like kind of moving hotspots of shortage that are moving around a little bit?
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. I'd say going back to '21 and kind of the first part of '22, I'd say there was a wide variety of component supply chain issues that occurred. And think about it, the band is narrowing considerably. While there's a couple that are still out there, that we're working through and working very closely with our suppliers that are showing continuous improvement.
Joseph Moore: And that's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Barger with KeyBanc. Please proceed.
Steve Barger: Thanks. Good morning. Greg, thinking about your prepared comments. How do you reconcile the strength in semi test for industrial digitization with the softer forecast for robotics. It seems like those should be correlated to some degree? Or is there some other aspect of digitization that's driving the test volume?
Greg Smith: Hi, Steve. So it's a pretty insightful question. So the thing that is going on. And if you look at us versus other industrial like robotics companies, you'll see that our results are significantly more volatile. And the biggest difference between us and them. And still, like if you think about cobots, they are $1 billion of about a $12 billion industrial robot market. The rest of the industrial robot market is running with one to two year lead times. And they are still very busy shipping product to help put together a whole bunch of EV factories and battery factories. That's a business that is not really core to the cobot space. And so I think that the -- one of the things that's going on is there's significant consumption of electronics into the other parts of the Robotics business, but our business tracks like PMIs and other broader indices a little bit more closely than that longer lead stuff.
Steve Barger: That is a really great color. Thank you. And when you think about the longer-term story for your Robotics business. How is your thinking about the profit pools changed over the past year or two? Is it a pure volume game that's driving the focus on large accounts or do you see the value in the ecosystem that you can provide and the hardware is how you sell that or do you think that more value will be in the services and upgrades over time as the installed base grows? Like where is -- where do you think this goes to your benefit?
Greg Smith: Yes, so it's -- the -- I don't really think of it in terms of a volume play, because that infers sort of commoditization, and we don't really see that happening. This is a high-tech space where technology differentiation actually matters. Having a better robot, having better software, easier-to-use capabilities, that makes a big difference as does having an ecosystem of partners that can help people build solutions quite quickly. The focus on large accounts, I think of that primarily in terms of our cost of sales, that by concentrating on a smaller number of larger accounts, we can sell more robots per account, and that allows us to grow with -- like that our sales growth will outpace our sales cost growth over time. So I see that as an efficiency game. The comment that you made about hardware versus services, I think that that's an important aspect of our future plans that we think that there are profit pools in retaining an engagement with customers that have bought our product, both in terms of providing service, but more importantly, in terms of providing new types of software, new components that will allow them to get more out of the product in the future. At the end of the day, our robots are really reliable. They don't break that much. So like a break-fix business, I would not expect to be a huge volume generator, but as robots get into more and more critical processes, these customers are going to want to pay for uptime and that's a more lucrative service model.
Steve Barger: Would you get into more cobot as a service or robotics as a service over time based on that comment?
Greg Smith: Well, we might want to get a beer to have that conversation. I think that like in a nutshell, we believe in service as a service, right that the models where people are trying to offer hardware that depreciates as a service is largely around who carries the depreciation, and I think it's an interesting model at the low levels of penetration that we have right now in robotics because customers are reluctant. They're worried about making investments that won't pay off. And robots as a service allow them to walk away more easily. We're far more focused on solving those problems so that customers are willing to make those investments, because they're smart enough to figure out if they get a better deal by carrying the depreciation versus paying rent for the robot. And that's basically what you're talking about.
Steve Barger: Yes. Thank you. Appreciate the time.
Andrew Blanchard: Hey operator, we're going to try to sneak in just one more question, please, if you would.
Operator: Sure. The next question is Vedvati Shrotre with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Vedvati Shrotre: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I guess my first question is on the high bandwidth memory side. Do you think that kind of put a positive angle on the test intensity on the DRAM side. Is that an angle of just considering that these are advanced packages? Does that increase your test intensity or how should we think about it?
Greg Smith: Yes. Hello everybody. So High-Bandwidth Memory is certainly one of the leading-edge technologies that is driving some tester sales, some technology-related tester sales, even though overall capacity is down. But it's actually a really small part of the overall memory business. So it's a positive, but I don't think it's nearly as significant as the transition to LPDDR5 or the next generation of flash in terms of driving technology sales.
Vedvati Shrotre: Okay. Got it. And sir, for my follow-up, on the auto industrial markets, I have kind of a two part question for this. So the market share has always been sort of 50-50 between Teradyne and Advantest. Are there any pockets where you would see your market share sort of be more dominant? And then as a follow-up to that, some of the front-end equipment players have been talking about China restrictions or getting clarifications on China restriction. Has that impacted you in any sense? Like do you expect some sort of clarifications and China restrictions drive your revenue sort of up better than what you expected?
Greg Smith: Yes. So in terms of within auto industrial, any parts where we're more dominant, I'd say that the segment where we probably have a leadership position is in power and discrete test that when it comes to gallium nitride, silicon carbide, IGBTs, things like that. Our Eagle product line and the acquisition that we made of Lemsys a few years ago have allowed us to really establish a pretty good position in that space. It's not a huge part of that market, but it is a part of that market that we expect to grow over time. As for China restrictions, we don't know what's going to happen in the future. There is a lot of trailing edge fab capacity coming online in China and we're getting a share of that. There are also -- something that we are on the lookout for is that that is generally producing parts that you don't need a high performance tester to deal with. And there are some smaller test equipment makers locally there that are getting a share of that. So we're watching that, and we're trying to make sure that we protect ourselves against competitive losses.
Vedvati Shrotre: That's helpful. Thank you.
Andrew Blanchard: Okay, folks. And we're out of time. So this concludes the call. Thank you all for your interest in Teradyne, and we look forward to working with you in the weeks ahead. Bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Teradyne Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the call over to Andy Blanchard, Vice President of Corporate Communications. Thank you. You may begin. 
Andrew Blanchard : Thank you, Daryl. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our CEO, Mark Jagiela; President, Greg Smith; and our CFO, Sanjay Mehta.  Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for 2022's fourth quarter and full year, along with our outlook for the first quarter of 2023. The press release containing our fourth quarter results was issued last evening. We're providing slides on the Investor page of the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion. Replays of this call will be available via the same page after the call ends.  The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the safe harbor language contained in the earnings release as well as our most recent SEC filings. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we take no obligation to update them as a result of events occurring after this call. During today's call, we'll make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We've posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial as it were available on the Investor page of our website.  Looking ahead between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne expects to participate in technology or industrial-focused investor conferences hosted by Citi, Susquehanna, Luke Capital and Morgan Stanley.  Now let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, Mark and Greg will comment on our recent results and the market conditions as we enter the new year. Sanjay will then offer more details on our quarterly results, along with our guidance for the first quarter. We'll then answer your questions, and this call is scheduled for 1 hour.  Mark? 
Mark Jagiela: Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining us this morning. I'm going to limit my remarks today as Greg will be taking full leadership of the company from next week. I'll leave the outlook to Greg, and Sanjay will provide the financial details, including our updated midterm earnings model.  2022 was another good year for Teradyne with our second highest sales in history. Midyear, we saw a turn in our markets with the SOC test market softening after 6 years of growth and Industrial Automation growth slowing.  At the company level, our financial results were slightly under the long-term trend line after operating well above trend in 2020 and 2021. This oscillation around the trend line is a familiar pattern that we expect to continue. We manage our business investments according to this trend line and tend not to chase these excursions up or down. Sanjay will note how these trend lines roll into our updated midterm earnings model.  Looking at a longer-term perspective, over the last 8 years, Teradyne's revenue has about doubled and EPS has grown about 4x. Growth of our core test markets is part of the story, as is expansion into new markets like Industrial Automation and System Level Test. This, combined with a rich cash flow and a balanced capital allocation plan, has been the recipe for shareholder returns. As you will hear, we see all of these drivers remaining in place for the years to come.  Since this is my last earnings call, I would like to thank all of you who follow, invest and influence our journey at Teradyne. As Greg takes on the role, I'm confident we won't miss a beat, and he's been a key part of developing and implementing our strategy for many years.  With that, I'll turn things over to Greg for his deeper perspective on our results and outlook. Greg? 
Greg Smith: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will summarize the full year of 2022 and then comment on our early view of 2023. For the full year, we delivered sales of $3.155 billion and non-GAAP earnings of $4.25 per share.  2022 was the second-highest revenue in company history but down 15% from 2021's record level due mainly to reduced demand in SOC test, specifically in mobility and compute. This offset was -- this was offset somewhat by strength in the automotive end market, including substantial demand for ADAS processor test. Overall for 2022, we estimate the SOC test market was about $4.6 billion, down 6% from '21, and the memory market was down a similar amount for the year. Industrial Automation grew about 7% in dollar terms. Foreign exchange was a major headwind in that business. Our growth was 15% in constant currency.  I'll divide my comments on market conditions into an early view of 2023, followed by our outlook for the midterm. In July of last year, we noted the Semi Test equipment market was entering a downturn, with demand declining in end markets such as smartphones. This began to create chip supply/demand and inventory imbalances.  We noted these types of corrections typically have a 4- to 6-quarter duration. Now we're a bit more than 2 quarters in, and as the downturn continues, our customers continue to rebalance their production and inventory with end market demand. Much of the imbalance is in test-intensive end markets like smartphones, compute and networking, where we see lower utilization. At this point in time, with limited visibility into the second half, we estimate a market size for SOC tests to be 10% to 30% below 2022's $4.6 billion level. Major SOC producers are expected to start the transition to 3-nanometer later in 2023, and this could mitigate the headwinds a bit.  Our historically largest end customer is expected to lead this transition, and revenue driven by this customer is expected to grow in 2023, moving from less than 10% of our revenue in 2022 to low double-digit percents of revenue for this year. Demand won't be finalized until Q2 and will be weighted towards the second half of the year.  In general, our models factor in 2 key demand drivers, unit volume and device complexity. We've read the same press reports that you have, that smartphone volumes are likely to be down in 2023. The complexity growth associated with the 3-nanometer transition is likely to offset the test demand impact of the unit decrease, and the net effect is the increase in revenue that I've described. Our assumption that this transition is going to be gradual is likely to mute the peaks, but it will also fill in the troughs as the full portfolio migrates to 3-nanometer.  Overall, averaging across the entire life of a process node, like 5-nanometer or 3-nanometer, we expect that each new node will drive continued higher test investment in total than the prior node. On top of that, increased unit growth and the addition of new part types to the portfolio will drive further increases in test investment.  In the memory test market, technology transitions continue to drive demand. Faster interface speeds in DRAM with DDR5 and in flash with UFS 4.0 cannot be tested on existing testers and are driving purchases of next-generation ATE. Offsetting this technology-driven replacement demand is a difficult end market for our memory customers, which is likely to reduce capacity buying for this year. We are seeing some impact of that in the first quarter.  On balance, we expect the memory test market size to be flat to slightly down from 2022. We expect Storage Test will be weak in 2023 due to excess capacity in the HDD end market. And Wireless Test demand will be soft on lower smartphone shipments and a demand lull in advance of the transition to WiFi 7 beginning in 2024. Shifting to Industrial Automation. As we expected, the macro-outlook in industrial markets is cautious, with weak industrial PMIs. We expect this will be a growth headwind in the first half of the year. Rolling up these headwinds and offsetting factors over the first half of the year, our current judgment for the total company has our second quarter about flat with Q1. However, in Industrial Automation for the full year, we have 3 notable factors that should help offset these headwinds later in the year.  First, we do not expect the currency exchange impacts we experienced in 2022. Second, growth initiatives that began in 2022, including a channel transformation at UR, will gain traction. One component of the channel transformation is supplementing our traditional distributor channel with a focused OEM channel. That effort delivered 26% growth in 2022, and we expect this to continue in 2023 as our existing OEM partners continue to grow and we add additional OEMs and targeted verticals.  The third factor driving IA growth is expanding the served market through new products. Most notably, in 2023, shipments of the new long-reach, heavy-payload cobot at Universal Robots, the UR20, which will ramp in the second half of the year. Barring a significant deterioration in the macro economy and reasonably stable currencies, we expect channel expansion, combined with new products, to drive greater than 20% growth for IA in 2023, weighted to the second half of the year.  Now shifting to the midterm outlook. The short-term changes in customer buying patterns in semi cap equipment can be abrupt. We built our flexible operating model to accommodate those cycles. Our midterm plans track the long-term historical trends and the future demand drivers in each of our businesses rather than the short-term cycles. In any given year, we will land above or below trend, but that trend line has provided a reliable baseline for planning.  Sanjay will be going through a quantitative view of our 2026 earnings model. To set up that discussion, I'd like to make a few qualitative comments to provide some context. Our 2026 earnings model shows significant revenue and EPS growth, and it's reasonable to ask why we assume midterm growth when the short-term environment is so weak. There are several factors that give us confidence in our midterm outlook. End markets, like AI and cloud computing, mobile processing and automotive, including ADAS and EV, are driving increased semiconductor content and increasing chip complexity.  The deployment of advanced wireless standards will support ever higher data volumes and the pervasive deployment of edge AI. This end market demand will drive the timeline for new semi fab nodes and packaging technologies, like 3-nanometer, chiplets and gate all around.  We have seen these technology transitions drive demand for test as the new nodes enable more complex chips and multichip packaging technologies like chiplets drive higher quality level requirements. Both of these factors drive longer test times and higher ATE TAMs. But the landscape is changing. These complex chips are increasingly developed by a new class of vertically integrated producers, or VIPs, including hyperscalers and automakers.  We've had good design-in success to date with this emerging customer type, and these VIPs provide Teradyne with an opportunity to grow share in a space long dominated by legacy x86 architectures, where our share has historically been lower. These large, complex devices are used in uptime-critical applications and will require exceptionally low defect levels. To achieve this quality level, our customers will increasingly adopt an additional test step, system-level tests or SLT. We have a strong footprint in this growing market, and our design-in success with new customers is expected to be a growth driver over the midterm. Over the midterm, we expect to see WiFi 7 ramp and the rapid expansion of UWB-enabled devices for both precision location tracking and security. These new standards obsolete existing test instrumentation, and this replacement cycle will be a growth engine over the midterm for both SOC test and Wireless Test.  Turning to IA. Global labor shortages and converging regional wages will continue to be unrelenting demand drivers. Market penetration for collaborative robots, including AMRs, is under 5%, providing enormous opportunities for long-term growth.  The steady application of new technologies in our products will continue to expand our served market, and the transformation of our channel will enable us to serve a broader range of customers and drive revenue to the $1 billion level in 2026. Summing it up. Over the midterm, our strong core test businesses will support share gain and trend line growth, while IA will grow to be about 20% of company sales and become a meaningful contributor to earnings.  In 2022, we have planted the seeds for future growth. We expanded our design-in footprint in the vertically integrated producer space and recognized substantial revenues from this emerging market. We expanded our customer base in SLT. We grew our IA sales in challenging business conditions and set the foundation for higher long-term growth at both Universal Robots and [Newark].  We're in a cyclical downturn in the semiconductor capital industry, and visibility in downturns is always a challenge. We expect sales and earnings to be below our midterm trend line in 2023. While we don't have line of sight to an inflection in demand, that's typical in these cycles. The market will recover, and we expect to return to historical growth rates driving strong earnings over our midterm planning horizon, as Sanjay will describe.  Before turning it over to Sanjay, I would like to thank Mark for his more than 40 years of service to Teradyne and his 9 years as CEO. He has steered the company through an extraordinary period in the semiconductor industry and helped to assure our future growth through our investments in robotics.  More personally, it's been an honor to work for Mark during that period. His candor and insight has made me and all of us at Teradyne better. Although we're facing a cyclical downturn, we're facing it as a company with tremendous financial strength, a great team and a clear strategic vision, thanks to Mark.  Now Sanjay? 
Sanjay Mehta: Thank you, Greg. Good morning, everyone. Today, I'll cover the financial summary of Q4 and the full year 2022, provide our Q1 outlook and review our updated earnings model and capital allocation plans. Now to Q4. Fourth quarter sales were $732 million, which was approximately $20 million above our mid guide with non-GAAP EPS of $0.92. Semi Test revenue of $481 million was strong in Automotive and Industrial and SOC.  System Test group had revenue of $100 million, down 22% year-over-year, driven by lower sales in Storage Tests serving a weaker HDD end market, slightly offset by higher defense and aerospace and Production Board Tests. LitePoint revenue of $40 million was down 23% from a year ago due to lower cellular and WiFi demand. Industrial Automation revenue of $110 million was down 2% from fourth quarter of last year, but up 7% in constant currency. Non-GAAP gross margins were 57.4%, above our guidance, due to favorable product mix and some resiliency costs deferred until the first half of '23. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $252 million, about flat with third quarter OpEx. Non-GAAP operating profit rate was 23%. We had one customer -- we had one 10% customer in the quarter. The tax rate, excluding discrete items for the quarter, was 12.3% on a non-GAAP basis and lower than planned because of geographic mix. We repurchased $2 million of shares in the quarter.  Turning to the full-year results. We had revenue of approximately $3.2 billion. QUALCOMM was our one 10% customer for the full year. Gross margin for the year was 59.2%, OpEx was $1 billion, and operating profit was 27.5%. Non-GAAP EPS was $4.25. We generated $415 million in free cash flow in 2022. We returned $822 million to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends and ended the year with $1 billion of cash and marketable securities. Our tax rate for the full year, excluding discrete items, was 16.3% on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis.  Semi Test revenue for the year was $2.1 billion, with SOC revenue contributing $1.7 billion and memory $373 million. Our SOC sales contracted in 2022. But I'll note a bright spot for us in Automotive, where year-on-year shipments increased over 60%. In memory, our sales declined about 6% and were roughly evenly split between flash and DRAM. System Test group had revenue of $469 million, which was flat to 2021. Strength in defense and aerospace and Production Board Test was offset by a decline in our storage business. In Wireless Test, revenue of $202 million in 2022 was lower year-on-year, with declines in cellular and connectivity partially offset by strength in UWB.  Now to Industrial Automation. IA revenue was $404 million, with UR contributing $326 million and MiR $77 million, which includes. Notably, MiR grew 26% for the year in constant currency, 19% in dollars. Large portion of IA sales are outside the U.S. and sold in local currencies. For the full year, 40% of the IA sales were in Europe, 35% in the U.S., 11% in China and the remainder in the rest of the world. From a profitability perspective in IA, the group was slightly above breakeven on a non-GAAP operating basis for the full year.  Now to our outlook for Q1. In October, we expected Q1 revenue of approximately $640 million which was projected to be down 10% from our Q4 midpoint. Since then, 3 declines have occurred: First, approximately $20 million of revenue was pulled in from Q1. Second, we expect approximately $20 million of supply constraints in Q1, which has not been included in our guidance range. Third, approximately $20 million of memory related to capacity additions has shifted to later in the year, including other offsetting factors.  Q1 sales are expected to be between $550 million and $630 million, with non-GAAP EPS in a range of $0.28 to $0.52 on 165 million diluted shares. First quarter guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles. First quarter gross margins are estimated at 55% to 56%, down from Q4 due to lower volume and higher spending on accelerating our manufacturing and service resiliency. OpEx is expected to run at 39% to 44% of first quarter sales. The non-GAAP operating profit rate at the midpoint of our first quarter guidance is 14%.  A few points to assist you in the modeling in 2023. First, the gross margin profile. In 2023, we expect gross margins will be below our model in the first half, driven by lower volume and additional spending on accelerating our manufacturing and service resiliency. We expect second half gross margins to return to our 59% to 60% model range. Regarding OpEx for the full year. We expect full year 2023 OpEx to be roughly flat, compared with 2022. IA profitability is planned to be in the range of 5% to 15% profit level on higher volume. Our GAAP and non-GAAP tax rate is forecasted to be 16.75% in 2023.  Turning to capital allocation. Our strategy remains consistent as we take a balanced approach and prioritize free cash flow to maintain a minimum cash level to run the business and to have reserves set aside in the event of a significant downturn. Excess free cash flow will be prioritized for M&A, share buybacks and dividends. Prior share buyback authorization was replaced with a new $2 billion authorization. We expect up to $500 million of repurchases in 2023.  Moving to our earnings model. We expect test and IA growth will drive 2026 company revenue to approximately $5 billion and non-GAAP EPS to $8.75 at the midpoint of the updated model. Gross margin is estimated at 59% to 60%. OpEx as a percent of sales will decline to 26% to 28%, yielding a non-GAAP operating margin of 31% to 34%.  Some context on the model. Over the last 6 years, Teradyne has grown revenue at a compounded 10% rate and our non-GAAP EPS at a 19% rate. Our model midpoint, we -- at our model midpoint, we expect the 2016 to 2026 extended trend line for revenue and non-GAAP EPS CAGRs will be -- to be 11% and 19%, respectively, roughly in line with the historical rate and reflecting an increasing contribution of revenue from Industrial Automation. We have included a backup slide in the deck that illustrates these trends.  In prior calls and Greg's comments today, we have outlined the key drivers for the test portfolio, including device technology trends, complexity and unit growth, which we anticipate will drive ATE growth over the 4-year horizon. Our test revenues are expected to grow at a CAGR of 8% to 13% from 2022 to 2026. For IA, we believe this market is still sub-5% penetrated. Greg has outlined the drivers over the midterm for this market, including labor shortages, new products and applications and channel transformation. Our IA revenues are expected to grow 20% to 30% from 2022 to 2026.  Summing up. After 6 years of growth, the SOC test market slowed in the second half of 2022, and our financial model flexed down as designed. Despite the smaller test market, we delivered 27.5% non-GAAP operating profit, generated over $400 million in free cash flow, returned over $800 million to shareholders, reduced our share count by 4% and ended the year with $1 billion in cash.  Going forward, our updated model builds on proven foundation of historical growth in test and IA and includes new drivers of future growth. While there is uncertainty in the short run, we are confident of the growth opportunities in the markets we serve and our team executing our strategy to capture that growth.  With that, I'll turn the call back over to Andy. Andy? 
Andrew Blanchard : Thanks, Sanjay. Daryl, we would now like to take some questions. [Operator Instructions].
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first questions come from the line of Mehdi Hosseini with SIG.
Mehdi Hosseini : The first one has to do with the Semi Test cycle. You did mention in your prepared remarks that perhaps we are in the second quarter of a typical downturn that would last 4 to 6 quarters. But wouldn't that be fair to say that the situation with Teradyne Semi Test is different? If I just look at your guide for Q1, it would suggest that Semi Test is already down by more than 50% since the peak some time in early '21, and perhaps Teradyne is well into the semi cycle correction. I would appreciate if you could help me reconcile, and then I have a follow-up. 
Greg Smith: Thanks for the question, Mehdi. Our thought in terms of the Semi Test cycle is that we really don't have great visibility. Where -- we believe we are about 2 quarters in. And one thing to remember is that the peak that you're talking about was well above our trend line. So there was a fair amount of contraction to happen before we got into a region, where we would have considered it to be sort of a true downturn. So we're really measuring from that sort of July of '22 time frame. And we think we are just about 2 quarters into it.  In terms of when it will inflect back up, we really don't have good visibility. There are a number of factors that make us feel a little bit better about the second half of the year than the first. But we don't see the kinds of leading indicators that the demand is returning. So I don't think we can give you a lot more color than that. 
Q - Mehdi Hosseini : Got it. As my second as a follow-up and as a follow-up to your comment, would it be fair to say that you have pushed out your targeted model by 2 years because you just -- we don't know the rate of recovery into '24, and yet you have a new target 2026. We may go through another downturn before we get to that target. But the main valuable here is the rate of recovery into '24, and we just don't know. And I also want to thank Mark for all the calls that he has hosted and wish him the best of luck in his next endeavor. 
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. Mehdi, it's Sanjay. Yes, I think it's a reasonable comment to say that the model has shifted to the right, really tied to the economic downturn. Really, as Greg mentioned, the inventory in the channel tied to the demand in the end markets coming down and the supply in the market. 
Mark Jagiela: And maybe, Mehdi, thank you for those kind comments. I'll just make one quick comment on your first point, which is every downturn cycle, as we try to measure, it's different. But if you classify it around when does the imbalance between semiconductor supply and demand start to inflect and cause an industry-wide downturn, from that point of view, we see it as something that started last summer. So that's how -- why we mark it back to that date. 
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Timothy Arcuri : So the SOC TAM in 2022, it came in at the high end of what your range was. So what segment drove that in 2022? And then, can you also segment for us, in 2023, how you see the mix? I mean, I think this year, you'd been -- you sort of gave us some numbers for each of the markets. Can you sort of tell us -- if you just take the midpoint of that down 20%, can you tell us sort of what the mix will be, and how the different markets will change? 
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. It's Sanjay. Yes, 2022, the SOC market, we estimate about $4.6 billion and continued strength in compute, a little bit down in '22 from '21 in mobility, and then strength in auto that we referenced in prior calls, and industrial continued along with service. And in '23, really across the board in SOC, we see a decline with the exception of service across the board. And most notably, of course, in compute and mobility, as those markets we've talked about, we see a supply and demand imbalance, as well as Automotive and Industrial. So really, it's across the board from a decline perspective, is our view. 
Timothy Arcuri : Okay. Okay. Got it. And then I guess, Greg, since you're taking over for the company, I know you've been running IA. And I guess the indictment I would have over the past 5 -- well, really more like 7 years in IA, the growth expectations sort of have consistently been downticking since 2017 or 2018. And I get there's been a ton of macro headwinds.  But can you just sort of take a step back and sort of assess maybe the competitive element in the market? Do you think some of it is competition? I know you'd like to maybe do some M&A, it sounds like in IA. So I think some -- I mean I just get a lot of questions from folks that just question whether there really is as much growth in IA as you think there is because the model does keep on pushing out. 
Greg Smith: Yes. So it's a really good question. The thing that I would note is the growth of the collaborative robotics, including AMRs, has been slower than we or other players in the market or analysts have predicted. So essentially, the TAM has grown at a slower rate than we were originally envisioning. So there are other competitive entries in the field, but in general, what we're seeing is that they're sort of raising the profile of the market and potentially helping to accelerate how fast we increase market penetration overall. So especially in cobots, where we have a really strong share position, we think that market entrants are both sort of a blessing and a curse, that they are certainly giving customers options to compare.  We think we've got a good product, and we believe that we're going to be able to hold our share despite those entrants. And that's going to sort of increase market awareness and help to accelerate the growth of the whole market. In AMRs, it's much more of a toss-up, that we are one of the leaders in that market, but their -- the share is spread quite wide. And the market is still forming and people are still figuring out how to really make money in that space. We think we have a winning strategy over the midterm for that, but we have less certainty of the market growth in AMRs. So our plan is to take both of those things into account. But to sort of sum up, the growth has been slower in TAM. We don't think that it's a sign of loss of share due to competition. 
Operator: Our next question has come from the line of C.J. Muse with Evercore. 
C.J. Muse: First off, Mark, congrats. And we'll miss seeing you on Valentine's Day, but I'm sure you'll find better dates from here. But first question, for SOC test market share in '23, I guess I would love to hear your thoughts on the moving parts. It looks like roughly 37% share in '22, which was a very off year for your Cupertino account. What kind of recovery are you assuming there? And I guess, what kind of offset on the negative side should we be thinking around Eagle from the slowdown in Auto, Industrial? Would love to hear your thoughts there. 
Greg Smith: Sure. No, it's a good question. We're very cautious about making predictions about 2023. We have a reasonable line of sight, but a lot of uncertainty around even just the first half. In the second half, there are some things that could break our way and could drive both the market larger and our share higher. And there has also been -- in 2022, there's been quite strong buying in compute with traditional customers that has tended to push our share down. So I can't really give you sort of a target number for share in 2023, but we believe that we're going to see some share recovery. 
C.J. Muse: Very helpful. And then maybe more importantly, as you think about the underlying growth trends for SOC test, can you speak to 2024? And if you kind of had to rank-order the positive drivers for your business, whether it's 3-nanometer, a recovery in auto, hyperscalers starting to really expand, could you kind of walk through the 3 most important drivers that we should be thinking about into 2024? 
Greg Smith: Yes. So I think you hit many of them. So I think that we are more bullish about 2024 than we are about 2023, certainly. There's -- it's a cloudy crystal ball to try and figure out what's going on. But the positive drivers, I think you hit an important one, that 3-nanometer is going to have much broader adoption across the industry, and 3-nanometer enables a significant increase in device complexity. That's always been a really good driver for ATE TAM. The hyperscalers and automakers, we think that, that is going to be a -- we tend to think of it more as a share gain opportunity than a real TAM driver. So if you think about -- the end market has a demand for a certain number of semiconductors, those semiconductors are going to come from traditional suppliers or these vertically integrated producers. We think that we have an opportunity to do well with that class of customers and potentially shift some share.  Overall, I think I hit kind of the high points around AI, cloud computing, a recovery in mobile and especially increasing semiconductor content in automotive. The one thing that could happen in 2024 is we're seeing unit declines in smartphones in 2023. And typically, if people take time off, if they slow down their refresh cycle for their phones, the following year tends to have a little bit more positive task to it. So that may also help with the rebound. 
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Samik Chatterjee with JP Morgan. 
Samik Chatterjee : I guess for the first one, I know you're sort of seeing the test market, particularly on the SOC side, being down, particularly in the first half. But -- I mean, you called this sort of the early part of a down cycle as well. But when you sort of rely on your experience going through prior down cycles, how would you sort of think about the recovery path between the different pieces here? Like should we expect memory test to sort of rebound sooner? Or are there certain pieces of SOC that you would expect to sort of rebound a bit faster than the others? How should we think about sort of the recovery path? And then I have a follow-up. 
Greg Smith: That's interesting subtlety. So I think your question is really, how should we expect the shape of the recovery? Do we expect it to come first in SOC, first in memory? The first thing that I'll say is that, right now, it appears that the SOC market is impacted more than the memory market in terms of 2023 TAM. And that's mainly because of these technology transitions in memory that are driving tester purchases, even though there isn't a need for more capacity.  What that says to me is that, when there is a recovery, it's probably more likely to be SOC-led than memory-led because there's sort of a capacity overage in memory that is going to need to be absorbed as the end market for memory recovers. So that's just my opinion. I think it's pretty murky. So it could turn out a different way. But I think SOC is likely to snap back a little faster and harder than memory would. 
Samik Chatterjee : Okay. And for a follow-up, and I apologize if you've discussed this already on the call, I jumped a bit late. But in terms of sort of your expectations for what sounds like a bit better sort of second half versus first half, I mean, is -- how much of that is driven by sort of one of the primary customers moving to 3-nanometer? And have you -- are you able to provide a split of how you're thinking about sort of first half versus second half in terms of revenue?
Sanjay Mehta: All right. It's Sanjay here. Yes, I think from a revenue perspective, right now, our plans in the first half, as we provided, are lower, obviously, than the second half of '22. And we do expect an increase through the year really tied to IA and including in Semi Test. And we do expect that to occur in the SOC market as well. 
Greg Smith: Yes. But we're not able to sort of predict a 2023 in full, so we really can't give you an exact percentage, this percent first half, this percent second half. We're cautiously optimistic that it will be bigger. 
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Brian Chin with Stifel. 
Brian Chin: Again, best of luck, Mark. And Greg, congratulations and look forward to working more with you. Maybe first question, just to clarify on the complexity. You outlined again that you expect your largest customer to grow year-over-year and expect -- I believe that complexity-driven revenue will occur mostly in the second half of the year. And so while the sizing sounds fairly similar, is this later than you anticipated maybe 3 months ago from a timing perspective? And just how would you describe why that those shipments could occur later towards the second half versus sort of maybe in 2Q, but where I might normally expect it to be concentrated? 
Greg Smith: Yes. Thanks, Brian. Yes. I think it is a bit later than we've seen in some other years. Our customer always tends to firm up their demand during the second quarter. But oftentimes, they have sort of a directional idea of what they'll need. I think the combination of softness in the smartphone end market and this technology transition is pushing those decisions a little bit later in the year. But that's sort of our outside observation. 
Brian Chin: Got it. And I mean this is probably just geared up to a plan at the moment, which obviously is subject to change or revision. But do you have sort of a -- or could you give us a sense of where test cell utilization is broadly across our device end markets? Maybe where you think it gets to by midyear and where it could end the year, based on your current planning?
Greg Smith: Yes. So it's -- measuring utilization is something that's challenging to do, and so the absolute numbers aren't perfectly trustworthy. The thing that we try to do is we try to use the sort of a consistent method to look at it each quarter, so that we can trust the deltas. So if things are moving down, then that's not great. If things are moving up, then that is a good leading indicator. And what we've seen across the fourth quarter of 2022 is that utilization is declining, especially in OSATs. It's helped -- holding up a little bit better inside of IDMs. And we are -- we expect it to sort of bottom out around where it is, and potentially, utilization to increase through the back half of this year. But it's definitely softened in the second half of '22. 
Brian Chin: Got it. I appreciate the comment. Maybe if I could just sneak one thing on Automation. Greg, you provide a growth rate for the OEM business through UR, 26% last year. Can you give us a sense of how large that is, the significance relative to UR sales? And also, is that margin profile similar or different relative to traditional channels? 
Greg Smith: Let me take that in backwards order. So the margin in the OEM channel right now is the same or better than our traditional channels. So that is a potential operating margin improvement for that business. In terms of the portion of sales, if I'm recalling correctly, I think it was 16% of UR sales in 2022, but we probably should double check that number. 
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. 
Toshiya Hari: The weakness in SOC test this year, Greg, you mentioned it was pretty broad-based. I guess I'm a little surprised that Eagle Test, Auto and Industrial could be weak as well, just given how your customers sound as of today. Are you seeing weakness kick in, in the near term? Or are you embedding some sort of conservatism as you progress into the second half? 
Greg Smith: Yes. We're -- I think it's safe to say that we're baking in conservatism into the 2023 plan for Automotive and Industrial. It's been a very, very strong year for that in 2022, and it sustained very well through the whole year and into the first quarter. But we've definitely modeled declines in that market as well. 
Toshiya Hari: Got it. And then as my follow-up, a high-level question for you, Greg. I know you've been with the company for a long time, you've partnered with Mark for a long time. From a top-down kind of strategy standpoint, how you manage the portfolio? How you think about capital allocation? Buybacks versus M&A? What do you intend to inherit? And what are some of the changes you might introduce going forward? 
Greg Smith: Yes. So it's an interesting question because I helped to bake this cake. The strategy that we have in terms of a capital allocation strategy that prioritizes M&A, share buybacks, dividends, nothing is going to change in terms of that strategy. The thing that's happened is we've been on the sidelines since 2019 in terms of M&A, mainly because when we did our analysis of the valuations, it didn't seem like we would be able to do something that was beneficial to our shareholders by using our capital in that way. It's a different market now. And we assume that valuations are going to become more reasonable. And so you may see different outcomes across the next few years than you've seen in the past few years. That's not a reflection of a change in strategy, it's more of a change in the business conditions. 
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America. 
Vivek Arya : Congratulations and best wishes to both Mark and Greg. For my first one, from what you have described about the different segments, it seems like full-year sales are in the ballpark of being down 10% to 15% year-on-year. I just wanted to make sure I'm in the ballpark. And if yes, I wanted to check how you expect your mobility sales to do this year versus last year. 
Sanjay Mehta: It's Sanjay, Vivek. Thanks for the question. Yes, we do expect full-year sales to be down. And really, as you can see with our first quarter guide and our comments throughout the call, visibility is really unclear in the second half. And that's something we've learned from prior downturns, the depth and the duration of this downturn is questionable. So it's really challenging to provide a full-year view. But I would give you the directional -- yes, we agree. We expect it to be down.  From a mobility perspective, again, in earlier questions, how do we view the TAM? We view the TAM in mobility to come down. And again, our revenues are expected to come down as well, as that market significantly, we believe, is softer, just given the inventory in the channel and demand coming down and volume. 
Vivek Arya : Got it. And for my follow-up, I'm curious, for the 3-nanometer transition, do I absolutely need new testers? Or is it possible to just reuse existing tester capacity? 
Greg Smith: Yes. Vivek, that's an excellent question. So unlike the memory market or the Wireless Test market, where you need new equipment for new standards, and that drives replacements, in node transitions like 3-nanometer, for the most part, the installed capacity is perfectly capable of testing the new part. And so the tester demand is really driven by increased complexity.  So if you are testing a part that takes longer to test, you're going to need to add to your test capacity, test the part on both the stuff you already own and then the new testers that you buy. And so we look really carefully at how much of the industry is on a particular node because that drives basically the number of transistors that have to get tested. So it's definitely -- there's a high degree of reuse in the SOC market as nodes transition.
Vivek Arya : Got it. So there is a scenario where, if 3-nanometer volumes are low enough, that they don't really need to buy new testers in the back half, right? 
Greg Smith: Yes. That's certainly one scenario. It's not our current best view, but things could certainly play out that way because of this balance of units versus complexity. 
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Krish Sankar with Cowen. 
Krish Sankar: Mark, thanks for all your help, and welcome, Greg. Two quick questions. First one, Sanjay, you mentioned about gross margins in the back half of the year kind of going back up. Kind of curious, what gives you that comfort, especially given the fact that if auto does roll over, those are high-margin Eagle testers that get out of your profitability equation? So I'm just kind of curious on the second half gross margin. And then I have a follow-up. 
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. Thanks for the question. So I think a couple of things are included in our plan. The first thing is we expect to gain some operational efficiencies, some tied to specific programs, I would say, mainly in our IA portfolio. There are also some price increases baked into our -- that are rolling through in the second half, and some volume that is anticipated in the second half. 
Krish Sankar: Got it. Very helpful. And then as a follow-up, maybe for Greg. Kind of curious, in the past, you folks have mentioned how -- I understand you're not impacted by some of these China export controls because it's more of a front end. But the Chinese OSATs have been a big component of your China sales, and they might also see a slowdown if some of your front-end counterparts are seeing weakness. I'm kind of curious how to think about China on a go-forward basis, especially given the fact that through 2021 and the first half of 2022, Chinese OSATs seemed to have ordered a lot of equipment. 
Greg Smith: Yes. So that's -- it's a good question because most of the business that's going through Chinese OSATs, it comes from 2 places. There are local Chinese fabless specifiers that are driving volume through that value chain. And then there's also companies that are from other places that are utilizing those facilities. What we expect is that, if there are issues in terms of producing chips in China because of any sort of restrictions, the non-Chinese specifiers will move their supply chains. They still need to build their chips. They will move to other parts of the world, other facilities to do that. The indigenous Chinese sales, that could be affected by the new trade regulations that are in place. But I'd like to point out that, that's not the majority of our revenue in China, and it's not the majority of the business that -- of the TAM in China. So our exposure there is limited to probably less than 5% of our total revenues. 
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of Vedvati Shrotre with Jefferies. 
Vedvati Shrotre: So I just wanted to dig in a little bit on the compute SOC side of things. So you mentioned that you're seeing a lot of digestion that's going on in the traditional x86 markets, where you have lower share. So does that, in a way, put you in a better position? Are you seeing things -- are things different on the hyperscalers versus the traditional x86 architectures? 
Greg Smith: So that's a really good question because 2022 was a terrific year for traditional compute suppliers, and they drove a lot of tester purchases. We are seeing that soften in the back half of the year, and we expect that to remain soft, going into 2023.  The new vertically integrated producers, including hyperscalers, are running to it on a different track. They have new parts that they're designing, that they're releasing to production. And those parts typically need different tester configurations that are driving capacity in different places than the traditional compute specifiers. So we do think that, that's going to be a stronger part of the compute market in 2023 than the traditional -- there'll be softness in the traditional market. 
Vedvati Shrotre: That's great. And then for my follow-up. On the automotive side, there's, I think, portion of your revenues are tied to legacy parts and some would be more on the ADAS side of things. Could you help me understand like what that split is, essentially? Is it a 50-50 split? Or is it more levered to traditional and less towards ADAS or other way around? 
Greg Smith: Yes. So it's definitely a market in transition. If you look back in time, legacy automotive parts, airbag controllers, engine controllers and MCUs, was sort of the majority of that market. And last year, that market would have been in the $600 million to $800 million range. There are new part types, and there are 2 types of new part types. One are ADAS, which are complex digital devices. And the other would be power devices for battery management and for high-power management going into electric motors, in EVs and hybrid vehicles.  That part is, in 2022, would probably have been maybe 2/3 of the size of the traditional automotive. Well, actually -- so the number that I gave you in terms of the size of the automotive market includes these new classes, and I would say that in 2022, it was probably a little bit more than half in these new stuff that's growing, the EV and ADAS, and slightly less than half in legacy. Moving forward, we expect the legacy stuff to track vehicle sales. So as vehicle sales increase, that would increase at a relatively slow rate. But the adoption of ADAS and the transition from internal combustion to electric vehicles is going to drive much higher growth rates in ADAS and power. 
Andrew Blanchard : And operator, can we sneak in just one last question, please? Operator Our final questions come from the line of Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank. 
Sidney Ho : I just have one question. So you talked about your largest customer going from less than 10% of sales to, I think, ['22]. So call it $300 million, going to low double digits in '23. So maybe $100 million increase. But that's still quite a bit lower than in 2021. First, are those numbers right? And second, do you think that this, call it, $400 million range is the correct run rate, going forward, but maybe with less volatility than in the past? 
Greg Smith: Yes. So I don't think I want to comment on the specific numbers. But directionally, I think you're not wrong. And your comment about smoothing out the troughs, that's our belief as well. As to what the sort of steady state average is, I think we're going to have to wait and see.  We're pretty -- we have some optimism that, that average is going to be strong because of both new parts coming into the portfolio and the transition of the portfolio of all processors going to 3-nanometer and continuing to march in that way. So that's -- I think that's kind of our view, that we have some optimism that the peaks are going to be lower, the overall is going to be stronger. 
Andrew Blanchard : All right, folks. And we've overstayed our welcome. So thank you so much for joining us today, and we look forward to talking with you in the weeks ahead. And those remaining in the queue, I'll get back to you later this morning. Thanks so much. 
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Teradyne Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to introduce Vice President of Investor Relations, Andy Blanchard.
Andy Blanchard: Thank you, Andrew. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne’s most recent financial results. I’m joined this morning by our CEO, Mark Jagiela; President, Greg Smith; and our CFO, Sanjay Mehta. Following our opening remarks, we’ll provide details of our performance for 2022’s third quarter along with our outlook for the fourth quarter of 2022. The press release containing our third quarter results was issued last evening. We’re providing slides on the Investor page of the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion. Replays of this call will be available via the same page after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne’s results to differ materially from management’s current expectations. We encourage you to review the safe harbor statement contained in the earnings release as well as our most recent SEC filings. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today’s call, we’ll make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We’ve posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure were available on the Investor page of our website. Looking ahead between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne expects to participate in technology or industrial-focused investor conferences hosted by Baird, Credit Suisse and UBS. Now let’s get on with the rest of the agenda. First, Mark and Greg will comment on our recent results and the market conditions as we enter the new quarter. Sanjay will then offer more details on our quarterly results along with our guidance for the fourth quarter. We’ll then answer your questions and this call is scheduled for one hour. Mark?
Mark Jagiela: Thanks, Andy. Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining us this morning. In today’s call, Greg will review our 3Q results and 4Q outlook. I’ll then describe the longer term view, and Sanjay will provide the financial details of the quarter. Greg?
Greg Smith: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Teradyne’s third quarter sales and profits were above the midpoint of our guidance in revenue and profit with sales of $827 million and $1.15 in non-GAAP earnings per share. At the company level, the quarter unfolded generally as planned, but at the operating level, we cleared some supply bottlenecks, which allowed us to ship more semiconductor test products than planned in the quarter. On the other hand, industrial automation was weaker than we forecast in July. Putting the third quarter into context. When we spoke in July, we noted that slowing SOC and wireless tester demand in the second half were related to declines in the end market shipments of smartphones, compute products and associated infrastructure. With that backdrop, we reduced our estimate for the SOC market size and reduced our second half shipment plan approximately $300 million. About one-third of that amount was already confirmed in June and about two-thirds, $200 million was our judgment on how the second half would unfold. In the subsequent three months, about $110 million of the $200 million additional decline was realized and about $90 million was not as overall test demand held up better than we expected in July. This incremental strength and test has been partially offset by weaker IA demand as reflected in the Q4 guidance. The highlight in Semi Test is the continued strength in automotive test demand. This year, we’re seeing a step increase in our shipments for ADAS processors, silicon carbide drive and charging ICs and battery management devices. Our UltraFLEX platform is well aligned to the unique requirements of multibillion transistor ADAS processors and our Eagle platform is well suited for the thousands of volts and hundreds of amps often required for silicon carbide devices. It’s notable that these three device types collectively will add over $100 million of incremental SOC TAM in 2022 and they were insignificant five years ago. Shifting now to industrial automation. Because only about 30% of our sales are transacted in dollars and there have been significant changes in exchange rates in 2022, will describe results in both constant currency and dollar terms. In constant currency, Automation Group Q3 revenue grew 7% from last year’s Q3 and is up 19% for the first nine months of the year. In dollar terms, however, revenue contracted 2% in the quarter compared with Q3 2021 and growth is 11% for the first nine months. Looking at the full year, we expect IA growth from 2021 will be about 6% in dollar terms at the midpoint of our Q4 guidance. In constant currency terms, IA growth will come in at about 14%. Even using constant currency terms, this is below our 2022 plan to grow in the mid-30s, from the 2021 level and reflects two additional factors. First, slowing industrial activity, especially in Europe, where PMIs dropped below 50 in July and have remained in that contraction zone since. Europe is our largest end market for automation and this is a 10-point headwind to growth. Second, labor scarcity continues in our distribution channel, which we expect to reduce growth by about five points. While 2022 growth is below our plan, we have a number of bright spots in IA, and I will highlight just a few. At Universal Robots, customer demand for our higher payload, longer-reach UR20 has been stronger than expected since its introduction mid-year, and we expect it to be a meaningful contributor to results when it begins shipping in 2023. The UR20 expands our capability in the palletizing, welding and machine tending end markets. Also, we’ve continued to grow our OEM channel at UR including supporting partner expansion from national to international sales coverage. The OEM channel is a powerful growth driver for us. For example, our welding channel grew over 80% in the first nine months compared with last year. And for this year, we expect to ship well over 1,200 robots in that vertical. At MiR, our sales to large customers continue to expand with more than 30 customers having fleet sizes greater than 20 robots. The number of customers with these large fleets has increased 30% in 2022. This is significant as our fleet management software is an increasingly important differentiator as fleet sizes grow. On a related note, at the end of Q3 we merged AutoGuide into MiR as we prepare to offer customers a broad payload range from hundreds to thousands of kilograms sold by the same team using the same fleet management software backed by the same global distribution – same global network of distributors, all while increasing our engineering, marketing and back-office leverage. Finally, MiR service and spares revenue has more than doubled to about 5% of revenue through the first nine months compared with 2021 as we begin to expand our customer support offering. Across Industrial Automation, the investments we’re continuing to make are giving us the foundation to support high growth with differentiated products to global customers through multiple distribution channels. While we are not satisfied with 2022’s growth rate and have taken actions to improve, we remain confident of our long-term strategy in these growing markets. With that, I’ll now pass it back to Mark.
Mark Jagiela: Thanks, Greg. I’ll comment on the longer-term view of our markets and the impact of changes in the regulatory environment. Although better than estimated in our July call, the demand has slowed across our test markets as we enter Q4. As I noted at the time, predicting the depth and duration of these corrections is challenging, but in each of the last three corrections, growth has returned after 6 months to 12 months. We haven’t seen anything in the last three months to change that view. So while it’s too early to offer estimates on 2023 full year market size, based on the historical patterns and current market conditions, we expect next year’s first quarter and first half demand to remain relatively weak. That, combined with the weak macro environment in industrial markets suggest that our Q1 revenue will likely be about 10% softer than Q4. Looking at the full year 2023, it’s too early to make quantitative predictions but I’ll point out how we’re thinking about the balloons and anchors for the year ahead. First, the balloons. We expect the semiconductor industry to begin to transition to 3-nanometer technology and our largest customer to grow from less than 10% of company sales in 2022 to more than 10% next year. However, we expect them to be at a lower than historical past peak level as 3-nanometer will not hit full stride until 2024. In Industrial Automation, we also expect to grow year-over-year with the exact amount governed by macro conditions. Balancing these balloons are a few anchors. Semiconductor unit volumes and revenue are expected to decline in 2023 due to inventory digestion and macro headwinds. In Industrial Automation, slowing industrial growth worldwide and a pronounced slowdown in European manufacturing are additional anchors. So we’re keeping a balanced view of next year, and we should have a better view of the full year in January. Looking longer-term, the case for growth in both Test and IA remains intact and compelling. In Semi Test, we’re operating on a market growth trend line of 10% since 2017. Growth in our test businesses is driven by unit growth and complexity. We expect those drivers to remain in place as new semiconductor technologies such as 3-nanometer, gate all around and chiplets ramp over the next few years. These technology building blocks enable applications to continue to grow in complexity, including emerging applications like AI, ADAS and new compute architectures. In Industrial Automation, we remain bullish on the future. While we’re not immune to macro conditions, we recognize the underlying drivers of demand are favorable for Cobot and AMR automation. Labor demographics and economics and the growing range of tasks our Cobots can perform ensures an expanding market opportunity, and our strategy enables us to capitalize on that opportunity for many years to come. Regarding the recent changes in trade regulations, indigenous Chinese memory makers have been a significant and growing part of our memory business. And while the new regulations mainly focus on fab equipment rather than test, tighter restrictions, combined with potential reduction in their wafer volume will likely impact our business. This situation is dynamic, but as of now, we see these regulations as about a $75 million to $100 million headwind going into 2023. On the supply side of the trade equation, we have a large manufacturing footprint in China, and our global support team has a professional services operation in place to support local and global customers. As part of our resiliency planning, we have been enabling additional global sites for these activities. Given the current environment, we will be accelerating the capacity growth of these other sites. Sanjay will take you through more details of those plans. Stepping back to look at the full year. Despite the drop in demand in the second half, we’re on track to deliver our second highest revenue in history. We’ve balanced our growth investments with financial discipline and we positioned Teradyne for high growth as our core test and IA markets improve. Sanjay will now take you through the financial details. Sanjay?
Sanjay Mehta: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Today, I’ll provide details on our Q3 results, update you on the impact of the new trade regulations and describe our Q4 outlook. Now to Q3. Third quarter sales were $827 million, with non-GAAP EPS of $1.15. Non-GAAP gross margins were 58.7% and our non-GAAP operating expenses were $247 million. About flat with second quarter OpEx due to implemented spending controls. Non-GAAP operating profit was 28.8%. We had one, 10% customer in the quarter. The tax rate, excluding discrete items, for the quarter was 18.7% on a non-GAAP basis. Please note, you should now use 17.25% for the full year non-GAAP tax rate. Looking at the results from a business unit perspective. Semi Test revenue was $576 million with SOC revenue contributing $451 million and memory of $125 million. We cleared some supply constraints, which enabled the highest level of memory shipments in the past two years. In memory, the transitions to new memory standards in both flash and DRAM, along with strong demand from indigenous China customers drove the results. In SOC, the increasing semi content for EVs, autonomous driving and infotainment and autos, along with continued strength in analog industrial contributed to the demand. System Test group had revenue of $116 million with Storage Test delivering $70 million in Defense and aerospace and production board test $46 million. In Wireless Test at LitePoint, revenue was $46 million in the quarter, down 33% year-over-year, primarily because of lower WiFi revenue tied to declining PC and smartphone end markets. Now to Industrial Automation. IA revenue was $89 million with UR contributing $73 million and MiR $16 million. MiR results include auto guidance. As Greg noted, a large portion of IA sales are outside the U.S. For the first nine months, 41% of IA sales were in Europe, 29% in the U.S. and 11% in China and the remainder in the rest of the world. From a financial perspective in IA, the group was slightly above breakeven on a non-GAAP operating basis in the third quarter. And for the full year, we expect to be about breakeven. Below the 5% to 15% profit range planned for the group. As growth has slowed this year, we’ve also slowed the growth in OpEx. Shifting to supply. Looking at Q4, we continue to face supply issues, but the supply trend continues to improve relative to three months ago. These supply bottlenecks noted at the beginning of each quarter have moved from $50 million in Q3 to about $15 million in the fourth quarter. These amounts are outside the high end of our guidance range. Switching to a strategic issue. We manufacture certain products and deliver certain engineering services in China for our global customers. While recent U.S. government actions have no immediate impact to these operations, due to concerns about potential future impacts, we are accelerating our strategy to expand our manufacturing and engineering service capabilities in other countries. In manufacturing, this work has been underway for several years and we’re accelerating the work to complete our expansion strategy in the next several quarters. In Engineering Services, the transition will likely take most of 2023 to achieve. Shifting to the balance sheet and cash flow. [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, please stand by. Your conference will resume momentarily. Please stand by.
Andy Blanchard: Did John say where we lost it?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, please stand by. Your conference will resume momentarily.
Andy Blanchard: Hey, Andrew.
Operator: Yes, please go ahead.
Andy Blanchard: All right. We’re ready to go.
Operator: Yes, we are live with the audience. Please go ahead.
Andy Blanchard: Back to you Sanjay.
Sanjay Mehta: I’ll go back to shifting to the balance sheet. Shifting to the balance sheet and cash flow. Our cash and marketable securities at the end of the quarter totaled approximately $900 million about flat with Q2. We had $233 million in free cash flow in the quarter and our DSO came down from 74 to 58 days. Uses of cash in the quarter included share buybacks of $217 million, dividend payments of $17 million and debt retirement of $10 million. Due to opportunistic buying through the year, we finished our $750 million share repurchase plan for 2022 full three months ahead of the original schedule. Our Board has authorized continued opportunistic share repurchases in Q4. Since our program began in 2015, we’ve repurchased 74 million shares at an average price of $45.85. Regarding debt, to date, $397 million of convertible bonds have early converted. Now to our revolver. During Q3, we worked with our banking partners and have increased the capacity of the revolver to $750 million from $400 million. Our credit facility is in place until December 2026. Now to our outlook for Q4. As Greg noted, our outlook is ahead of what we expected three months ago, driven mainly by Semi Test. Sales in Q4 are expected to be between $670 million and $750 million with non-GAAP EPS in a range of $0.62 to $0.86 on 164 million diluted shares. Fourth quarter guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles. Fourth quarter gross margins are estimated at 56% to 57% down from Q3 due to lower volume, product mix and spending on accelerated – on accelerating our manufacturing and service delivery resiliency. OpEx is expected to run at 34% to 38% of fourth quarter sales. On a non-GAAP operating – the non-GAAP operating profit rate at the midpoint of our fourth quarter guidance is 21%. Looking at the full year of 2022. At the midpoint of our guidance, 2022 revenue will be $3.1 billion with an EPS of $4.08. Gross margin for the full year should be approximately 59%. Regarding OpEx for the full year, we spent a bit lower than planned in Q3 in both tests and IA businesses. We expect the full year OpEx will be about $1 billion up about 3% from 2021 at the midpoint of our Q4 guidance. Recall, our operating model flexes OpEx with revenue, so growth is naturally trended down through the year. A couple of points looking ahead at 2023, first, gross margins. I will note that because of the additional spending on supply resiliency forecasted product mix, we expect Q1 gross margin will be similar to Q4’s level. Second, tax rate, in 2023 is forecasted to be at 17%. We’ll update our midterm operating model in our January call. Summing it all up, we’re expecting higher revenue and profit in the second half of the year than prior update in July. Declines in our test portfolio were less than forecasted, offset by weaker IA business driven by FX, continued economic challenges in Europe and labor scarcity in the channel. For 2022, OpEx spending will increase year-over-year approximately 3% versus the 11% to 13% anticipated at the beginning of the year as revenue forecasts have declined from our view in January. In a challenging environment, regardless if the driver is economic downturn, regulatory changes, supply shortages, labor scarcity or whatever may come our way, we’re confident we have a great team, strategy, operating model and experience to lead us through whatever lies ahead. We will continue to focus on our customers and the long-term opportunities in tests and industrial automation markets. With that, I’ll turn things over to Andy.
Andy Blanchard: Thanks, Sanjay. Andrew, we’d now like to take some questions. And as a reminder, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line with Krish [Sankar], Cowen. Pardon me, Krish, please check your mute button.
Krish Sankar: Hi. Can you hear me?
Mark Jagiela: Yes, we can.
Krish Sankar: Yes. Hey thanks for that – thanks for taking my question. I had two of them. First one, Mark, I’m just kind of curious, you’ve seen – industrial automation flow, you’ve seen mobile compute flow, and then I understand the demand drivers for ADAS and auto. Do you worry that auto and industrial tests is the next shoe to draw? Or do you think that it could be resilient into 2023?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. I think that industrial is probably something we’re looking to soften a little bit in 2023 and automotive at the moment is just, there’s no sign of that. It’s very strong. We’re at a year where the market size for automotive and semiconductors is all time peak. But the ADAS and EV content is on such a dramatic rise that it could very well be that next year has a flattening, but at the moment we don’t see it softening, certainly not through Q1.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Got it. That’s very helpful. And then the quick follow-up, I think you mentioned that the China impact was probably $75 million to $100 million headwind in 2023. I’m kind of curious, you mentioned a lot of the exposure was through memory. What about the China OSATs? I thought you had pretty high exposure over there too, or is that part of this $70 million to $100 million headwind?
Mark Jagiela: Most of that headwind is memory. There’s not really a lot of incremental restrictions that we have related to China OSAT, so that’s not really a headwind for us.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of CJ Muse with Evercore ISI.
CJ Muse: Yes, good afternoon or good morning. Thank you for taking the question. I guess, was hoping to get a little bit more detail on gross margins. I think you talked about manufacturing, engineering, resiliency and kind of investments outside of China negatively impacting margins into Q1. And I guess, can you give a little bit more color on the plans there and how we should think about the impact to overall calendar 2023?
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. Hi, CJ, it’s Sanjay. So addressing gross margins and I’ll get to the resiliency plans. So think of Q4 as roughly a third, a third, a third volume decline product mix, and then resiliency spending of the bridge from Q3 to Q4. And a lot of that continues into Q1. Getting into the resiliency plans, for the past couple of years we’ve been working to, on what I call a multi-country manufacturing approach. We’ve obviously grown over the last several years and we had to increase capacity. So we fundamentally took the approach to have redundant capacity in both different geographies, and not just from manufacturing, but from a supply chain perspective. And from that we’ve chosen to accelerate over the next couple of quarters. So what you’re seeing is an accelerated spend on the manufacturing. And then from an engineering services perspective, again to create capacity in different locations that’ll take a little bit longer into the second half of 2023.
CJ Muse: Very helpful. As my follow up, you talked a bit about 2023 outlook and highlighted your top customer accelerating higher, but not getting back to prior peak. I guess, any color there in terms of kind of the diversification of the business and/or when you’ll have clear visibility to what kind of the magnitude of the growth might look like?
Greg Smith: Yes. As usual, with our largest customer, the visibility comes pretty late, April of next year. We do get signs as early as this time of the year, which is why we have the sort of commentary on it going back above 10% for them. But it’s not going to go back to greater than 20%. We don’t believe where we’ve seen prior peaks, primarily because the 3 nanometer move in 2023 will be for a fraction of the phone models that that will be introduced. So that will expand as we go beyond 2023 and we would expect it to continue to grow, therefore, that business piece. Outside of that, we’ve talked a bit in these calls about design wins in emerging vertically integrated non-traditional semiconductor companies. That should be another growth engine for us as we look into 2023. So I didn’t call that out as a specific balloon, but that sits there as well on top.
CJ Muse: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Hi. Thanks. So I’m wondering if Mark, maybe you can help bridge the gap between Q4 is better because things aren’t as bad as you thought when you guided particularly on this Semi Test side, mostly sounds like because of supply, but then Q1 being worse. So to get Q1 down 10%, you have to assume a pretty significantly worse than normal Q1, which I assume would mostly come from Semi Test. So can you sort of help us bridge that gap? Thanks.
Mark Jagiela: Well, first of all, in industrial automation, our Q1 is always down from Q4, so that is a factor here. And it’s reasonably significant. So that is one thing. But in the case of Semi Test, we do see some incremental weakening in industrial, which we spoke about. The China headwinds we talked about around memory will start to impact us in Q1 as well. So the combination of those two are kind of what leads us into that estimate for Q1.
Timothy Arcuri: Got it. Okay. And then can you also talk about, I know that you – it’s a bit early to kind of talk about what the outlook is for the full year next year. But can you talk about any sense of directionality for the SOC TAM? I assume that the memory TAM will be down clearly, you have front end WFE down 40% plus next year for memory. So I assume that the memory test TAM would be down. But front end foundry and logic WFE TAM is not down that much next year it’s down probably 5%, maybe 10%. So do you have any sense in terms of where the SOC TAM could go next year, at least from a directional perspective? Thanks.
Greg Smith: Well, it’s interesting. So first on memory. Although you’re right on the WFE estimates, a lot of what’s going to happen in memory, especially DRAM next year, is the shift to DDR5 finally for server applications. That requires a brand new test platform. So we actually think that memory next year for a test will actually be pretty good. It may be, let’s say, flattish with 2022 levels. It could, because on the NAND side it could come down a little bit, but we’re pretty optimistic given what we’re hearing from our customers because of the DDR5 transition. In SOC from a TAM point of view, I would expect the overall TAM to be a little bit weaker because the late in the year, declines in the PC markets, the compute markets, I think will precipitate into a lull in capacity adds early next year. And that will get offset, of course, by let’s say, some mobility growth related to 3-nanometer. But maybe the falloff on the PC side – the impact of the falloff on the PC side might be more pronounced than the growth on the mobility side. And let’s say, automotive remains relatively strong. Industrial weakens a bit. So I could see it being marginally down next year, the first half much more so. I think that’s where we’re going to see the sort of digestion around capacity for PC test and such come to fruition.
Timothy Arcuri: Great, awesome. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi. Good morning, thanks for taking my question. For the first one, if I could start on gross margin, you gave us some color for 1Q. I was just thinking if you can give us a bit more color on the trajectory for the year, particularly the implications of the drivers of growth that you’re outlining, which is – seems to have a lot of the growth will come from your primary customer next year and some from IA. But there’s obviously demand slowdown across the board as well as the memory headwinds that you outlined. And there’s also – I guess, supply improvement. So as we sort of look at the puts and takes, how should we think about the trajectory of gross margin given the growth drivers? And I have a follow-up.
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. So first, let me ground you – and as I’ve said in my prepared remarks, this year, we plan to come in approximately 59% are on model. There’s no change to our operating model that we’re managing the business at 59% to 60%. I think I outlined in Q1 that we expect some headwinds tied to product mix as well as spending on resiliency accelerations. We’re just going through the planning phase right now for 2023 and we’ll be able to provide a little bit more color in the January call, but we fundamentally manage the business at 59% to 60% gross margins. And in any given quarter, those are going to oscillate tied to product mix and kind of what’s happening in the environment.
Samik Chatterjee: For my follow-up, I think I heard you say for the industrial automation slowdown that you’re seeing, some level of that slowdown come through because of labor shortages. I’m not sure if I heard you correctly there. But I’m just curious if what you’re hearing from your customers is more of a pullback in terms of capital investment plans that’s driving the slowdown that you’re seeing right now? Or is that sort of more of a next step right now, it’s more about labor shortages that you sort of outlined? Thank you.
Sanjay Mehta: I pointed out there were sort of two factors involved. There is a slowdown in spend primarily in Europe due to economic conditions. And there, you do see some customers that are implementing capital freezes or limiting their investments. In other regions, the labor scarcity in the channel is the primary factor. What we see with our partners is that they actually are maintaining very high project backlogs and they’re trying to work through those projects and add to their capacity at the same time, so that they’re able to support a higher level of business. So we haven’t seen a pullback in regions other than Europe, it’s much more a constraint – a capacity constraint in our traditional distributor channel.
Samik Chatterjee: Thank you for the clarification. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini with SIG.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes, thanks for taking my question. The first one for Sanjay. In this scenario and I’m not asking for a guide, in a scenario where your 2023 revenues would be flattish. Would you expect OpEx flat, up or down? And I have a follow-up.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. Good question, Mehdi. We’re – as I said earlier in the Q&A, we’re currently preparing our plans for 2023, and we’ll provide an update. But I will say, in January, we thought OpEx was going to grow of this year, 11% to 13%. Our operating model, obviously, with the macro environment and our projections coming down for the back half of 2022 and then for the full year, our operating model has a very little compensation declining OpEx and we also implemented spending controls. So what I can guide is that we’re going to have a plan that’s integrated and ties to revenue and a market view. And then if the environmental conditions change, we’ll course correct as you’ve seen us do this year.
Mehdi Hosseini: Okay. Let me come back to the question differently. You guys have been very proactive in helping us better help investors – you were the first one, nine, 12 months ago to talk about 3-nanometer pushed out and this morning, again, your recent expectation with 3-nanometer nine months ago, you were referring to significant strengthen capacity being added for MCUs analog. And now I’m looking forward and some of those front-end equipment being added and may not be fully utilized. So why not take opportunity and be more conservative. Now I understand you’re helping us by giving an overview of Q1 but why not just be more aggressive in being conservative?
Mark Jagiela: Well, I don’t think we’re being conservative or optimistic in terms of beyond Q1. We just don’t have visibility. And so we could be speculative maybe. But it’s just being a little bit prudent of what we know versus what we speculate. And I think the days of inventory in the semiconductor supply chain suggest as just digestion needed. And that should be something that’s already starting and perhaps works its way through by next summer in many of these markets. But the bottom line is we don’t know. And so we don’t want to go out too far on our speculation.
Mehdi Hosseini: I’m not asking for a speculating, but if I go back to nine months ago, [Technical Difficulty] we are thinking of, yes, considerable amount of front-end investments being added. But now we’re finally looking at the inventory situation that is problematic. 25 really high and your customers have to come back on production. So even if they have added investment for front end, those equipment are not going to be fully utilized. So wouldn’t none compute SOC be weak into midyear as your customers become more aggressive in working down inventories?
Mark Jagiela: Sure. It’s very – it’s likely that’s the case. But on the other hand, there’s offsets to that, that I mentioned. Our largest customer probably is going to be stronger. And so there’s offsets to what is, let’s say, likely to be digestion in some of those markets. But in our neck of the woods around mobility, 2022 was unprecedentedly weak because of the factors around product migration and complexity growth that worked against our neck of the woods. That’s going to work in our favor a little bit next year to offset some of what you’re referring to.
Mehdi Hosseini: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: Thank you for taking my question. First one on smartphone test. I’m curious how much of the existing capacity that’s for 5-nanometer can be repurposed for 3-nanometer tested? Is there a large reuse element that we should be aware of? And kind of related to that, I thought that one of the incremental growth areas for next year was the possibility that if your large customer would in-source their 5G modems, that would provide you incremental opportunity, but that seems to be pushed out as well. So just wanted to get your insights on the reuse aspect and the large customer retaining the 5G modem, what impact does that have on how you’re thinking about next year?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So first of all, testers reuse, yes, 100%. There’s no obsolescence in the short-term on the SoC AP test side. This has been true for 10-plus years. The testers do not often obsolete themselves. We will come to that point at some point in the next four years or five years where that will begin to happen, but not in the short-term. On the drivers of test demand at our largest customer subject for a little bit. I’m going to answer it a little bit broader than just the modem because I don’t want to speculate or get into our customers’ introduction plans on any specific device. But in general, when we look at 2022, now that we understand and it’s public that, A, the new processor for phones that was introduced in 2022 only went to the high-end phone models and that new processor being the last processor built on 5-ish nanometer was only a 6% growth in transistor count. So very modest complexity growth, really muted the demand from that our largest customer this year. Drove them below 10%, and that’s all kind of clear. Now if we look forward, the combination of what you described, the introduction of a new line of silicon when that happens will be a bump. And I’m not going to say if it’s when, but that’s obviously in the pipe. Another bump is 3-nanometer for the apps processor for 2023 phones. If, in fact, that occurs, it’s likely that it will be a pretty significant complexity bump, not 6%, but probably back in the 20% to 30% complexity growth that we’ve seen historically with a new node. That gets muted a little bit though because it’s likely it will still only go into the top end phone models. While this year’s 6% incremental complex part waterfalls down to the other models. So the other models in 2023 aren’t going to see much of a bump, but the high-end phone will. That’s what kind of gives us this view that they could go back to being greater than 10, but less than historical peaks. Then let’s look forward to 2024. We see another significant bump in complexity at the high end that phone app processor that was introduced in 2023 would likely waterfall down to the other models. And then the full product line in 2024 is likely to see a significant jump in complexity. So this is sort of how the movie plays out. And then on top of that, there’s new silicon. There’s also high-performance computing. All of that moving to 3-nanometer. But it’s just going to be partially I think in 2023 and probably more fully in 2024. I’m sorry if that’s too long an answer.
Vivek Arya: No, no, very helpful. Thanks, Mark for that. My follow-up question is, it’s interesting that you are keeping your calendar 2024 earnings model of $8, which is roughly a doubling from the 2022 level even though 2023 seems to be facing some of these macro headwinds. Mark, what’s your gut on what is kind of the bottom of the cycle for you, right? Is it Q1, Q2 next year? Like when do you start making the recovery to your 2024 plan? Or is the 2024 plan looking ambitious at this point?
Mark Jagiela: Well, we’ll update you on the 2024 plan in January. But what I just described gives you some understanding of why we think 2024 is probably a pretty strong year. In 2023, as usual, our quarters are lumpy. So our largest customer tends to tool in Q3 and Q4. So we would expect a bit of a bump there. But one thing we can’t predict very well is the macroeconomic conditions that are going to occur. The digestion of inventory in the channel and those things, we have some ability to think about a model. But if the world is going to be in a recessionary environment or – and the effect of that on both semiconductors and IA is a little bit harder for us at this juncture to suss out. What I did say though is that 12 months is kind of a normal cycle here to go through. So that would suggest come third quarter next year, we should start to see a broader recovery, if it’s like anything in the past.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you. Why do you talk about memory test from the perspective of the DRAM and NAND vendors are building a lot of inventory right now. Is that untested and is that – like as their volume picks up, do you see a recovery in test volume that maybe helps you next year? And then on the flip side of that, I think you talked a little bit about what the deceleration in WFE might mean, but do you have any kind of sense of what memory supply does next year above and beyond the DDR5. Thank you.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. I think DDR5 is the only bright spot next year. The rest is kind of very tenuous. And I would expect the first half of next year, we’re going to see other than DDR5 pretty weak demand as people are trying to balance fab capacity, inventory with end market demand. So I don’t – earlier, I said maybe memory might – there’s an argument that memory will hold up next year as a market for test because of the DDR5 transition, I think that’s possible. I think it’s more likely though we see that happen, but NAND fall off a bit stronger. And so a little bit more of a anchor on the market next year for memory than a balloon because of DDR5. And then we have the specific issue around China, where we’ve been our overall market share in memory test is somewhere around 40%. But in China, it’s been north of 50%. And this issue with one of our customers in China, which we may be prohibited from selling to is kind of going to be for Teradyne probably a net negative for memory test revenue in 2023.
Joe Moore: Okay. But on those large inventory builds on the producer balance sheets, is that Die Bank that has yet to be tested? Or is there already some test that you think has occurred on that inventory?
Mark Jagiela: There is some test that’s occurred, but a lot of it is in that sort of Die Bank area, keeping the fabs running as kind of something that makes economic sense. But finishing the product doesn’t make sense until the demand materializes.
Joe Moore: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of [indiscernible] Goldman Sachs.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Can you hear me okay?
Andy Blanchard: Yes, we can.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great. So I had one clarification and one question. In terms of my clarification, just on the China export control. You talked about the headwind in 2023 being $75 million to $100 million. Just curious how significant China memory test was in Q3? And I assume that number should be zero in Q4. Am I thinking about that correctly? And can you speak to the profitability of some of these China memory customers?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. Well, it’s not zero in Q4 or next year. So that’s maybe one comment. The profitability is not distinctively different than any – than our global margin. So there’s no difference there. But there’s a portion of the market in China will continue to serve. China overall, I think Sanjay mentioned is roughly 16% – 15%, 16% of the company’s revenue. Half of that is multinationals that really are not subject to any restrictions around this set of regulations. So about 8% of our annual sales, let’s say, are two indigenous Chinese companies. And then roughly half of that might be memory. And then a fraction of that is this headwind of this one customer.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Mark, just a quick follow-up. So I meant local China memory. That should be near zero or zero going forward, correct? The multinationals you’ll serve.
Mark Jagiela: Well, serve the multinationals, but there’s a portion of the indigenous China memory market that we still can serve under the current regulation regime.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Okay. Got it. And then my question is on the IA side, maybe one for Greg. I realize it’s hard to predict what 2023 could look like, but hoping to get your preliminary views there. You talked about labor scarcity outside of Europe being a 5 percentage point headwind. You talked a little bit about some of the idiosyncratic stuff that you’re working on in terms of the new product, the higher payload, longer-reach product, you talked about the OEM channel. Could those be sort of impactful enough for your growth to accelerate in 2023? Or is it a little premature to talk about those things? Thank you.
Greg Smith: So it is a little premature. We haven’t fully worked out our complete plans, but I think you have hit some of the major factors that are going to go into that equation. So one thing is that the reason that we are talking about our results in constant currency is that we do expect a more stable FX environment in 2023. And that alone would add significantly to the growth that we saw in 2022 because that was like a 10-point headwind to where we are. Beyond that, we do expect significant impact from new products, both from UR and from MiR in 2023. And we also are going to continue to grow our complementary channels like OEM at similar rates to what we saw in 2022, but off of a larger base. So overall, they’re going to have a greater impact on growth in 2023 than they had in 2022. So in other words, we are expecting these new things to help out with growth, we believe that our distribution partners are going to work on labor scarcity, but we are not counting on them to completely solve it in 2023.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Atif Malik with Citi.
Atif Malik: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. Mark, your comments on next year’s end markets, they all make sense, memory stable on DDR5, industrial coming down, mobile improving on the large customer. The only one that I struggled is on the auto side, auto TAM around $700 million this year from historically $350 million. Now $100 million of that, like you said, is coming from new opportunities in ADAS, silicon carbide power management. What about the opportunities outside those areas like won’t that see a correction next year if there’s a recession?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. I think that’s likely. You’re right. I think some of the things that have contributed to getting the auto market up to the $700 million TAM level are a lot of these new technologies. But underneath that, there’s a kind of core piece of legacy technologies that I would expect would soften as we get out of this sort of frenzy of trying to replenish the supply chain on those parts. So what I was saying is we don’t see that coming in Q1. It’s kind of not something we baked into Q1. But for 2023, that underlying, let’s say, legacy piece of automotive technology is likely to come down.
Atif Malik: Got it. And then, Sanjay, can you talk about what are the other geographies you’re looking at in improving your supply chain resiliency moving out of China?
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. From a manufacturing standpoint, you should think about it from both manufacturing and supply chain, but think about other countries in Southeast Asia, Malaysia, Thailand, and then from an engineering services resiliency, think about Southeast Asia, but also think about other parts of the globe like in Europe.
Atif Malik: Thank you.
Andy Blanchard: And operator, we have time for just one more question, please.
Operator: Certainly. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Barger with KeyBanc. Pardon me, Steve, please check your mute button. Pardon me, Steve, please check your mute button. Okay. I will now turn the call back over to Vice President of Investor Relations, Andy Blanchard for any closing remarks.
Andy Blanchard: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today, and apologies for the technical pause along the way there. We look forward to talking to you in the days and weeks ahead. And certainly, if you have follow-up questions, reach out to me directly. Thanks so much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: [Abrupt Start] 2022 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to Andy Blanchard. Please go ahead.
Andy Blanchard: Thank you, Latif. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne’s most recent financial results. I’m joined this morning by our CEO, Mark Jagiela; President, Greg Smith; and our CFO, Sanjay Mehta. Following our opening remarks, we’ll provide details of our performance for 2022’s second quarter, along with our outlook for the third quarter of 2022. Press release containing our second quarter results was issued last evening. We’re providing slides on the Investor page of the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion. Replays of this call will be available via the same page after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne’s results to differ materially from management’s current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release, as well as our most recent SEC filings. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today’s call, we’ll make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We’ve posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure were available on the Investor page of the website. Looking ahead, between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne expects to participate in technology or industrial-focused investor conferences hosted by KeyBanc, Davidson, Jefferies, Deutsche Bank, Citi, Evercore, Piper Sandler and Goldman Sachs. Now let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, Mark and Greg will comment on our recent results and the market conditions as we enter the new quarter. Sanjay will then offer more details on our quarterly results along with our guidance for the third quarter. We'll then answer your questions, and this call is scheduled for one hour. Mark?
Mark Jagiela: Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Greg will summarize our Q2 results, and I'll comment on the full year outlook and technology drivers we expect in 2023. Sanjay will then take you through the financial details, including our outlook for the third quarter. Greg?
Greg Smith: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Teradyne's second quarter sales and profits were above the midpoint of our guidance in revenue and profit with sales of $841 million and $1.21 in non-GAAP earnings per share. From a market perspective, we're seeing mixed signals. While the pressure to improve lead times in some test markets is as strong as ever, and we continue to work through supply issues, we have seen some softening in mobility demand, our largest test market. Also, it now looks like IA growth in the second half will be similar to first half growth. In today's call, we'll try to provide some context on how we're navigating this complex environment. Diving into the details of the second quarter, semiconductor test revenues were in line with our plan as were profits. The automotive and industrial end markets served by our Eagle platform were notably strong in the quarter. In memory, flash final test and DRAM wafer sort was the strongest markets. From a strategic perspective, Semi Test had a strong quarter of competitive design wins for both R&D applications and for devices that we expect to ramp in volume production over the next year or so. The design wins were in a wide range of end markets. There were Ultra Flex family design wins in mobility, where the systems architecture supports higher throughput for large complex devices especially when time to market is an important factor. Eagle Test had a significant design win in a battery management application where the system's highly accurate voltage measurement capability enables customers to get to market faster with better device specifications, delivering higher value. In Systems test, sales were on plan in the quarter with solid year-on-year growth for storage test and production board test. At LitePoint, strong wireless test demand for Wi-Fi 6C, Wi-Fi 7 R&D and ultra wideband test products drove double-digit year-on-year growth. Notably, we're seeing strong interest in Wi-Fi 7 development test where we are qualified at all major chipset vendors and to date, we have won 20 of 21 design-in opportunities with end product design teams. This sets us up to expand our already high share of Wi-Fi production test as these products ramp. In Industrial Automation, revenues grew 10% from last year's Q2 and 19% for the first half. This lower than planned growth in the first half is attributed to two primary factors and warrants a few comments. The first factor was foreign exchange. The majority of IA revenue is linked to the euro. For example, within Europe, at UR, we saw a robust 34% unit growth in the first half of 2022 but the decline of the euro with respect to the dollar has muted UR revenue growth in that region to 20%. The dollars appreciation was a revenue headwind in the first half and Sanjay will comment further on the full year foreign exchange outlook. The second factor is lower regional demand that can be traced to a variety of region-specific causes, including COVID lockdowns in China and distribution partner staff shortages in North America where end demand remains quite strong. Staff shortages for integration partners is an ongoing challenge. In the past, we've noted that our distribution partners struggle to grow staff at the same rate as IA demand growth. Our strategy to overcome this is to use software technology and plug-and-play applications from UR+ and MiRGo partners to shorten the deployment time to make these critical staff more productive. But an equally important part of the strategy is to build a robust OEM channel. For example, at Universal Robots, our OEM channel, which includes verticals like welding, power grid maintenance and order fulfillment is doing very well, growing 39% in the first half of 2022. The OEM channel is an important complement to our distributor-based channel because these OEM partners deliver a mostly complete solution to their customers that can be put in operation almost immediately. In many cases, these OEMs have an existing distribution network that can reach customers beyond our traditional channel. These partners can scale much more efficiently than distributors that add staff in proportion to revenue growth for customer support. We are actively adding new OEM partners to serve these and new market verticals. Now I'll hand it back to Mark more on the market, the second half outlook and the demand drivers for next year.
Mark Jagiela: Thanks, Greg. While the long-term drivers in our test and automation markets remain firmly in place, the recent deceleration we're experiencing in test will impact our full year results. Over the past few weeks, we've seen a marked slowdown in SOC and wireless tester demand in the second half related to declines in end market shipments of smartphones, compute products and associated infrastructure. These demand adjustments are -- these demand adjustments are happening in real time, and we are projecting this will continue over the next several weeks as the market continues to align their production plans and inventory levels to this new reality. This extends across multiple customers and device types, including apps processors, power management and RF. I will note that auto MCU, industrial and memory test demand remains strong entering Q3 and we've seen no deceleration of demand in these markets. When forecasting the second half of 2022, we are expecting the test realignments we've seen in the past few weeks are not a blip and that further adjustments are coming. Beyond the reductions we've already seen, several customers have indicated they are in a capital review phase, which we are assuming will lead to some additional impact to Q4 demand. At a macro level, we also assume that China's smartphone volumes will not accelerate through the remainder of the year. We also believe that short-term global economic conditions will remain weak, resulting in softening consumer demand and associated electronics inventory digestion. In IA, we forecast that our second half business will continue to grow at about a 20% year-over-year level, consistent with our achievements in the first half, but below our 35% goal. As Greg highlighted, we believe that China demand will remain muted. Distributor labor shortages in North America will limit the rate of installation expansion in the short-term and FX headwinds will not abate. Summing it all up, we now expect our second half revenue to be slightly lower than the first half, resulting in a roughly 52%, 48% first half, second half split. Our latest forecast projects that 2022 SOC test market will be in the range of $4.2 billion to $4.6 billion, down from our April estimate of about $5 billion, while in memory, we expect the market will remain at about $1 billion. To reiterate, much of our forecasted slowdown assumes continued yet to be identified demand decline in the fourth quarter. Looking further ahead, after six consecutive years of robust SOC test market growth, we have entered a period of demand slowdown in digestion. This is not uncommon as we've seen this most recently in 2013 and 2015. And over the years, we've built our operating model to anticipate this kind of demand swings. Predicting the depth and duration of these corrections is challenging, but in each of the last three corrections, growth returned after six to 12 months with the subsequent year showing strong growth. The ramp of 3-nanometer starting in 2023, followed by gate all around and increasing multi-chip packaging remains unaltered drivers of growth ahead. Interface transitions in both Flash and DRAM are also imminent. Hyperscalers continue to expand their chip design starts and AJI [ph] as a new class of silicon application gaining momentum. In Industrial Automation, the value proposition has only strengthened as the short ROI remains compelling, while increased resiliency in a world of questionable labor supply as another motivation to automate. So while the first half of 2022 unfolded roughly as outlined in January, the second half is looking considerably softer as we than we expected just three months ago. However, we are confident of our long-term growth strategy and are focused on execution of our design-ins and R&D programs so that we are positioned to capitalize on growth of these markets that we serve. Sanjay will now take you through the financial details. Sanjay?
Sanjay Mehta: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Today, I'll provide details on our Q2 results, offer additional color on how we're addressing the slowdown in some markets and supply shortages and others and describe our Q3 outlook. Now to Q2. Second quarter sales were $841 million with non-GAAP EPS of $1.21, non-GAAP gross margins were 60.2% and our non-GAAP operating expenses were $251 million, $14 million below mid guidance. The main driver -- sorry -- the main driver of the lower than planned OpEx was an Industrial Automation Group or IAG due to lower variable compensation tied to lower revenue projections and slower than planned hiring. Non-GAAP operating profit rate was 30.3% we had two 10% customers in the quarter. The tax rate, excluding discrete items for the quarter was 16.9% on a non-GAAP basis. Please note, you should now use 16.5% for the full year non-GAAP tax rate. Looking at the results from a business unit perspective. Semi Test revenue was $541 million. SOC revenue was $461 million, driven by strength in automotive and industrial markets. Memory revenue was $81 million, led by flash final test and DRAM wafer sort. System Test group had revenue of $135 million, which was up 29% year-over-year. Storage Test sales, including both HDD and system-level test solutions were $86 million in the quarter, up 49% from Q2 2021. Defense and aerospace and production board test combined grew 4% year-on-year. At LitePoint, revenue of $64 million was up 16% from prior year due primarily to strong shipments in Wi-Fi 6C and Wi-Fi 7 and UWB test systems. Now to Industrial Automation. Industrial Automation revenue of $101 million in Q2 was up 10% year-over-year. This was lower than expected, as Greg noted. Despite the lower growth, we still expect IA revenue to follow the historical pattern and grow as we move through the year. UR sales were $83 million in Q2, up 8% year-over-year with the highest growth in Northern Europe. MiR sales were $17 million, up 9% from Q2 2021 in the quarter. From a financial perspective, in IA the group was slightly under breakeven on a non-GAAP operating basis in the second quarter. And for the full year, we expect to be towards the low end of the 5% to 15% profit range we discussed in past calls. We view the roughly 20% growth rate in IA as a short-term situation, as Greg noted. Like the company model, the IAG Group operating model naturally flex spending down based on profitability, and we're tightening discretionary spending where appropriate. But our long-term IA growth strategy and related investment plans remain unchanged. Shifting to supply. Our Q2 guidance excluded approximately $50 million of revenue tied to our inability to supply customer demand. In Q3, we're excluding a similar $50 million of revenue from our guidance range, primarily in our test businesses. The shortage of semiconductors ranging from FPGAs to industrial analog continues to impact our production. As I've noted in prior calls, we're taking numerous actions to harden our supply chain but even with these actions, we expect supply line constraints to remain challenging. I will note these actions and other factors improved our supply situation in Q2, mainly in test, which enabled higher shipments. Shifting to the balance sheet and cash flow. Our cash and marketable securities at the end of the quarter totaled approximately $900 million, down from $1.2 billion at the end of Q1. We had $70 million in free cash flow in the quarter, reflecting the timing of shipments and supplier prepayments. Over 80% of our shipments occurred in May and June saw our DSO expanded to 74 days, which we expect will decline in the second half of the year. Other uses of cash in the quarter included share buybacks of $331 million, dividend payments of $18 million and debt retirement of $22 million. At the end of Q2, we're more than two-thirds of the way through our $750 million share repurchase plan for 2022 with $217 million remaining. In October -- sorry, in our October call, we'll note any updates to our share buyback plan. Regarding debt. To date, $386 million of convertible bonds have early converted. I'd also like to note several points regarding the strong US dollar and its impact on our results. In our Test portfolio, the majority of revenue and expense are in dollars, so there's not a material foreign exchange impact. In IA businesses, on the other hand, have a large amount of euro-linked expenses and about 50% of their revenue is tied to the euro. The result as the strong dollar reduces IA's revenue and gross margin in dollars. In the first half, the FX impact reduced our IA growth rate approximately four points. Assuming exchange rates remain consistent with July's exchange rate, we expect six points of growth headwind for the full year compared to our January projection. For IA, the strengthening dollar has a marginal benefit on the OpEx side. IA revenue and margin degradation is offset by the OpEx gain, yielding a neutral effect on our operating profit for that segment. Now to our outlook for Q3. A combination of slowing demand and test, extending lead times due to material shortages and reduced automation demand in Europe and China results in a lower Q3 outlook than we expected three months ago. As noted, the guidance excludes approximately $50 million of shipments due to material shortages primarily in test. Also, the guidance assumes we won't see any extended shutdowns of production facilities due to COVID, and we won't see any new trade restrictions. With that said, sales in Q3 are expected to be between $760 million and $840 million, with non-GAAP EPS in a range of $0.90 to $1.16 on 166 million diluted shares. The third quarter guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles. Third quarter gross margins are estimated at 58% to 59%, down from Q2 due to product mix, 2022 investment supply chain resiliency and wage inflation. Some of these effects are transitory, and we expect our mid-term earnings model gross margin range of 59% to 60% to remain intact. OpEx is expected to run at 31% to 34% of third quarter sales. The non-GAAP operating profit rate at the midpoint of our third quarter guidance is 26%. As Mark noted, we expect second half revenue to be below the first half, approximately 48% of full year sales. Given the reduced revenue outlook for the second half of the year, our operating expenses are now planned to grow just 4% to 6% annually versus 11% to 13% planned in our prior guidance. The OpEx reduction from prior guide is driven by two factors. First, our variable compensation model is approximately half of the decline tied to reduced revenue. Second, we have delayed some expenditures in both test and IA, which we believe will not impact our long-run competitiveness. Spending savings are roughly evenly split between engineering and go-to-market. Summing it all up, we're expecting revenue and profit in Q3 and the second half of the year to be lower than we projected three months ago, but our operating model is resilient to varying revenue levels. With the reduced revenue level, our model reduces variable compensation expense, and we're taking other steps as appropriate. A downturn is always challenging, but we're confident we have the operating model, strategy and experience to lead us through whatever lies ahead, while keeping our focus on the needs of our customers and the long-term opportunities in the test and industrial automation markets. With that, I'll turn things over to Andy.
Andy Blanchard: Thanks, Sanjay. Latif, we’d now like to take some questions. And as a reminder, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Vivek Arya of Bank of America. Vivek Arya, please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to clarify that you're guiding Q4 roughly around $670 million, $675 million, which seems to be kind of pre-COVID levels. And I think if I take your IA guidance into account, it suggest that non-IA Q4 sales will be $430 million, which would be, I think, almost 20% below pre-COVID levels. Did I get that right? And I realize that there are headwinds, but why is such a sharp decline in your Q4 outlook?
Mark Jagiela: Yeah. Roughly speaking, those are about right. And I think, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, maybe we probably reduced our second half revenue targets somewhere between $300 million to $350 million. About one-third of that is known customer weakening where the demand has been communicated to us to have soften. Two-thirds of it is just a projection of more to come of that vein based on conversations that are just beginning with customers. So there's not a clear -- and all of this is mostly related to test. So there's not sort of a clear identified two-thirds of that decline portion, but it's just the experience we've seen in prior cycles and the test industry suggest that there's more to come. If you go back to 2013, for example, when the market went through a significant 30% year-over-year correction, this was the beginning of that kind of trend. Now here, we're talking about a market correcting about 9% off of the peak of last year. So a much more modest correction -- but that's -- this is kind of how the market turns and we're using history to guide us in how we're projecting these yet to be identified digestion phases.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And then, Mark, I'm curious, what is your exposure to Android smartphones this year versus last year? And how much of a headwind -- is that continuous? And do you think that will alleviate next year, or can that still be an offset to any 3-nanometer testing benefits on the iOS side? So just the interplay between Android and iOS this year and what you're thinking about from a next year perspective? Thank you.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah. I think our exposure to Android smartphones is a little bit higher this year than it's been in past years. We've picked up a little bit of market share in that segment. Obviously, that segment is down significantly this year in unit volume. So that's having the -- that's principally the reason for the declines we're forecasting here in the second half. Now when we look at 2023, it's hard to tell what's going to happen with the Android phones, part of what's happened in 2022 in terms of the declines related to China -- and part of this is predicting how China will rebound in 2023 as consumer demand hopefully recovers. But we don't have a strong forecast for the Android sub-segment of smartphones yet for 2023. So I can't really give you a lot of color on that.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari of Goldman Sachs. Toshiya Hari, your line is open.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, good morning. Thanks so much for taking the question. I had two as well, one on Semi Test and the other on IA. On the Semi Test side, Mark, I was hoping you could speak to your expectations in terms of market share for the year. Given the incremental weakness you're seeing at the market level and given that you had derisked your opportunity for this year with your largest customer. I feel like your market share position as of today is perhaps a little bit better than what you were thinking three months ago. I just wanted to clarify that on the Semi Test side?
Mark Jagiela: Yeah. I think -- so there's two pieces of Semi Test Memory and SOC Memory, it's going to be 40-ish percent market share, consistent with last year. On SOC, it really depends on what happens on the compute side in terms of how much decline happens in the market on compute, which is more of our competitors, strong soup. So we've baked in a significant decline in mobility. We believe a decline in compute is imminent -- but that's something that I think over the next few weeks, as we hear from our competitor, we'll know more about. All that being said, I think our statistical share is in the upper -- mid- to upper 30% range in SOC Test this year. But that's based on, again, strong compute market, weak mobility market versus customer switching suppliers and that moves around quite a bit year-to-year.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. That's helpful. And then as my follow-up on the IA side, I guess a two-part question. The first part is I just wanted to clarify that fundamentals in the business remain pretty strong. And I asked the question because the reasons you noted for, I guess, the reduced outlook for the second half seemed technical transitory. You talked about FX. You talked about COVID lockdowns in China and staff shortages in the US. So fundamentally, is the business still healthy and intact? I guess that's number one. And then number two, on the OEM channel dynamic, just curious, how big is that channel today as a percentage of IA? And where do you see that going in a couple of years? And how does that impact profitability as OEM grows vis-à-vis your district [ph] business? Thank you.
Greg Smith: Hi, this is Greg. Let me try and take that. So we believe that the fundamentals are still very strong in the IA market. The effects of China lockdowns and staff shortages should both eased to some extent through the rest of the year. We believe that the FX headwind is going to be consistent through the rest of this year. We don't see a significant appreciation of the euro. So that translation into dollars is going to continue to take a couple of points off the top in terms of our growth for revenue that's denominated in euros. To your second question, our OEM channel right now, it represents about 16% of overall UR revenue lower for the entirety of the Industrial Automation Group. And it's growing -- for the first half, it grew at 39% and we expect to be able to maintain that kind of a growth rate.
Toshiya Hari: And impact on profitability?
Greg Smith: So our pricing in the OEM channel is a little bit favorable to pricing through our normal distribution channel. So we don't expect to see any negative impact to profitability as that channel grows.
Toshiya Hari: Great. Thanks for the details.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Samik Chatterjee of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Samik Chatterjee: Thanks for taking my questions. I have a couple as well. I think within Semi Test, you mentioned you're continuing to see robust demand in autos and industrial within Semi Test. So I was just wondering, given the trends you're seeing in industrial automation, are you baking in any incremental weakness as you go through the remainder of the year in autos and industrial as well within Semi Test? And then I have a follow-up.
Mark Jagiela: No, not really. Most of the weakness we're baking in, again, in the fourth quarter that we've yet to really get confirmation on is in more in mobility and compute and infrastructure. But we think industrial and auto will remain strong through the end of the year.
Samik Chatterjee: And just a follow-up on the cost structure here. I see -- I mean, you've obviously pair back some of your expenses that were planned for this year. But in relation to SG&A, you're running pretty much at the same rate that you were last year when revenues were much higher as you start to think about the strategic CapEx if you buy some of your customers and maybe some delays to the secular long-term drivers that you have. What's the flexibility in terms of taking the cost structure lower or rightsizing it for maybe some of the pushouts in terms of revenue that you're seeing greater -- could you just postponing spend as you're doing announcing today? Thank you.
Sanjay Mehta: It's Sanjay. So just a couple of comments on our business model as it relates to cost structure. So as you know, the majority of our test portfolio has contract manufacturing. So it really provides great scalability up and down with our outsourced partners fixed assets. So that helps on the margin line. But then from an operating expense perspective, we have a key portion of our wages in a flexible or variable compensation plan that is that as revenue and profit goes up, that is passed along part of it to the employees. But as it goes down, which is one of -- it's about half of the driver of the growth reduction from a midpoint of 12% expected this year to a midpoint of 5%, as I noted in my prepared remarks, about half of that growth reduction is driven by the variable compensation. So we believe as time moves on and let's say, the market goes lower, we'll have the ability to reduce our operating expenses on a variable basis while keeping our workforce intact and investing for the long-term. And, obviously, as the market rebounds or increases, our revenue goes up, then that will increase our operating expenses on a variable basis.
Samik Chatterjee: Thank you. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse of Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
C.J. Muse: Yeah, good morning. Thank you for taking the question. I guess first question on gross margins. If I look at what you've kind of discussed in terms of mix, that's actually a positive on the SOC side, yet you're guiding gross margins, I think the worst is mid-2020 at a revenue run rate, I think that exceeded back then. So curious what is driving the gross margin hit here? Is it a much worse mix in SOC than what perhaps I'm contemplating, or is it kind of the FX other issues around IA?
Sanjay Mehta: Sure, C.J. So yeah, so I think when you think of the product mix, there is some mix degradation within Semi Test, but also as there's less wireless test, which is higher than the corporate average and less than expected IA, which is higher than the corporate average. So you are seeing mix. But a couple of other drivers that I noted in my prepared remarks. And that is we've spent a lot of effort and money on making our supply chain resilient through component qualification through multi-country manufacturing, et cetera. A lot of those costs are going to be incurred in 2022 and the second half of 2022. So we have those that significantly curtail, there will be some in 2023, but that will curtail the majority of them in 2022. So think of those as transitory. And then we're also seeing a little bit of wage inflation for both ourselves and our partners.
C.J. Muse: Very helpful. I guess as my follow-up, in terms of the slowdown that you're seeing in test, are you seeing pushouts or actual cancellations? And then as you think about 2023, obviously, a lot of changes afoot in terms of heterogeneous compute, larger dye sizes, smaller dye sizes with chiplets advanced packaging. I'm curious how you're thinking about that net effect into 2023 and how you -- whether we could see growth or further declines and what your market share might look like? Thanks so much.
Mark Jagiela: Thank you. Yeah. So on the heterogeneous computing and the effects in 2023, I think that's all positive for us. 3-nanometer is coming as planned. We don't see any changes or delays in anything associated with that. The trends toward chiplets, multichip packages and the associated test intensity increase around known good dye, more pins to test in a chiplet design than there would be in a monolithic design. All are tailwinds for test. Now those have been occurring in the market and we'll continue to phase in over the next several years as that method of, let's say, package assembly gains more and more prevalence. So that is another one of the tailwinds that gives us confidence in the midterm earning model that we produced earlier in the year. So no change to our beliefs around 2023 at this point. And in terms of pushouts versus cancellations versus anything else, we're not seeing any cancellations. But what we have seen is that there's been a few pushouts, but more significantly, we do hold some capacity in place for some of our key customers on a basically 12 to 16-week delivery window basis that were unbooked and it's the demand for those unordered testers principally that disappeared.
C.J. Muse: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Graham [ph] of Loop Capital. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question, and welcome aboard, Greg. I have two maybe more 40,000-foot theoreticals, if you don't mind. The first is when we started the year, largest customer decides to curtail tester purchases, because I think as we've determined to be correct, that their complexity in this year's launch, it was just not enough to warrant a new tester that the idea was that next year, their 2023 launch would have much more complexity aided by 3-nanometer. Has -- with the smartphone market weaker today, has anything changed that framework in your mind, or more -- perhaps even more importantly, if I may, what your largest customer is saying to you, Mark?
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, no changes on that front. Our largest customer has fared pretty well this year despite overall unit declines in smartphones. And so it's a bright spot, if anything else that that segment of the smartphone market is robust. And we expect -- and every -- there's nothing we've heard that would change our view of 2023.
Unidentified Analyst: Very good. And then as far as this whole six to 12-month slowdown that you've seen in the past, which is obviously documented in the numbers, Mark, in your eyes, does that actually start in 3Q because the first half was more a Teradyne specific thing with that large customer? Does that essentially six to 12-month timetable start now?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. I would suggest it starts in third quarter because you're right, the first half market declines were pretty isolated to one customer having that big of an impact on the overall view of the market. What we're into now is something more classical, I think. It's certainly -- and part of this, again, I'll caution is a projection on our part. We've seen it now in the smartphone side but we believe and sense that it's coming in a broader set of markets like compute and infrastructure. And there's inventory overhangs as well out there that typically in phases like this go through a digestion phase and working down inventory levels take that sort of six to 12-month period. And we think that as we head into lower economic growth periods and a little bit more inventory in the channel than historically has been there -- that people are going to tighten down a bit and it's going to slow demand for repeat orders for devices in those categories. So yes, starts in Q3, six to 12-months, I think, is a safe bet, and we'll see how it plays out.
Unidentified Analyst: Mark, if I could just sneak this one in. By extension to that -- thank you for that by the way. By extension to that, does the 2024 framework now is at the lower end of that maybe more likely, or is the lower end in jeopardy? I'm just wondering because you didn't put that framework into the deck?
Mark Jagiela: No, I think -- look, I think if you look at the history of the market, that 2024 framework, our earnings model and projection is intact and in play, and I wouldn't characterize it as low end either. When you look at how much the markets move up and down year-to-year historically, we could easily see a snapback of 20%, 30% growth in a subsequent year. So I wouldn't call 2024 in any way based on what we're seeing right now.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. Very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Chin of Stifel. Your line is open.
Brian Chin: Good morning and thanks for letting us ask a few questions. Maybe just backtrack to the $600 million reduction in the SOC TAM. Can you maybe just delineate again whether it's mobility versus compute within that reduction? And also just sort of zooming in on the compute TAM, are you seeing or anticipating any weakness outside of processors for client PCs, hyperscale or server high-performance compute chips as well?
Sanjay Mehta: I'll take the TAM side of it. So where we're seeing in our estimates really tied to our $4.4 million -- sorry, $4.4 billion midpoint, we're seeing about $300 million, our estimate is a $300 million decline in compute, $400 million decline in mobility and an increase in auto of about $100 million. So that's really, Brian, where we're seeing it.
Mark Jagiela: And then on the question of where in the compute market are we anticipating or getting some early signals of weakness. Certainly, right now, the immediate corrections are occurring related to consumer laptops, a little bit of enterprise PC area. We're not seeing at the moment the correction in cloud infrastructure or service. However, there are I would say, discussions going on in those areas that suggest that that's probably coming. And so part of what we've assumed in our both market projections and Q4 revenue projections are some declines starting in Q4 in those segments, modest relative to mobility, however.
Brian Chin: Okay. That's interesting. Maybe just switching gears then back to automation. We've also heard that supply issues, not even your MiR, but for other complementary products like 3D cameras or conveyance had also been delaying automation projects. I'm curious if that's something you're also seeing? And then kind of second part of that is, and it's not totally fair to ask, but -- how are you thinking about IA growth rates for next year given the existing and anticipated headwinds, including demand, not only supply?
Greg Smith: So -- hi, this is Greg. The -- in terms of supply issues, we are definitely hearing from our partners that they are having trouble procuring some elements of the solutions that they're building. And I think that's part of the headwind that we're seeing in North America that there's staff constraints, and there's also a large number of partially complete projects that they need to get off of their books. So we expect as those supply constraints start to ease, that will come off as a constraint. And we think that, that will probably happen towards the latter part of this year. In terms of growth projections for 2023, it's very early, but we don't see any reason to really deviate from the 30% to 45% range that we've been talking about in terms of IA growth long-term, because the end market fundamentals are very, very strong. We have very low market penetration and labor scarcity is still a big factor in all of the markets where we play.
Brian Chin: Okay. Thanks Greg. I appreciate the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sidney Ho of Deutsche Bank.
Sidney Ho: Great. Thanks. I want to double-click on the mobility market. I think most of us understand the order pattern of the largest customer. But excluding that customer is your revenue growth more closely tied to smartphone sales, meaning they are more reflective of current demand? The reason I ask is that if we start hearing smartphone inventory getting closer to normal levels, say, by the end of this year, does that mean you will start seeing more tested revenue growth in Q1, or do we have to wait a little longer because your customers may not meet extra tested capacity until later?
Mark Jagiela: Yeah. So good question. I would roughly say that in the smartphone world, tester capacity precedes unit production by about three months. So what we're seeing in the decline in our third quarter for tester capacity demand reflects a unit production reduction of smartphones in the fourth quarter primarily. So if we're thinking about next year, then we would -- we should start to see tester demand pick back up three months prior to major phone launches or a return to growth in the China market, for example, that's sort of the model.
Sidney Ho: Okay. That's helpful. My follow-up question is on the memory test. You called out the strength in memory test in second quarter, and you still expect the TAM to be about $1 billion this year. But many memory suppliers are likely going to cut CapEx quite a bit and slow down production. When do you think you will feel these adjustments in your revenue, or is increased complexity and market share gains enough to offset these headwinds? Thanks.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah. I think in memory, it's a little different -- and we don't expect to see much of a correction because there's some tester obsolescence occurring in the new DDR5 and LPDDR5 interfaces that are growing in share in the DRAM world, require brand-new testers. And all the fab capacity that's been put in place in 2022 to produce that class of device that should start growing in the server world and in the phone world in 2023 will need to be facilitated with testers in the second half of this year going into next year. So I think there's a bit of a lag between the CapEx investment on the front end and the tester investment on the back end. And we think at least through the early part of 2023, despite what we're hearing in memory from the suppliers in terms of bit growth and everything else that these obsolescence -- technological obsolescence events will have to be solved with additional tester capacity because of the old tester just can't be reused.
Sidney Ho: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joseph Moore of Morgan Stanley.
Joseph Moore: Great. Thank you. In the past, you guys have talked about the relationship between the wafer fab equipment market, particularly the logic portion and your SOC test business, obviously, you're kind of diverging now. And I'm not asking you to make a call on WFE, which I think most of us do expect will probably contract. But -- can you just talk a little bit about that relationship and discontraction that you're seeing seems a little bit at odds with how much logic capacity is coming online and which -- how much stuff would presumably need to be tested? Just give us some context on that relationship.
Mark Jagiela: You're right, it is at odds. It doesn't correlate well. It suggest that there would be some underutilized -- either underutilized fab capacity for a period of time or there will be wafer die banking going on. In other words, the fabs will keep running, but the devices themselves may sit untested, undiced, unpackaged for some period of time. So I think that is likely to be the case for a little bit of a period of time coming in the next six to 9 months. But usually, historically, that washes itself out at the back end of the six to 12-month correction. But that's kind of what I would expect.
Joseph Moore: Okay. Thank you. And then for my follow-up, on the last question you kind of referenced technology transitions in memory. If you talked about DDR5, I didn't hear it, but can you talk a little bit about is DDR5 timing getting pushed back? Is that a factor in DRAM being a little lower this year, and what does that tell you about kind of your Memory business prospects for next year?
Mark Jagiela: Yes, it absolutely does. This year, we expected -- if you go back to the fourth quarter of last year, the DDR5 would be a bigger part of the market in our business in 2022. With the delay of Sapphire Rapids and such into 2023, a lot of that tooling pushed out. However, the market kind of held up because what filled in behind that was pretty robust investment for some new suppliers in China. All year long, they've been very aggressively ramping capacity. And so it turns out, despite the delay in DDR5, 2022 is a pretty good year for Memory. So when we look into 2023, there could be a little bit more of an incremental delay. I think everybody is hearing about maybe Sapphire Rapids is going to get split out another few months or so. But it's coming. We're getting close to escape velocity, I think. So -- and we're seeing the orders, we're seeing the orders for capacity for that coming in now. So that's what gives us some pretty -- a little bit more confidence on the Memory side than we're seeing on the SOC side.
Joseph Moore: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar of Cowen. Your line is open.
Krish Sankar: Question -- I had two of them. First on Mark or Greg, to the extent you can answer it, a question on next year. Do you worry that if and when mobile demand starts getting better next year and the auto industrial segment could rollover, and wouldn't that be more detrimental to your margins, how do you think about that transition? If you can answer it, and then I have a follow-up.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, I don't think the margin between auto and mobile is that significant for us, frankly. I wouldn't say that there's a mix shift going on there that it's going to be a headwind or a tailwind. They're pretty blended close to each other. As to when we would expect mobile to return, that's -- we know at least from the pattern from our largest customer that that's a Q2, 3Q phenomena. And we see no change to that timing just based on their product introduction cycles. So for Teradyne's point of view, we would expect the big changes to occur in those two periods. There should be a little bit of pickup in Q1, a modest pickup, I would say, related to some other manufacturers, phone introductions, but 2Q, 3Q is the big quarter.
Krish Sankar: Got it, got it. That's very helpful. And then a follow-up, you touched upon a little bit of a decoupling between front-end WFE and test investments. I just wanted to like go into one subset of that, which is China. It seems like some of the Chinese OSATs have slowed down spending, but the front-end spending is still continuing. I'm just kind of curious of your view on how China evolves for test spending and for Teledyne?
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, China is -- and it's not just China, but I would say that the fab investments generally speaking are continuing unabated. Going back to that utilization question, you could make the argument that the 3-nanometer investments that have been made going back now over a year are hugely underutilized because no revenue is yet to be produced off of that. So the tooling -- the advanced time to tool and tune the recipe for 3-nanometer has become an unprecedentedly long cycle. And so all of that fab capacity is, “underutilized” until next year revenue starts flowing' specifically back to China. There's a disconnect between test, lead times and thinking and fab times. Fabs tend to get put in a whole slug of capacity with all of the front-end equipment installed quarters before production starts. Test tends to be added as a spot market ad. So once the fab starts running, the initial capacity gets facilitated in test in a quarter, devices ramp up an output of the fab ramps up in subsequent quarters and incrementally test ramps up as well. So test is a much smoother deployment than a fab. And then the last thing, of course, going on in China, I think, is just the national priority around independence and access to technology has focused mainly on fab technology and therefore, it's the most, I would say, viewed as threatening and enabling at the same time. And therefore, there's been a more, I'd say, resilient maybe counter economical push to invest in fab capacity there. Our business in China is very strong. We have one major headwind, which is the largest single consumer of test equipment in China, Huawei is somebody we cannot serve. But outside of that, we have a very strong business and a very decent growth that we're seeing there.
Krish Sankar: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Mehdi Hosseini of SIG. Your line is open.
Mehdi Hosseini: Thanks for taking my question. I want to go back to SOC test. Mark, when I look at the trends since 2015, the SOC test grew on a year-over-year basis. And perhaps there are two factors there. The parallel test went away towards the end of the last decade and also the 5G that helped -- have started to be incremental in late 2019. And now we're here, you're guiding to $4.4 billion, which is still above the 2020 level. So with that as a context, what gives you the confidence that we should see a quick snapback in SOC test in 2023 especially since your largest customer is expected to continue with bifurcation, not moving everything to the next leading nation? And I have a follow-up.
Mark Jagiela: Okay. Good, Mehdi. You're right. Monotonic growth since 2015 has been true. And even with the $4.4 billion current midpoint view of the market in 2022, the trend line growth off of 2015 is still a 10% CAGR. And we said all along, we run the business and expect volatility and manage the business to the trend line. And the 10% CAGR is in line with our midterm earnings model, too. So it's hard after so many years of monotonic sequential growth maybe to absorb that. But I think most of all of us have been around long enough to know that's part of history and not strange, so the snapback or not in 2023. One thing I might want to just rewind a bit and preface my remarks on is that our tester market and our tester business, demand is very sensitive to the growth rate of our customers. So, for example, if a customer of ours is growing units at 4% and a year and creates a certain tester demand for us. If their growth rate nominally increases from 4% to 5%, small, small impact on their business, for Teradyne, that can be a 20%, 25% acceleration of demand for us because we -- our demand is driven off the first derivative, let's say, of customer growth. And so obviously, we're very sensitive to what the macroeconomic conditions are going to be in 2023 around the growth rate of our customers. The technological issue around our largest customer in the smartphone market and the move to 3-nanometer, I think that's kind of baked in and is going to happen. Macro economically, what's going to be going on in the world and the inventory digestion or not that may be lagging from Q4 into early Q1, it's hard to tell right now. We're kind of reading tea leaves based on what we've seen happen, which I said is maybe about $100 million of demand drop out to what we're anticipating will happen. So I really wouldn't want to get too far out on the limb or forecast in 2023, but those are the factors at play.
Mehdi Hosseini: Thank you. Thanks for the detail. And one quick follow-up for Sanjay. Given all the color and guide, it seems like this year, revenues could be down mid-teens, plus-minus. And you're adjusting your OpEx growth of only 4% to 6%. Looking to next year, if we get a snapback, you do benefit from an easy compare from 2022 into 2023, should I assume that your OpEx growth would accelerate again, or should I assume that the OpEx growth will be minimal to like, let's say, mid-single-digit percent, 5%?
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah. So Mehdi, this year, we had an anticipated plan. And obviously, as Mark said, we manage the business on a trend line, and we believe the fundamentals that we laid out in our January call and the earnings model are still intact in Test and IA. With that backdrop, we did have a plan to increase OpEx 11% to 13%. And as I noted, we curtailed that, we believe in delaying some expenditures that aren't going to impact our long-term competitiveness. We haven't gone through the detailed planning in 2023. Of course, we'll provide that update in January. But my expectation is that we're going to keep the focus on what's going to help us be successful in the long-term. And we're going to -- for example, we're going to keep on investing in industrial automation to secure the market going forward. We believe that that market is still sub-5% penetrated very good positions in our portfolio companies that go to market in that fashion. So my expectation is we're going to still operate at the 5% to 15% there and still keep our foot on the gas to grow to help drive that top line and capture more business. And in the Test portfolio, we're going to continue to ensure we have a very strong road map and a good go-to-market the exact numbers I don't have right now, but the fundamentals of our business are the same. We're going through -- we're predicting to go through a little bit of a weaker second half than we anticipated. But at some point, this will snap back, which quarter that occurs. But we're going to keep our investment thesis intact.
Mark Jagiela: And variable comp pool with revenue as we talked earlier.
Mehdi Hosseini: Right. Thank you.
Andy Blanchard: Okay. Folks, we are out of time. Mehdi, thank you for the question, and thanks, everybody for their questions and attention. If you have follow-ups, please reach out, and we look forward to talking to you in the days and weeks ahead. Bye-bye.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Q1 2022 Teradyne, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Andy Blanchard. Mr. Blanchard, the floor is yours.
Andrew Blanchard: Thank you, Chris. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our CEO, Mark Jagiela; and our CFO, Sanjay Mehta. Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for 2022's first quarter, along with our outlook for the second quarter of 2022.  The press release containing our first quarter results was issued last evening. We're providing slides on the investor page of the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion. Replay of this call will be available via the same page after the call ends.  The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the safe harbor statement contained in our earnings release as well as our most recent SEC filings. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call.  During today's call, we'll make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We've posted additional information concerning those non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure were available on the Investor page of the website.  Looking ahead, between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne expects to participate in technology or industrial-focused investor conferences hosted by Cowen, Luke Capital, Bank of America, Stifel and Bernstein.  Now let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, Mark will comment on our recent results and the market conditions as we enter the new quarter. Sanjay will then offer more details on our quarterly results, along with our guidance for the second quarter. We'll then answer your questions, and this call is scheduled for 1 hour. Mark?
Mark Jagiela: Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Today, I'll summarize our Q1 results, review current market conditions, and provide an update on Q2 and the full year. Sanjay will then take you through the financial details, including our outlook for the second quarter.  The first quarter played out as expected from a financial perspective. We delivered results toward the high end of guidance as we cleared a few more supply chain bottlenecks than expected.  As outlined in January, we expect revenue growth throughout the year as we build toward 2023 and the transition to 3-nanometer. Consequently, we expect roughly 7% to 9% sequential quarter-over-quarter growth throughout the year.  Since January, we've seen incremental strengthening of demand for Semi Test and wireless in the areas of automotive, memory, WiFi 6c and 7. On the other hand, for the first time in 2 years, supply chain challenges are materially impacting our Semi Test shipments. This is reflected in our wider-than-normal revenue guidance range in Q2. Sanjay will describe these details shortly.  From a full year market perspective, we estimate the SOC market is trending to the high end of the $4.6 billion to $5 billion range we discussed in January. Strengthening automotive test demand is one element driving the market increase as both per car content and unit complexity are growing quickly. The accelerating move to electric vehicles is a key part of this increase with EVs growing at a 20% plus CAGR while the chip content of these vehicles is running more than 3x compared to gas-powered cars.  This year, we are seeing particular strength emerging in high-end automotive ADAS processes. Complexity of these processes is approaching the level of high-end cellphone applications processors. Additionally, high-end ADAS processors have about a 3 to 4x longer test time due to the more stringent test requirements for devices used in automotive safety applications. Furthermore, there are usually multiple ADAS processors per vehicle, amplifying the unit demand. Combining the enhanced EV semiconductor content with these ADAS trends, we expect the automotive test market to outgrow the core test market for the receivable future.  Another area of growth is in hyperscaler silicon development. While the material test revenue impact from these complex chips is in 2023 and beyond, both the complexity and pace of development is accelerating. This has been a focused investment area for us over the last 18 months, and we are pleased with our win work -- sorry, pleased with our win rate for these new opportunities.  Shifting to the memory test market. Our market size estimate for the year remains at about $1 billion. But within that, we have seen the DRAM demand soften a bit, offset by an increase in flash demand.  In System Test, defense and aerospace and production board test groups collectively grew over 30% from Q1 '21 on strong automotive board test demand and program buying in defense and aerospace.  In Storage Test, sales were down 28% as expected versus 1Q of '21. Customer concentration here causes this lumpiness, but the long-term complexity and unit demand drivers remain in place.  Our wireless test business at LitePoint remains very healthy with sales growing 26% year-over-year in Q1. Strong demand for emerging WiFi 6c and WiFi 7 standards is driving this growth and the outlook for the year.  LifePoint's strategy delivers high throughput, easy-to-deploy test solutions for the full array of wireless standards. Our chipset test library approach to programming allows customers to shorten their time to market and achieve superior test economics for these emerging standards.  Moving to Industrial Automation. Group revenues were up 29% from Q1 of last year. Demand in North America was particularly strong with 55% growth year-over-year. While we cleared some supply issues at UR rate in the quarter, IA shipments overall continue to be constrained by material shortages.  Globally, the PMIs for the U.S. and Europe remain over 50, while in China, the PMI dipped below 50 in March. We are closely watching to confirm that China data point is a short-term COVID lockdown issue and anticipate recovery in 3Q and 4Q.  Similarly, the conflict in Ukraine slowed EU demand in March and has the potential to impact the European industrial activity throughout the year. While we expect these constraints to continue in 2Q, we do expect IA growth rates to increase through the year as supply constraints ease, AutoGuide begins to ramp shipments and UR and MiR see increased growth on China and EU recovery.  At UR, our OEM welding application continued on a tear with 1Q growth of over 100% compared to 1 year ago. The U.S. geography was also strong with over 50% year-over-year growth. Our UR+ program of plug-and-play applications for our cobots is passing in the 400-product milestone this quarter. Each of these applications leverages an independent third-party developers knowledge of a specific market vertical to solve a specific problem. This application is then certified by UR so our customers can deploy automation solutions quickly by spending less time on programming and integration work. The resulting network effect is a powerful differentiator for us, and we continue to invest to support this growing army of developers.  At MiR, we are seeing two positive trends emerge as we grow the business. First, we are seeing a steady movement toward higher payload, higher ASP AMRs. In 2020, about 10% of our sales were above the 500-kilogram payload range. This moved to 22% in 2021. And in Q1, we saw over 30% of our sales in this class. This represents a broadening of AMR applications to a wider range of material handling tests and manufacturing and logistics.  Second, we are seeing the trend toward both growing fleet sizes and increasing multifactory deployments at major customers. Within these environments, our fleet management software is an increasingly important product differentiator. These larger customers also have demand the uptime and support requirements, which also plays to our strength as MiR is leveraging Teradyne's global support and large account experience to meet these customers' needs in ways that smaller players can't.  With one quarter of 2022 in the books, the year is unfolding roughly in line with our forecast. The incrementally stronger demand in test is being balanced by supply constraints. Longer term, I am encouraged by the continued strength in WFE investments, which fuels our growth; the progress from industry leaders on 3-nanometer technology; the growing opportunity for our human scale automation projects and the resilience of Teradyne's global team and our partners that are enabling us to muscle through some very tough supply and operational constraints.  And before closing, I want to note an important milestone at Teradyne. Mike Bradley will retire from our Board of Directors in May. Mike's Teradyne career spans over 40 years, including 10 years as CEO, helping shape Teradyne's products, business model and culture. Mike has had an incredible impact on our company, our customers and shareholders, and I'm especially appreciative for the help he's given me along the way. Thanks, Mike.  Sanjay will now take you through the financial details. Sanjay?
Sanjay Mehta: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Today, I'll provide details on our Q1 results, offer additional color on the operating environment, including the supply line update and describe our Q2 outlook.  Now to Q1. First quarter sales were $755 million, with non-GAAP EPS of $0.98. Non-GAAP gross margins were 60.2% and our non-GAAP operating expenses were $248 million, slightly below our guidance due to slower-than-planned hiring. Non-GAAP operating profit rate was 27.4%. We had no 10% customers in the quarter. The tax rate, excluding discrete items for the quarter was 16% on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis. Please note, you should now use this for the full year tax rate as well.  Looking at the results from a business unit perspective. Semi Test revenue of $482 million was down 9% from Q1 '21 as expected. SOC revenue was $387 million driven by strength in mobility and compute end markets. Memory revenue was $96 million, driven by flash final test and DRAM wafer sort. System Test group had revenue of $119 million, which was down 11% year-over-year, again, as expected. Storage Test sales, including HDD and system-level test solutions were $68 million in the quarter, down from $95 million in Q1 '21. Defense and aerospace and production board test grew year-on-year. At LitePoint, revenue of $52 million was up 26% from prior year due primarily to strong shipments of WiFi and UWB test systems.  Looking at our test portfolio overall. The positive demand environment, Mark noted, reinforces the trend line growth built into our 2024 earnings model. In Semi Test, growing device complexity supported by no transitions and unit growth will provide a long-term tailwind to that business. At LifePoint and in System Test, similar increases in complexity continue to drive growth.  A couple of examples. One, LitePoint revenue in 2021 was approximately double the 2017 level. Two, our Storage Test business. Revenue in Storage Test has more than quadrupled from 2017 to 2021. At LitePoint, we expect growth to continue to be driven by more complex wireless standards for connectivity, sophisticated location tracking and security technologies and cellular applications. In Storage Test, growing chip complexity combined with higher density, hard disk drives are driving long-term growth.  Now to Industrial Automation. Industrial Automation revenue of $103 million was up 29% year-over-year. This was ahead of what we planned in our Q1 guidance as we were able to work through several supply line constraints in the quarter at UR. I'll also note that we expect IA revenue to follow the historical pattern and grow as we move through the year.  UR sales were $85 million in Q1, up 30% and year-over-year with the highest growth in North America. MiR sales were $17 million, up 22% from Q1 '21. As Mark noted, higher payload products with higher ASPs contributed to that growth, and we expect this trend to continue.  Overall demand at both UR and MiR remained strong as labor availability and rising costs make the financial case for our human scale automation compelling. But as noted, we are watching for the impacts of COVID events in China and the Russian-Ukraine war closely.  From a financial perspective in IA, the group was breakeven on a non-GAAP operating basis in the first quarter. And for the full year, we expect to operate in the 5% to 15% range we discussed in past calls, with 2022 trending towards the low end of the range. Recall in 2021, IA delivered a 4% non-GAAP operating profit for the full year.  As noted in the past, with market penetration for cobots and AMRs below 3% and high market growth, our strategy is to prioritize growth over obtaining model profits. Simply put, we are investing to capture these markets as we see significant growth beyond the midterm.  Shifting to supply. While the demand environment is strong, supply issues are getting progressively worse. We continue to manage through a very challenging supply environment as we have for the past 2 years. Our supply management operations teams and partners have done an incredible job, including navigating through a multi-week plant shutdown at one of our major contract manufacturers in Q1. Fortunately, it was mid-quarter, and we had time to recover. Had the shutdown happened later in the quarter, the recovery could have shifted into the following quarter. It highlights the risk which will persist during the global COVID pandemic.  In Q2, there is more demand to ship if we could align supply. Issues range from chip shortages to COVID-related delivery shutdowns. We're taking numerous actions to harden our supply chain, including expanding our production operations geographically, adding new geographically diverse suppliers, redesigning products to use available components and many other actions. However, even with these actions, we expect supply line constraints to remain an issue through at least the first half of 2023.  Shifting to the balance sheet and cash flow. Our cash and marketable securities at the end of the quarter totaled $1.2 billion. We had $37 million in negative free cash flow in the quarter. Cash burn in the first quarter is typical for us as we pay variable compensation and profit sharing in the quarter. We spent $201 million and $18 million on buybacks and dividends, respectively, in Q1. As noted in January, we expect to purchase a minimum of $750 million -- sorry, $750 million of shares in 2022.  Regarding debt. To date, $384 million of convertible bonds have early converted in Q1. We paid $21 million to bondholders in the quarter. Now to our outlook for Q2. As you've heard this morning, customer demand is strong in all parts of the business. Our guidance range is wider than normal as number of material shortages continues to expand. And while we've been successful to date in addressing these issues, the margin for error continues to narrow, and the guidance assumes we won't see extended shutdowns of our production facilities due to COVID.  With that said, sales in Q2 are expected to be between $780 million and $870 million, with non-GAAP EPS in a range of $1 to $1.29 on 170 million diluted shares. The second quarter guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles. Second quarter gross margins are estimated at 60% to 61%. OpEx is expected to run at 31% to 34% of second quarter sales. The non-GAAP operating profit rate at the midpoint of the second quarter guidance is 28%.  Turning to the impact of inflation on our P&L. First, gross margins. We are seeing increased costs primarily in components and labor, both internally and at our partners. We're mitigating those increases through a variety of measures, including product pricing, operational efficiencies, multi-sourcing and seeing the benefit of our prior investments to reduce our bill of materials.  Our gross margin performance in Q1 and outlook for Q2 reflects our success to date with these measures. But I remind you, this is a very dynamic environment. On the OpEx front, we have planned for increased costs tied to inflation and we still plan on growing OpEx 11% to 13% over 2021 as noted in January.  Looking at our revenue profile for the year. The first half is shaping up a little bit better than expected with very tight supply. The second half is looking to be slightly up versus last year's second half, reasonably consistent with our expectations at the beginning of the year, even though test demand is incrementally higher. Supply issues may push some of that incremental demand into 2023.  We expect third quarter revenues will grow high single digits from the Q2 level and Q4 will grow sequentially as well. Our current view is that the first half revenues will be 46% to 47% and second half revenues will be 53% to 54%.  To sum up, demand across the company remains strong and growing supply constraints are moderating our shipments more than at any other time since the pandemic began. We're expanding our playbook to address these issues, but it's a very dynamic playing field and we're calling a lot of audibles along the way.  Our global teams in go-to-market operations, engineering and support functions continue to execute and collaborate in a challenging and dynamic environment to meet customer demand and deliver shareholder value. The passion is enjoyable to observe. Well done, team.  With that, I'll turn things back to Andy.
Andrew Blanchard: Thanks, Sanjay. Chris, we'd now like to take some questions. And as a reminder, please let me yourself to one question and a follow-up.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from C.J. Muse of Evercore.
Christopher Muse: I guess first question, regarding your largest customer heading into 2023, and obviously, that's a long time from now. But curious, as you think about the move to 3-nanometer, how are you thinking about test demand as it relates to units versus complexity? And I guess the worry in the marketplace is that the adoption of 3 could be spread out over 2 years as opposed to 1, and that would reduce kind of the demand for testers from you guys. So would love to hear how you're thinking about that. And obviously, the caveat is it's very early to have a great view there.
Mark Jagiela: Yes, C.J., it's really early on that. But first of all, I think there's two parts of your question. I think overall, we're looking at 3-nanometer in 2023 as mostly a complexity growth equation versus a unit growth driver in the cellphone device arena.  I think the other part of your question is, well, what is the adoption is partial for 3 nanometer. Certain devices go to 3 and other ones sort of lag. I think that is something we've seen before in iPads and other kinds of products in the market where they bifurcate migration.  If and when that ever occurs, there could be a 1-year depressed demand for test. But then in subsequent years, those sort of bifurcated product lines kind of then move in lockstep again north, maybe one's waterfall back a year, but the complexity growth resumes thereafter. So it's all hypothetical, but something like that would have an impact.
Christopher Muse: Very helpful. I guess for my second question, just trying to think through your kind of stronger second half versus first half. And obviously, the robotics piece is helping on that. But this is the first time I think I've ever seen you guys have kind of a stronger outlook for Semi Test. Into the back half, we're normally -- Q2 is seasonally is your strongest quarter. So is that all a factor of supply constraints? Or are there other drivers to that change in trend?
Mark Jagiela: Well, there's three things going on there. The biggest thing -- Q2 is usually large because our largest customer has a big tooling peak in 2Q and 3Q. So that's absent. But the other thing is that the visibility is a bit longer now with lead times out. Customers are ordering a little bit in advance for capacity. So we do see or of what's to come towards the back end of this year and early '23. And it sort of aligns to this complexity growth related to new nodes that we're seeing.  So I think this year is a little unique in that absent the mobility bubble we usually see in the summer and adding in the move towards this node transition next year, we get this more linear ramp through the year of demand.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mehdi Hosseini of SFG.
Mehdi Hosseini: I want to go back to your outlook, especially looking into next year, and you made a reference to WFE, which is very positive, given all the investment this year. But it also appears that the investment for trailing edge is growing much faster and particularly a higher level of investment in China. What I want to ask you is how are you positioned in China, especially for with OSAT houses? And is there any incremental opportunity for share gain? And I have a follow-up.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. I think in China, we're positioned very well in legacy nonleading edge. The one place in China, we're not positioned well is with Huawei and the Huawei associated companies, which tends to -- are trying to skew as best they can toward more leading-edge positions.  But to the extent China will continue to grow on trailing edge -- but overall, our share of, let's say, the non-Huawei part of China is roughly the same as it is outside of China. So it's not a balloon or an anchor, so to speak. We're kind of going to float up and down there, I think, with investment and demand.
Mehdi Hosseini: Okay. So nothing really out of ordinary. If they are indeed investing more, it should trickle down to the back end and you as 1 of the 2. Okay.  And then moving on to Industrial Automation. And thanks for color on ADAS incremental opportunity. But it also seems to me that in order for you to fully realize the synergies between your Semi Test and Industrial Automation for EV and ADAS application, you would need to have more of a software content. And I'm just curious if I'm thinking about this the right way? And whether you would have to go to the market and acquire software IP so that you can have a more comprehensive portfolio for these growth the end markets?
Mark Jagiela: No, I don't see that, Mehdi. I think where we are positioned now, we're completely aligned to the technology trends in EV and ADAS and everything else there. So no, I don't see the need for that.
Operator: And next, we have Timothy Arcuri of UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: So Mark, you were saying that the SOC TAM is trending toward the high end of the $4.6 billion to $5 billion. I'm just wondering if you can give us some idea of sort of what end market's driving that the high end? I think last quarter, you gave us some breakdown. Compute, you thought would be $1.3 billion. I think you saw mobility would be $1.8 billion. Autos would be about $500 million. So can you just give us sort of what end market is driving that toward the high end? It sounds like autos might be a little better.
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. It's Sanjay here. I'll take that one. So we're seeing strength in -- incremental strength in compute and in auto that's driving us to the high end.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay. And then I guess a question just around China. So are you seeing any impact or any pushouts or delays in shipment time lines from Chinese OSAT customers as a result of the lockdowns and maybe just as a result, also of weak demand in the consumer segment? So I mean, obviously, demand is still very strong if you look holistically. But if you look at the consumer markets and you look specifically in China, are you seeing any examples of customers delaying shipments of testers?
Mark Jagiela: No, we're not seeing any tester real meaningful delays at all yet in China. We have seen in Industrial Automation business, the robotics business, some slowdown in China. Sanjay referred to the Q1 performance there was a bit weak, and we're watching that. So that's more immediate. And as factories shutdown and things, we feel that. But I think on the test side, the headlights and the investments needed along the trend line are kind of obvious and compelling, and there's no yet any blips.
Operator: And next, we have Brian Chin of Stifel.
Brian Chin: I guess the first one focused on test. Given the supply challenges that you're discussing, do you think you're baking in enough conservatism on the '22 TAM outlook? And I ask in part because I think despite strong order rates, your competitor Advantest, they widened their 2022 TAM outlook, but at the lower, not higher end of the range. So kind of curious about that. . And also, beyond your largest customer with telegraphed last call, have you seen any incremental signs of capacity digestion in the broader SOC -- mobile SOC market?
Mark Jagiela: So just a quick comment from me first, and I'll let Sanjay talk a little more about it. I do think that compared to Advantest, we're in a very different supply chain situation. You look at their backlog out at almost a year. There's a very, I think, limited ability for them to see a road to incremental revenue in the year whereas we're months and less versus 1 year. And we do have capacity growth capability in the back half. So that's the difference, but I'll let Sanjay address the broader question.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes, I think overall, supply is getting tighter. As I've said on prior calls, I thought with substrate and fab capacity coming online in 2022, we'd be a little bit more in balance with supply and demand, but that hasn't been the case. As I said, our current view is that we see the tightening continuing into the first half of 2023. . And from an overall market perspective, we do believe that there is a constraining element of supply to meet the overall demand. And it's in the places where you'd expect in the semiconductor parts, FPGA linear logic, memory, other ASICs.
Brian Chin: Got it. And then as I missed the part, I think I asked about whether you're seeing any signs of digestion in the broader SOC mobile market?
Mark Jagiela: No, not really. And I think the demand is still strong and the request for shipments are not pushing out. So I don't see any signs yet in test of sort of slacking demand.
Brian Chin: Okay. Maybe just for my follow-up. In Industrial Automation, sorry if I missed this, but is sort of mid-30% plus still the bogey there in terms of growth rates? Obviously, talking about accelerated growth rates moving through the year. Improvements on our lead times, but also still some constraints, I think, was the discussion and also some -- want to see sort of how the pattern unfolds in China. So maybe can you discuss that and then also what that China exposure is? I think it's a fairly minority portion of the business, right?
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. So it's Sanjay here. So 35% plus is still our objective or our plan this year. It's progressing as we'd expect. I would say that, as Mark noted, China, which has traditionally been a very high-growth environment for IA, was slightly down year-on-year. And as Mark noted, we believe it's really tied to the plant shut down. So we're watching it very closely. . I would say on the supply front, a large -- a significant portion of that range increase is tied to supply. With UR, the range is approximately, let's say, $20 million, which is really a supply-driven range.  And then secondly, I'd say secondly, we are seeing supply from an IA perspective, lead times -- or sorry, our backlog will still be -- we expect it to be between 4 to 6 weeks as opposed to our objective of 1 to 2 weeks to keep it a fast turns business.
Mark Jagiela: So I do think the China piece is roughly 10% of our overall IA business. So it is flatlined in Q1 kind of on growth. But part of how we get to 35 plus through the back end of the year is assuming some of this COVID stuff goes away in China and in Q3 and -- we're presuming it persists through second quarter. But Q3 and Q4, it goes away.
Brian Chin: Okay. That's fair.
Operator: Our next question comes from Atif Malik of Citi.
Atif Malik: Mark, you talked about weakness in the DRAM market. If you can just provide some more color. Is this because of DDR5 adoption pushed out because of the supply rapid delay? Or are you seeing something more?
Mark Jagiela: No, it's exactly that. DDR5 is moving slower than planned. It kind of server Sapphire Rapids delay. Nothing fundamental. The three elements of the memory market between DRAM wafer test final test and then flash wafer test final test kind of are 1/4, 1/4, 1/4 each of the total $1 billion TAM. There is a bit more tooling this year for DRAM wafer test, but that's nothing -- I think that's noise, not signal. And as I mentioned, we're seeing some strengthening in the flash side that's sort of making up more than the difference on the DDR5 weakness. The other thing about memory that's very encouraging for us is that we've talked about our market share being about 40%, low 40s globally there. In China, which is still investing heavily and growing quite rapidly in memory, it's moving closer to the high 50s. So we've got some good potential here with DDR5 hopefully coming back next year with Sapphire Rapids and the continued investments going into China.
Atif Malik: Great. And as my follow-up, I want to go back to C.J.'s question earlier about the mobile compute adoption spread maybe over -- in a couple of years. That phone maker has publicly talked about facing physical limitations in creating a larger die to accommodate more transistors at 5-nanometer, which I don't believe was the driver in iPad-type decisions historically. So I mean, is it fair to assume that device maker could adopt 3-nanometer more widely moving forward given the limitations on the die side?
Mark Jagiela: Yes, I think that's more likely. It was a hypothetical question, I think, that C.J. was asking. But I do think -- so just to walk it back a little bit. This year, we've seen a slackening demand in tester demand because the complexity growth is low in phone silicon, highly correlated with the fact that we're kind of in our third year of 5-nanometer production. And yes, you just can't afford to grow the die size. It doesn't make economic sense to grow the die size. And absent that, it's hard to get more transistors unless you do a node transition.  So there's a bit of a backlog and a pent-up demand to get to this next turn of the screw, the next node of 3 nanometer. So this all depends kind of on the yields of what 3-nanometer is going to look like. But on the other side of the argument, you could see a larger portfolio of devices driving to move to 3-nanometer next year and people will be competing for fab capacity if the yields prove to be good. And I think you want to be positioned with the customers who are in the front of the line on that fab capacity, which I hope we are. I think we are. But I would subscribe more to the fact that people are -- there's a pent-up demand, and it could swing the other way.
Operator: And next, we have Vivek Arya of Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: I just wanted to revisit this notion of the supply situation getting tighter. How do we reconcile that with your forecast of growing high single digit in Q2, Q3 and Q4 if the supply situation is getting tighter, how are you able to grow faster?
Sanjay Mehta: Well, we've been planning for it. I think a couple of things. We've been investing in multi-sourcing of components, geographically diversing. We've been building capacity really tied to our plans that we published with our earnings model. And you can see by our balance sheet, we're building inventory. So fundamentally, we're planning for it, and we're looking to execute.
Mark Jagiela: And the other thing we've been doing is some redesigns to remove some of the bottleneck parts. And as those redesign sort of flow into the shipment stream in the second half of the year, that gives us some incremental flexibility. So it's usually -- it's a few critical parts that bottleneck us that go through mad scrambles, negotiations, phone calls and things to try to unlock some supply from the suppliers during the course of the quarter. And we've been largely successful for the past 2 years doing that. We're still able to grow here in Q2, doing that. It's just that the likely outcome is more and more sort of constraints on the top end of what we might otherwise be able to ship. So for example, in the second quarter, Sanjay, roughly how much revenue and test are we thinking we've bottlenecked because of the line of sight we have on supply?
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. So in test, I'd say it's in the $40 million range. And I'd say in IA, it's in the $10 million range. And that is outside of our high end of our range, which is really unprecedented for us.
Mark Jagiela: Right. So that gives you some flavor of the magnitude. And that test in the past quarters might have been $10 million kind of numbers, small, but it's going from $10 million to $40 million, that's significant. And we look out in Q3 and Q4, it's judgment still, but we still think everything that Sanjay says we've done positions us to grow with reasonable performance on clearing some of these critical parts and anticipating this constrained environment persisting and getting a little bit worse.
Vivek Arya: Very helpful. And then for my follow-up, Mark, I wanted to revisit this content growth argument when you move from one node to another. So a few questions on that. First, could you give us a range of how much your average content grew in prior cycles and mobile SOCs when your customer moved from one generation to another? Was it 10% to 15%? 15% to 20%? If you could just give us some sense of what that range has been historically.  And the other thing I'm curious about is that will this require brand-new testers? Or can part of the deployed base be upgraded? Just how much incremental is this move to 3 nanometer so we're not surprised when it happens next year?
Mark Jagiela: I'm not sure what you mean by the content growth. So just clarify that for a minute.
Vivek Arya: Sure. So how does one quantify complexity, right, that if your average tester per unit of that smartphone is x when that SOC moves from 5 to 3, then how much extra tester revenue can you get from that for the same number of units?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So the -- first of all, that second part of your question, which was reuse of testers. Testers are absolutely reused node to node, generation to generation. And testers we put in 10 years ago are still being used for mobile device testing. So long, long product lives. They do need to be upgraded a bit now and then. That's part of the flow, but there's no obsolescence event coming in the short term around testers. That's not in our midterm plan and anything else and hasn't been in the past.  So the node transitions typically enable transistor count bumps, and that's what drives incremental test capacity because you -- the same device requires more test time. And so I think you could expect something in the rough jump of 30%, 40% jump in transistor counts; drive, maybe a 20% jump in tester capacity. So you've got to do the math across the whole installed base of testers and everything else. So I haven't recently sat down and tried to pencil that out, so I can't sort of do it off the top of my head, but that's roughly the ratio is that what a node transition will give us is that big jump in transistor count.  And then you can say, okay, just to take an example, if the installed base of testers is 100, and there's no unit growth, all there is a node transition of about a 30% to 40% complexity bump, you would need 20 more testers to cover that in that year. The model is much more complex than that, of course. You'd have to sort of do it over years and model it. But that's the tips of the waves on it.
Operator: And next, we have Krish Sankar of Cowen.
Krish Sankar: I have two of them. Mark, thanks for the color on the industry market sizes. Given that the incremental strength in SOC is coming from auto, and memory is kind of more -- towards NAND versus DRAM, is it fair to still assume that your market share in SOC and memory is going to be about 40% this year? Or do you think SOC may be slightly higher, memory slightly lower? Then I have a follow-up.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. I think for the year, memory is probably still around 40, plus or minus 1% or so, but around 40. I don't think it changes significantly with this flash shift.  In the case of -- I wouldn't characterize it as much of a change. It's also probably slightly short of 40 for the year. And it will kind of depend on what happens in the supply chain issues as we get into Q4. I anticipate we'll be -- and we anticipate in our discussion here that we're going to be bottlenecked. The 30 -- $40-ish million were bottlenecked here in Q2 will likely grow as we get toward Q4. And if that, in fact, happens, then we'll probably be 38% to 39% share. If we can unconstrain that, we can ship more testers off, it could be in the 40% range.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Got it. And then you kind of spoke about the 3-nanometer from a large customer next year. Historically, there's been a little bit of a headwind to gross margin when they spend. I'm just kind of curious, should that be worse or similar to historical trends, if next year auto test flows and the tailwind you have this year from the Eagle test high-margin testers moderate as your large customer becomes a bigger portion in 2023?
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. It's Sanjay. So I think it's a good observation that the mobility, we'll call it the bubble. If we see that in 2023 on a margin percentage, it will have an impact. But I will say that we are having investments that continually work to both add supply assurance, but also -- and give us flexibility but also drives from a bill of materials. And we've been fighting the cost or the component inflation. But we plan to execute in our at our earnings model level of 59% to 60% would be our expectation.
Operator: Up next, we have Toshiya Hari of Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: I had two as well. Mark, you talked about the hyperscale opportunity in your prepared remarks. I think you noted that some of the customer activity seems to be accelerating and that you've been pleased with your run rate. I was hoping you could elaborate on that a little bit and to the extent possible, kind of speak to the timing of a potential inflection in that business. I realize that's sort of a medium- to long-term opportunity for you. But curious to hear any new developments there?
Mark Jagiela: Yes, that's -- it's tough to speculate because there's two classes of hyperscaler silicon development that are going on. There's a class of development around new consumer products. That one is incredibly difficult for us to forecast because it's unprecedented-type product introductions to see if the market will develop or will they even be introduced. So to me, those -- they're active, we're highly engaged, they're wildcards.  Then there's another class that I would say is more compute, cloud infrastructure. Chips going into the cloud for specialized. Could be AI applications going into the edge. Those are a little more, I would say, have precedented applications, and we have long-term sort of plans. And those, I expect are going to start ramping next year. I think some of these are going to ramp.  Now how material will they be? I think we're still talking from a tester point of view, tens of millions versus hundreds of millions of dollars of incremental revenue. So we're still going to be early innings, but that gives you some sense.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. That's helpful. And then as a quick follow-up, maybe one for Sanjay. You guys seem to be executing really well from a gross margin perspective despite everything that's going on. I think you beat the midpoint of your guidance in Q1 by more than 100 basis points. You're guiding to another higher than 60% quarter for Q2 despite everything that's going on. So I guess the question is, is this primarily a function of your largest customer being absent or at least being a small percentage of your revenue than typical in that driving a better mix? Or are there -- I know you guys are working on a bunch of things. Is there anything sustainable that could drive margins above your long-term model?
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. So in Q1, it was really a function of product mix and really operational efficiencies and execution that drove us beyond what we guided in Q2 and beyond. Fundamentally, we were growing IA; LitePoint is growing, as examples. And in 2022, we see those businesses having higher than corporate average margins. I do believe that as we continue to work -- we have plans and we're working towards margin plans that are accretive. But let me remind you that there's been significant inflation and component costs and labor are increasing. So we feel like we manage the business to a 59% to 60% gross margin over the midterm. We have internal plans that are challenging those to make them higher, but we're also realistic about some of the headwinds in play in the environment.
Operator: And we have Joe Moore of Morgan Stanley.
Joseph Moore: In terms of the supply constraints that you have, can you kind of frame that competitively? I feel like last year, you had sort of a better supply situation than Advantest did? Is that still the case? And any ramifications for market share in the more transactional parts of the business?
Mark Jagiela: Well, we're not inside Advantest to know a lot. But what we do know from the outside is their backlog's close to a year. Their customers are forced to order in advance around a year. And so yes, apparently, whatever is going on in terms of supply chain strategy, it's been slightly more favorable on our side.  But we've worked this since 2019, 2018, sort of -- as a sort of a business continuity planning exercise around a whole series of things that could have gone wrong in the world, we never anticipated COVID but generally built up inventory resilience and backups that have fared well for us for 2 years.  So it kind of -- we've been hoping we would get through all of this without any significant bottlenecks. And we're seeing our first sort of headwind here in test at about a $40 million bottleneck in Q2. So 5% of our revenue roughly. We might have been able to increase revenue 5%.  And maybe that's going to be about the percentage through the year that we're going to be bottlenecked. We hope that we can keep it at that, keep lead times in sort of a 6-month range in test. And incrementally, get some of Advantest customers to consider us as a more responsive supplier. We'll see.
Operator: And next, we have Sidney Ho of Deutsche Bank.
Sidney Ho: Just one question for me. Related to your largest customer, are you still expecting them to be a 10% revenue this year? And given normally, you have some good visibility into them in about this time April, June -- April, May time frame. Is there much variability for the rest of this year?
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. Sidney, it's Sanjay. Thanks for that question. So right now, our expectation is that we will not have that large customer be over 10%, consistent with what we thought in January.
Mark Jagiela: And I think on the, is there anything for the rest of the year? I think for 2Q and 3Q, no, it's pretty locked in. 4Q, frankly, is a wildcard because that in past years has been a surprise for us. It depends on sort of the ramp in 2022, the early silicon prove-outs and all kinds of factors and other products that might be launching. So fourth quarter is kind of still opaque to us. So I would say that if there's a potential for something in fourth quarter that we might not see yet, yes. But we'll be somewhat constrained there too, based on the earlier supply discussions.
Operator: And I see no further questions in the queue. I will turn the conference back over to Mr. Blanchard. Sir, you may continue.
Andrew Blanchard: Well, for the first time in over 40 quarters, we're finished in early. Thanks, everybody, for joining us. Look forward to talking to you in the days and weeks ahead. Bye, bye. .
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect, and have a pleasant day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Fourth Quarter and Full Year Teradyne Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference may be recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your host today, Andy Blanchard, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please, go ahead.
Andy Blanchard: Thank you, Michelle. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our CEO, Mark Jagiela and our CFO, Sanjay Mehta. Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for 2021's fourth quarter and full year, along with our outlook for the first quarter of 2022. The press release containing our fourth quarter results was issued last evening. We're providing slides on the Investor page of the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion. Replays of this call will be available via the same page after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release, as well as our most recent SEC filings. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we make no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we'll make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We've posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure where available on the Investor page of our website. Looking ahead between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne will be participating in technology or industrial-focused investor conferences hosted by Citi, Morgan Stanley and Susquehanna. Now let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, Mark will comment on our recent results and the market conditions as we enter the New Year. Sanjay will then offer more details on our results along with our guidance for the first quarter. We'll then answer your questions, and this call is scheduled for one hour. Mark?
Mark Jagiela: Good morning and thanks for joining us. On our call today, I'll summarize 2001's [ph] fourth quarter and the full year and then comment on our early view of 2022. Sanjay will then provide the financial details and review our updated earnings model and capital allocation plans. While we forecast 2022 to be another solid year for Teradyne, overall sales will likely decline in the first half, as we believe SOC test sales will be impacted by modest complexity growth in our largest market, as the jump to 3-nanometer production is pushed to 2023. More on that in a minute. Recapping 2021. We finished the year strong, bringing full year sales, non-GAAP earnings growth to 19% and sales growth to -- sorry, the sales growth of 19% and GAAP earnings growth to 29%, respectively. 2021's performance was a result of broad-based growth across our Test and IA businesses. SemiTest sales grew about 17%, with our UltraFLEX family contributing to the expansion into the compute sector and Eagle product lines serving the automotive and analog industrial sectors, growing nearly 90%. For 2021, we estimate the SOC market was about $4.8 billion, up from $3.6 billion in 2020, which puts our market share at about 46% for the year. The memory market in 2021 was about flat with 2020 at approximately $1 billion. Our Magnum family continues to shine in the NAND segment, and we're reinforcing our position in the DRAM segment, as the industry prepares for LPDDR5 and DDR5 ramps in 2022 and beyond. Our share remains at about 40%. LitePoint's wireless test business had a great year, growing 25% from 2020. The global demand for connecting and tracking, just about everything, machines, materials and people is nearly insatiable. LitePoint is well aligned to this trend with products that simplify testing of the expanding range of wireless standards. Whether in networking with WiFi 6E and 7, in location tracking with ultra wideband and cellular with 5G or numerous other standards, the rate of technology change continues unabated, which is great for our business. Moving to our Industrial Automation business. At UR, sales were up 41% from 2020. We continue to expand the number of UR+ partners and certified plug-and-play apps with assembly, machine tending and palletizing among the most popular of the more than 375 available apps. We also continue to broaden our reach beyond existing markets, often with OEM partners. One exceptional example is our expansion into welding applications, where we finished the year with a growth of more than 3x above 2020 levels. Welding applications now account for more than 6% of UR sales. At MiR, full year sales grew 42% from 2020 on the strength of our new higher payload MiR250, 600 and 1,350 kilogram AMRs. It's also notable that the value of MiR AMRs with advanced fleet management software is amplified as the size of the robot fleet grows. We saw this play out last year with large account sales, those with the potential to deploy hundreds of units, growing nearly 50% faster than the installed base at large. Looking ahead to 2022, the long-term drivers that power our growth in Test and Industrial Automation are strong. In fact, as you will hear from Sanjay, our updated 2024 earnings model reflects an expected higher growth in sales and profits for both areas. However in 2022, while we expect our IA business to power along with 35% plus growth, we see our SOC business likely contracting during the year as the shift to 3-nanometer volume production is pushed to 2023. You can begin to see some of this effect in our 1Q guidance as we usually see the beginnings of our summer ramp in March. We expect 2Q to show similar effects as it's usually our peak tooling period for our largest market. As a result, we are modeling first half sales down 15% to 20%. We don't expect the impact of this to extend into second half. We expect demand to accelerate again in 2023 as we begin to see the complexity growth related to investments for 3-nanometer, gate-all-around and advanced packaging. Overall, we expect the 2022 SOC market to be similar in size to 2021 at approximately $4.6 billion to $5 billion. Shifting to memory test. We expect the market in 2022 to be in the $900 million to $1.1 billion range with a midpoint that's similar to 2021. We expect spending will be weighted toward DRAM as LPDDR5 adoption expands and DDR5 for server applications ramp. In the past, a shift to spending in DRAM would be a significant headwind for us, but we expect we'll maintain our share at about 40% in 2022 as our Magnum EPIC DRAM tester grows in market popularity. In System Test, after 5 years of high growth driven by the Storage Test product line, we expect 2022 to be a digestion year with sales softening slightly. Wireless Test at LitePoint, however is expected to fill that revenue gap, so we expect the combined System Test and Wireless Test will be about flat with 2021. Shifting from Test to Industrial Automation. Our business outlook is brighter than ever. As I noted in our last call, the penetration rate of both collaborative robots and autonomous mobile robots is under 3%. The economic environment is favorable with worker shortages, the movement of production capacity closer to end markets and a relentless drive for higher quality and safer operations, all helping to drive demand. The opportunity in front of us is immense, and we are investing to exploit it to the fullest. At the IA segment level, we've increased our long-term revenue growth rate and expect our sales in 2022 to grow more than 35% off of 2021. Sanjay will provide the long-term modeling details, but the key point is the investments we've made and will continue to make position us for both short- and long-term success in this expanding market. Expanding OEM relationships and served markets is a key part of our strategy. Like the welding initiative that is bearing fruit, we have several others in flight. One example is in e-commerce. One of our partners, Nimble Robotics, uses AI, unique grippers and clever software on our UR cobot platform to pick consumer goods and high-volume warehouse operations for numerous national brands. You may have seen the recent Wall Street Journal article complete with photos of the solution in action. Their innovative solution, dubbed goods to robot, complements automated storage and retrieval systems widely used in e-commerce. Our cobot ease of use and durability are a natural for this application. Well over 15 million items across 500,000 unique products have been picked to date as Nimble executes an ambitious growth plan in the e-commerce space. Another driver of growth in IA has been the growing use of UR cobots to improve the competitiveness of local manufacturing to support reshoring of production. Pantech, a Finnish maker of high-quality ceramics is a good example. They've added automation to allow skilled craftspeople to focus on high-volume and high-value tasks. While UR cobots do the repetitive and physically demanding ones, such as glazing and finishing of ceramics. To summarize, 2021 was another year of impressive growth at Teradyne and caps a five-year stretch where sales and non-GAAP earnings have grown at a compounded rate of 16% and 32%, respectively. As we've said before, we've managed the business to a trend line model. Our updated 2024 earnings model shows improved growth trend lines reflecting our increasing confidence in the business. These projections are not hockey sticks. They are consistent with our past performance and correlated to investment trends in semiconductor automation market drivers. Along the way, we expect some years will perform above the trend line and other years below. In Test, 2020 and 2021 were above trend line years, while 2022 will likely be below. These year-to-year swings in customer buying patterns are a part of our market dynamics. Our underlying business model with outsourced manufacturing and test is designed to efficiently absorb these dynamics. Also, our good and improving gross margins give us increasing leverage within this dynamic. The growth in volume and complexity of semiconductors that propels the test market is stronger than ever. Our Industrial Automation portfolio is well positioned against macro trends and back to high growth. All these dynamics should net out to attractive mid-term growth of both sales and earnings. With that, I turn it over to Sanjay for more details. Sanjay?
Sanjay Mehta: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Today, I'll cover the financial highlights of Q4 and review the financial details of 2021. Looking forward, I'll provide our Q1 outlook and update our mid-term earnings model and our capital allocation plans. Now to Q4. Revenues were $885 million, and we delivered a non-GAAP operating profit of 31% and EPS of $1.37.Semi Test revenue of $592 million was strong across the board with notable demand for apps processor and RF test in SOC and higher speed flash test in memory. System Test group had revenue of $127 million, up 23% year-over-year, driven by higher sales in Storage Test and defense and aerospace. LitePoint revenue of $52 million was up over 31% and from the year-ago period on WiFi 6E and early WiFi 7 test demand. Industrial Automation revenue of $113 million was up 23% from the fourth quarter of last year on strong demand at both UR and MiR. Non-GAAP gross margins were 59.5%, on plan and down quarter-over-quarter due to lower volume and product mix. You'll see our non-GAAP operating expenses were up $11 million to $253 million from the third quarter due primarily to ongoing industrial automation investments. We generated $302 million in free cash in the fourth quarter. The non-GAAP tax rate, excluding discrete items for the quarter, was 13.6% and on a GAAP basis was 14.75%. For the full year, it was 14.5% on a non-GAAP basis and 14.75% on a GAAP basis. We ended the year with cash and marketable securities of $1.5 billion. Regarding debt to-date, $343 million of our convertible bond has been redeemed early and repaid. We have a remaining face value of $117 million. Turning to the full year results of 2021. The Teradyne revenues of $3.7 billion grew $581 million or 19% year-over-year. $485 million of the growth was from our Test portfolio, while IA delivered $96 million of growth. We had one customer that directly or indirectly drove approximately 19% of our revenue in 2021. Gross margins for the year were 59.6% and operating profit was 33%, up from 57.2% and 30%, respectively, in 2020. Non-GAAP EPS was $5.98, a 29% increase over 2020. We generated $966 million in free cash in 2021 and returned $666 million through share repurchases and dividends. Looking more closely at the components of 2021 revenue growth. As Mark outlined, SOC test revenues grew $371 million or 20% on strength in all market segments, but with particular growth in the compute, industrial and automotive markets. In memory, revenues were $396 million, up 3%. NAND test demand drove the growth in 2021. In System Test sales, sales grew for the fifth consecutive year to $468 million, up 14% from 2020. All subsegments of System Test grew in 2021 with Storage Test delivering the largest increase moving from $242 million in 2020 to $288 million in 2021. LitePoint is also on an impressive growth path. Sales increased to $217 million, 25% above 2020 and has grown at an 18% CAGR since 2016. Growth drivers included the production ramp of WiFi 6E, WiFi 7 engineering systems and UWB expansion. It's notable that UWB is early in its market penetration and we expect a long-term growth trajectory as new applications for this technology emerge. In 2021, IA revenue was $376 million, up 34% from 2020's $280 million level. UR grew 41% to $311 million, while MiR grew 42% to $64 million. AutoGuide sales were under $2 million in 2021 as we continue to reposition that group for sustainable long-term growth. In 2021, we managed through numerous supply constraints at UR and MiR without a material impact on sales. We expect those constraints to become more severe and expect they may impact the timing of some shipments in the first half of 2022. We've considered that in our guidance. Now to our outlook for Q1. Sales are expected to be between $700 million and $770 million. Non-GAAP EPS range of $0.76 to $0.98 on 175 million diluted shares. First quarter guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles and a non-cash imputed interest on the convertible debt. First quarter gross margins are estimated at 58.5% and 59.5%, first quarter OpEx at 33% to 36% of first quarter sales. The non-GAAP operating profit rate at the midpoint of our first quarter guidance is 24%. Looking at 2022. Our first half 2022 outlook is down from 2021. This will be felt in the first and second quarters with expected Q2 company sales to be about 25% lower than Q2 2021 levels. Regarding our OpEx plans for 2022. OpEx growth of 11% to 13% is expected with the majority of the incremental growth in IA. This will likely put our OpEx above model in 2022 before coming back to model in 2023. The OpEx investment this year is targeted at R&D to improve ease of use, broaden our robot product lines and strengthen our go-to-market capabilities, all in support of long-term sales and earnings growth. Turning to capital expenditures. We expect CapEx to be approximately $160 million. For 2022, our GAAP and non-GAAP tax rate is estimated at 15% based on current tax laws. Moving to our earnings model. We expect test and IA growth will drive 2024 company revenue to $4.9 billion and non-GAAP EPS to $8 at the midpoint of our updated model. Gross margin is estimated at 59% to 60%, a 100 basis point increase from the prior model and is based on product mix and operating leverage from higher revenue. OpEx as a percent of sales will decline to 26% to 28%, and non-GAAP operating margin expected will be 31% to 34%. The model assumes current tax laws. As shown on the supporting slide, the new model is in line with the trend line performance. Now let me provide a little color. With 2021 non-GAAP EPS of $5.98, we've achieved our previous 2024 earnings model three years early on the strength of our test businesses. As we've done in the past, when building our earnings model, we consider the year-on-year demand swings that occur in both test and IA, but we evaluate our growth on a trend line versus any specific year. Therefore, as in past models, we use the average of 2020 and 2021 revenue as the baseline for our projections. From that baseline, we expect test revenue to grow at 7% to 11% compounded and IA revenues to grow 32% to 45% through 2024. Both growth rates are significant increases, both in absolute and relative terms from our earlier model. In SemiTest, we expect long-term growth will be driven by the steady increase in device complexity across our businesses along with high single-digit semiconductor unit growth. The transition to 3-nanometer and gate all-round technologies will drive complexity growth and higher transistor densities, increased test data collection for process yield learning and longer test times. The complexity point is illustrated by looking at the recent market size trends. When taking an average of 2018 and 2019, the ATE market size was approximately $4 billion. In '21 and '22, the average will be approximately $6 billion. Our earnings model assumes continued growth in the ATE market, and we believe WFE CapEx is a leading indicator of future test demand. This capacity is being put in place to service favorable semiconductor end market trends. First, the compute market is benefiting from the growth of both x86 and ARM-based solutions in higher-performing solutions at a faster cadence than in the past. The ARM solutions include new hyperscale applications along with AI devices for the data center and edge compute. Second, automotive market has elevated to a higher level. Increases in electric and autonomous driving are pushing the growth and complexity and number of chips per car. Third, the analog industrial end market is expected to continue to operate at a higher level as the digitalization of industry continues to broaden. In IA, we're attacking an attractive and sustainable long-term growth opportunity. The market penetration of cobots and autonomous mobile robots remains below 3%, while the range of applications they economically serve continues to expand. Our strategy is to drive penetration higher in existing markets and grow the number of new applications in new industry verticals. To enable this strategy, we continue to lean into our OpEx investments. We'll operate the IA business with a target operating margin of 5% to 15%, while we invest to drive growth and reinforce our competitive position. We don't expect the growth rate to moderate in the midterm, but at the point in the future if it does, we’ll dial back the OpEx growth and expect operating margins above 20%. In 2022, we expect we'll operate towards the low end of the 5% to 15% range. Shifting to capital allocation. We'll continue our balanced strategy. This year, we'll increase our quarterly dividend by 10% to $0.11 per share in 2022. Regarding our share repurchases. In 2021, we bought back 4 million shares for $600 million at an average price of $125.74. In 2022, we expect a minimum of $750 million of repurchases, reflecting our confidence in our operating model and the end markets we serve. In summary, 2021 was a record year for sales and earnings. Our global team continued to deliver extraordinary results in a challenging environment. The team's success in balancing customer demand and business needs amidst a constantly changing collection of pandemic-induced constraints was impressive. As we look ahead, long-term growth trends in our end markets remain strong and we've updated our earning model to reflect that outlook. While we expect 2022 will be below the long-term revenue and earnings growth trend lines, we're confident in the long-term trends in our markets and our ability to thrive in them. With that, I'll turn things back to Andy.
Andy Blanchard: Thanks, Sanjay. Michelle, we'd now like to take some questions. [Operator Instruction] Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini with SIG. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. I think it would be great if you could give us some more detail as it relates to your largest customer. Your commentary on 2021 and 19% contribution is insightful, but given your guide for 2022, you suggest that we're in a two-year digestion period. I understand the 3-nanometer, which has been known for six months, but I think expectation was for higher unit shipment for that particular customer to make up for push out in 3-nanometer, and it seems like that's not enough. And again, we go back to two-year digestion and I am wondering if you can comment on what I just said and I have a follow-up.
A – Mark Jagiela: Sure, Mehdi. Of course, I'm not going to divulge too much about our specific customer because that wouldn't be appropriate, but I'll give you some additional color. So I wouldn't call last year a digestion period, first of all. Last year, we had tremendous growth outside of that concentration, which sort of brought their portion of our revenue from the low 20s down below 20%. So it's really growth elsewhere that drove them down a bit versus digestion. The phenomena this year is something that has been in -- whether -- we attribute it to a variety of things such as complexity growth due to unit volume. I think I don't want to comment too much about that because, again, it gets into some proprietary information. But the latest news we have is that, as we've indicated, there will be a pretty significant reduction here in the first half of the year, which is usually the big ramp of tooling for the fall launch of new products. And we've quantified that as best we can to the second half we don't see. But typically, tooling starts in March. It peaks in the second quarter and a little bit dribbles into July. So that's where we'll feel the impact.
Mehdi Hosseini: Got it. Thank you. And just a quick follow-up on IA. And Sanjay mentioned that for 2022, operating margin is target at 5% at the low end. Perhaps you can give us some color on the ROIC difference between IA and automated test. And at in the longer-term that would make a continued OpEx investment in IA attractive and perhaps maybe ROIC or some other metrics could help us to better think about the investment that you're making?
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. So hi, Mehdi, it's Sanjay. So I think the latter part of the question first. As we see revenue continue to grow and with the penetration of the market of less than 3%, we are going to continue to invest in driving competitive advantage, broaden the portfolio, go to market -- across the board in engineering and go to market to continue to capture the market share. From a profitability or leverage perspective, moving more towards the ROIC comment is, fundamentally, when the market starts to slow and growth starts to slow at some time in the future, and we haven't considered that within our mid-term, we don't see that growth moderating over the mid-term with our 32% to 45% growth. At that point is when we will lower the investment. I will comment another point on the ROIC is our gross margins in that segment are above the corporate average. So, we'll start to higher return on the invested capital when revenue starts to moderate, the growth starts to moderate. But fundamentally, we are leaning into OpEx to really capture that market.
Mehdi Hosseini: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
John Pitzer: Yes, good morning guys. Thanks for letting me ask my questions. Mark, last night, Advantest reported overnight, and I think it's always a little bit dangerous to compare because starting points can be different. But I think they guided kind of their view of the SOC market up about 16% this year versus yours of flat. I'm just trying to -- and it's off the same growth rate that you have for 2021. So, I guess, I'm just trying to square the circle as to whether or not I should view your guidance as being particularly conservative, or is the way you square the circle just your relative customer concentration? And I guess if you look outside your largest customer, how do you see the SOC market trends for this year?
Mark Jagiela: Yes, it's a good question. I saw those numbers, too. I think there's two phenomenas that you cited going on. I think we are a bit lower than them in terms of the annual market size guide. Part of that is due to the fact that probably what our largest concentration is doing this year is somewhat opaque to them. And so that's a factor that's probably not in their numbers. And I do think if you look at the rest of the market, excluding that high concentration of ours, there is growth this year in the market is what we expect. So, probably -- it's almost probably 50/50 that gets the difference.
John Pitzer: That's helpful. And then Sanjay, just going back to Mehdi's question on the IA business. I think I of growth rate to op margin. But is there sort of a revenue level of IA where you would expect to see scale take over, or is this a business that the faster you're growing, the more you have to build out channels? I'm just kind of curious, is there a revenue level that we can expect you guys hitting in some time out in the future that's just going to drive some natural operating leverage in that business?
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. And over the mid-term, in our model, we are seeing a little bit of that play out as revenues grow. Sure, the fixed -- certain fixed costs are going to gain on that leverage. But I'd ask you to think about if -- as we grow into different verticals and the applications within those verticals, we're really building both engineering capability in our product, reducing friction in those different verticals of how we can get to reducing the time of implementation significantly. So, a significant portion is tied to R&D as well as scaling the go-to-market in different territories and in different segments. But the quick answer is, as I said earlier, there is some of that scale we are seeing in the mid-term, and we will see that come in. But I just wanted to reinforce the point that we continue -- and plan to continue to invest in broadening the portfolio, reducing friction of implementation and really go-to-market investments.
John Pitzer: Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. For my first one, I'm curious, Mark, how much does test intensity change as you move from 5 or 4 nanometers to 3-nanometers and get all around? And is this a step function in 2023 and then it stays flat in 2024, or is there a growth from 2023 to 2024? So just conceptually, how much does test intensity of complexity, whichever way you want to quantify it, change from 5, 4 nanometers to 3-nanometers and get all around?
Mark Jagiela: Okay. There's a couple of ways you can look at it. Maybe the economic way to look at it would just look at history a little bit. When we see a major node transition in the industry, you can see that the tester market, the ATE market and our revenue grows faster than, let's say, two years into a node. So economically, if you look at that sort of -- and you can see that in the charts we published with the earnings deck that shows the revenue trends against the trend line over time. Certain years or above the trend line, those tend to correlate to when new nodes get introduced. And the new nodes enable a big jump economically, a big jump in transistor count, and transistor count is what drives our business. More transistors means more test times, means more testers. But the last part of this is it takes a couple of years for a new node to reach its normalized volume. So in the first year of production, let's say, 3-nanometer next year, maybe 3-nanometer will grow to somewhere around 12% plus or minus of semiconductor revenue next year. Maybe it's 10%, maybe it's 13%, something like that. In 2024, it will continue to ramp and maybe it will represent closer to 20%, 25%. So we'll see a couple of years of benefit from 3-nanometer as it grows in its contribution to the overall revenue stream.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And for my follow-up, I'm curious, what is your current exposure to 5G modems? And how should we think about how it evolves from 2023, both from a unit and a content perspective?
Mark Jagiela: Modems are a strong area for us. The dynamics are changing a bit there because more and more cell phone manufacturers are starting to build their own modems. So there's been a disaggregation of that market. And by and large, that's a positive trend for us because the relative share position we have at, let's say, the established suppliers of modems was below our average share in the market. And our share at the disaggregated newcomers that are building their own modems is higher. So we look at that as a positive.
Vivek Arya: And is that contemplated in your 2024 outlook, or would that be incremental?
Mark Jagiela: It is complemented, yes.
Vivek Arya: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Timothy Arcuri: Hi. Thanks a lot. I'm wondering, Mark, can you break down the $4.8 billion SOC TAM in 2021 into the different segments, mobility and compute and autos and industrial and all those kind of things? And then also, can you give us some sense of if you assume the market is flat, which I'm going to ask you a follow-up, it's like hard to believe that the market would be just flat. But if you assume it is, can you talk about how you would see the mix shifting in 2022? And then I had a follow-up as well.
Mark Jagiela: Okay. I'll give you the numbers by the segments as we currently kind of see them today. And, of course, these are estimates for 2022 and 2021 for that matter. But the compute market, as an example, we think last year was about a $1.1 billion ATE market, and we think that's going to grow this year to about $1.3 billion. So there's growth in the compute segment. Mobility last year was about $2 billion. We think that will come down to $1.8 billion. Much of that is due to our concentrated area. Automotive and MCU, we think, is flat at about $0.5 billion year-over-year. Industrials down slightly probably, $600 million to $500 million. And then the service business will grow maybe $100 million from $600 million to $700 million.
Timothy Arcuri: Got it. Okay. Thanks. And then, I guess, I had a question just on -- I mean, having followed this industry for 25 years, the relationship, I mean, it doesn't hold true every year between WFE and tester market size. But some of maybe what you're seeing in the SOC market is because some of the WFE suppliers are struggling to get tools installed and whatnot. But once those tools get installed, you're going to have to test those chips. And if you compare the size of the SOC TAM to the size of the -- you compare non-memory to non-memory, you have a $60 billion to $65 billion non-memory WFE TAM this year. And if the SOC TAM is only $4.8 billion, I mean we've like never seen a ratio anywhere close to that low. So it would either say that the number this year has to be a lot higher, as that stuff gets installed or you make it up next year. Can you just sort of talk about that? I know that you guys look at those numbers, but it just seems sort of hard to believe that the ratio would be that low. Thanks.
Mark Jagiela: You're absolutely right. And the reason is kind of what you hinted at, is the time it's taking to bring up 3-nanometer is longer than traditionally it's taken to bring up a new node. We're kind of stretching it into a three-year window. So the tool -- a lot of the tools, by the way, have been put in place. Some are a little bit constrained by supply, but a lot of them have been put in place, but tuning the recipe, getting it ready for ramp, and then the cycle -- the process cycle time for the wafers themselves is longer. Once mass production switch turns on, it's incrementally longer to crank the wafers through the whole recipe than the prior node. So there is a throughput. So all of that kind of moves the impact of 3-nanometer to 2023. But the ratios that you talk about is why we've -- we look at this carefully, too, and our midterm earnings model has increased so significantly compared to a year ago, because all of this equipment going in to support this new technology is a bow-wave coming our way. And the only unfortunate thing is it's -- it didn't make it for 2022.
Timothy Arcuri: Got it. Okay. Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Atif Malik with Citi. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Atif Malik: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. Mark, as a follow-up to Tim's prior question about the WFE relation, given that you have a very low or almost no exposure to x86-related spending, which is a very big portion of WFE this year and next year, I mean, how should we think about your test growth? I mean, I think that correlation probably breaks down because you don't have a lot of exposure there and they're spending a ton of spending from government and whatnot. And then what about things like advanced packaging and heterogeneous compute, if you can talk about when the test attach rates become a meaningful driver for those end markets?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So there's, let's say, Teradyne's growth and the market growth to think about. And the x86 world for example, in 2022 was quite anemic whereas Teradyne's business was quite strong that year because of where we're concentrated and who -- which customers are tooling. So in 2022, the x86 world, I think, is going to be more robustly tooling than last year even. And we won't benefit much from that this year. So that, in fact, is a true dynamic. And then other things happening with advanced packaging and chiplets and all of that, those are moving, I would say, modestly into the market. They moved in cell phones a while ago, but in compute, that's something I think that we're probably not going to feel until 2024 maybe, 3 nanometer will come first and then the sort of more ubiquitous use of different kinds of advanced packaging will follow shortly thereafter. But the two things won't jump on top of each other just because the -- I think the yield concerns of two new technologies at once will keep them staggered.
Atif Malik: Great. And as a follow-up for Sanjay, is there any impact from supply constraints in your guidance for the March quarter as other suppliers have talked about getting hit from labor shortages and freight-related issues?
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. I'd say the supply impact in Q4, there's really no material supply impact on sales. But in Q1, I'd say we have about $30 million to $40 million worth of supply risk, which we've contemplated in our updated revenue guide. None of this will result in a share loss, it will just be pushed into Q2. But a little bit of commentary on the supply environment. Fundamentally, we see the supply tightening in 2022. Many more semiconductor players are going into formal allocation, which is incrementally -- indicate incremental tightness in the market in 2022. We were under the impression that in the second half of 2022 with the fab and substrate investments that the supply-demand dynamic would alleviate and the tightening with loosen. However, our view currently is that that's being pushed out to the first half of 2023, really based on the discussion with our supply chain partners. And so, while the fab and substrate capital is being deployed and increasing supply, we still see tightness over 2022.
Atif Malik: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go ahead. 
Toshiya Hari: Good morning. Thanks so much for taking the questions. I had two as well, one on the Semi Test side and the other on IA. Mark, I think in your prepared remarks, you talked about Eagle Test and sort of a platform growing 90% year-over-year. I think that's very consistent with some of the TAM numbers you just gave out in response to a prior question. I am just curious how you're thinking about Eagle Test in '22? When we listen to your customers talk about their CapEx intentions, not only in wafer processing, but also in test, the posture is really aggressive, right, whether it be TI or SD or microchip, I mean a long list of customers. Just curious how you're thinking about Eagle Test and why is your TAM estimate flattish year-over-year?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So there's a couple of things going on there. So the Eagle Test product and the thing that we usually talk about, called automotive, tends to be more the traditional power-related semiconductor content in an automobile. And so as the supply chain needed to be replenished last year and automobile production started to come back up, a lot of the traditional airbag control, antilock brake control, all of those things drove Eagle demand. And we think this year for Eagle, for those kind of devices will be similar to what it was last year, so not growth. And as I said, the market as well, not growth. However, there's another thing that we're having a harder time classifying is automotive, which is the digital content of automobiles. We tend to put that at the moment in the compute market. And those advanced controllers are something that is more targeted and put on our UltraFLEX platform. So we are expecting to see some growth there for applications, automotive applications, their digital content. But for the moment, at least, because it's somewhat nascent and growing, it's bucketed in compute.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. Thank you for that. And then as my follow-up on the IA side, I guess I'm curious, why wouldn't this business grow faster in the near-term. I realize you've got supply constraints. But when you think about the business on a three to five-year basis, 40-ish percent growth is certainly not bad growth. But given the penetration rate of cobots that you guys have talked about, the labor shortages, with wage inflation, I'm guessing payback periods are shorter. So from a user perspective, I feel like it's a no-brainer, particularly with COVID and all these things going on. So is it manufacturing capacity? Is it distribution? I think in the past, you guys have talked about getting the word out is kind of an important dynamic as you grow that business. But why wouldn't this grow 60%, 70%, 80% as opposed to 35%, 40%? Thank you.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. That is the million-dollar question that I ask every day and -- because you're absolutely right. The dynamics are there. The ROI is there. Everything is there. The biggest obstacle to sort of faster growth is the unfortunate fact that to deploy a cobot takes a human and it takes a skilled human, a technician, today to spend some number of weeks depending on the application, putting it into production. And therefore, we're somewhat constrained by the same labor supply issues that all global industry is experiencing. We're growing that 30-plus percent a year, that army. It's not an army that we ourselves hire as much as it's an army that our distribution partners hire, and they are. But there's some practical limitation on how quickly they can hire and train. So the way out of this bottleneck is to make that deployment time quicker and quicker and quicker, which is why we are actually growing faster than we're growing the human fleet of people to install these things. So we've got to widen that gap. We have to get -- to grow 50% only takes 10% more people, for example, in the applications deployment space. But that's the biggest single thing and we're working on that. We're planning though. In the model we presented here, growing – continuing to grow at this sort of 30% to 45% rate through 2024, we're assuming that every year we're going to make progress on that efficiency.
Toshiya Hari: Very helpful. Thanks Mark.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse with Evercore. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
C.J. Muse: Good morning. Thank you for taking the question. I guess, first question, Mark, if I go back to your commentary three, four months ago, it certainly sounded like the breadth of spending at your largest customer, combined with diversification and share gains elsewhere at new ARM-based emerging players, gave you the confidence that even if your top customer were to decline in 2022 that you'd still be well-positioned. But now you're guiding to an SOC test market relative to advanced test that is $700 million lower, you told us that your largest customer was 19%, which is about $700 million. So are you basically telling us that you're taking your largest customer to zero this year? And I guess why would that change so dramatically in the last three to four months? I think that it was widely known that 3-nanometer was going to be a very small node in 2022, much larger in 2023. So curious what really has changed in the last three to four months in your view?
Mark Jagiela: Well, I think the -- certainly, the macro number around how much our largest customer represents his revenue last year is right, around $700 million at 19% of revenue. No, it's not going to zero. It's going to probably be below 10%. So the magnitude, I think, that the change that has occurred represents is larger than we would have expected. And I think that the transparency -- and even now, the amount of visibility into what that will be is still vague. So it's not something that we typically get full confirmation of it until April of this year, so to speak. So we're working on the most recent inputs that we've received. And I think they're fundamentally -- as I've said in the past, there's always multiple scenarios in flight with the area we're concentrated in as to how the year can play out. And there's a range of forecasts that we get that get updated along the way. And those can swing dramatically as they've done this time. So I don't have any more insight than that or anything that I think is prudent to share around what changed with that large account. But I do think if you go from $700 million below 10%-ish probably this year, that's a big portion of the delta between perhaps what Advantest is guiding and we're guiding. And then we're down into 5% difference on a forecast for the year. And it could be either way, it could be either way. I don't think there's a lot of precision in that on our side or theirs, but I think we're pretty close.
C.J. Muse: Very, very helpful. I guess my follow-up question on your target model. You're talking about test revenues growing at a 7% to 11% CAGR. I'm assuming that that's your underlying growth rate for SemiTest. And if I make that assumption, then your System Test plus LitePoint plus HDD revenues essentially are like down $200 million in three years' time. So I guess, are you assuming a slower, kind of, growth CAGR for SemiTest, or is there something else going on in kind of the other bucket?
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. It's Sanjay here. So yes. So overall test is growing 7% to 11%. Obviously, Semi Test is the largest component of our test portfolio. But think of our other businesses as growing marginally in test marginally at the same level or marginally a little bit higher.
C.J. Muse: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar with Cowen & Company. Your line is open. Please go ahead. 
Krish Sankar: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I had 2 of them. Mark, thanks for the color on the SOC market size by segment. You mentioned that compute should grow to about $1.3 billion from $1.1 billion last year. I'm just kind of curious, if you can help give a little more color on that on the split between x86 and non-x86. And as one of the large US IDMs start doing more foundry business, is that an opportunity where they would start looking at outside platforms versus in-house-designed SOC testers? And then I have a follow-up.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. I wouldn't attribute it all to x86. We use that as shorthand sometimes in these conversations, but there's other areas like graphics, chips and FPGAs that are also part of that compute thing that are growing this year. So the collection of x86 plus graphics and FPGAs would be the driver of that. What was the second part of the question?
Andy Blanchard: Foundry.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So the thing is, I do believe -- there's no doubt that if a company is getting into the foundry business, they're going to have to accommodate external test platforms. The only thing is that, just because there's a new foundry player doesn't -- it sort of doesn't change the overall global market. They're just stealing share from some other foundry who would also buy commercial test equipment. The real question is for their internal product development, will they shift to commercial equipment where today they use in-house equipment. And that -- let's wait and see. It's -- we're not assuming that in any of our midterm plans. So this plan through 2024 does not assume any of that. But you can imagine that the cost of continuing to invest in that is high. And the rate of the roadmap change now for x86 manufacturers is quite high. It used to be a very slow predictable cadence. And now the competition is heated up, and it's fast and furious, it's harder and harder for the internal tester group to keep up with that. So we don't assume to happen, but I think the cards are sort of played in a way that suggests, it's probably going to happen, maybe not by '24, but certainly out in the next 4 or 5 years. That would be my bet.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Fair enough. Fair enough. Super helpful. And then just a quick follow-up, maybe a 2-part question, if I can. On the IA side, if throughput issue for you when as the industrial robotic folks start getting into down the tail or it seems like they might be faster than the cobot, is that an issue from your vantage point? And then just a quick follow-up is, I think advances when they talk about SOC market, they include services in it. You guys do not. So, is that a way of what you think services would be this year versus last year? Maybe this can explain a couple of hundred million dollar difference maybe?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So first, on the speed of the robot question. Yes, traditional industrial robots tend to have much faster cycle times. They can pick and move and place things at a lightning speed. That's partly why they're dangerous, partly why they're in cages. They're kept away from people. And those products have been around for decades, frankly, decades. Collaborative robots is really opening up a whole new application space where those 20-year-old fast products couldn't perform for some reason, either because the cost of isolating them from humans was too high or the flexibility that they had in terms of repeatability and such wasn't good enough or the time to change over for a higher mix environment was onerous. If it's picking up one thing and moving one thing 1,000 times a minute for years, it's the right solution and it's been solved. So, co-bots is a brand new thing. It's -- all the places those things didn't make sense that we're opening up with co-bots. And I think that's what's exciting. So, I don't think there's any news there. And your last question was service in the TAM, yes. I think we estimated somewhere in the $600 million to $700 million range. I frankly don't know what Advantest estimates on that, but it's probably close.
Krish Sankar: Thanks Mark.
Andy Blanchard: And operator, we have time for just one more question, please.
Operator: All right. Then our last question will come from the line of Brian Chin with Stifel. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Brian Chin: Hi, good morning. Thanks for squeezing us in. I'm just ask a few questions. I guess, first, on the Semi Test side, on a quarterly basis, Mark, it looks like the year-over-year declines might bottom out in 2Q and certainly first half. But I guess, off this lower first half revenue base, has it been unfair to expect unit seasonality, or do you think a typical sort of 52%, 48% first half, second half relationship still applies given sort of your views for the TAM this year?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. The second -- we've proven in the last two years that we're not good forecasting the second half of the year. But because of this abnormality in the first half, I would expect on average that you're going to see a little more of a second half weighting because we kind of have this a little bit of an abnormal hole in the first. So, it wouldn't be a typical year, they're probably be a little more back weighted.
Brian Chin: Okay. So, not even level set but maybe even a stronger bias to second half.
Mark Jagiela: Yes.
Brian Chin: Okay. Interesting. And I guess on the Industrial Automation side, based on your commentary, there's constraints and I'd imagine you expect year-over-year growth to slow near term but accelerate moving across the year. Can you give us a sense of the magnitude of revenue impact this is creating in first half? And do you view that demand as perishable or shifting to second half?
Sanjay Mehta: Brian, are you asking a question about supply?
Brian Chin: Well, it's supply -- the overlay of supply constraints against the demand profile you see in Industrial Automation. It sounds like there was a talk of some constraints or even severe constraints in first half in that business. And so I'm kind of wondering what that revenue impact then is and also if it just shifts to the second half or if it's perishable.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes, so demand is quite strong and in Q1, out of the $30 million to $40 million I noted, about $10 million of it is tied to IA. And really just given the allocation for Q2, our commentary in my prepared remarks, it had a little bit of the impact there. So it's true we are seeing some supply impact in the first half. But I would say that from a first half, second half, we do expect demand in and revenue in the second half for IA to be larger than the first half.
Brian Chin: Okay. Great. Thanks, Sanjay.
Andy Blanchard: All right, folks. We are out of time. For those in the queue, I'll follow up with you off-line, and thanks for joining us, and we look forward to talking to you in the weeks ahead. Bye-bye.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Teradyne Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Andrew Blanchard. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.
Andrew Blanchard: Thank you, Patrice. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our CEO, Mark Jagiela and our CFO, Sanjay Mehta. Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for 2021's Third Quarter along with our outlooks for the Fourth Quarter. The press release containing our third quarter results was issued last evening. We are providing slides on the Investor page of the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion. Replays of this call will be available via the same page after the call ends. The matters that we discussed then will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor Statement contained in the earnings release, as well as our most recent SEC filings. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we'll make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We've posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures. We are appropriate on the investor page of the website. Looking ahead between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne expects to participate in technology or industrial-focused investor conferences hosted by Baird, Credit Suisse, Davidson, and UBS. Now let's get over to the rest of the agenda. First, Mark will comment on our recent result, current market conditions, and thoughts on the rest of 2021 and 2022. Sanjay will then offer more details on our quarterly results along with our guidance for the fourth quarter. We'll then answer your questions and this call is scheduled for one hour. Mark?
Mark Jagiela: Thanks, Andy. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. Today I will cover 4 topics, the highlights of our third quarter and the first 9 months of the year, the changes we're observing in the SOC test market, our outlook for the industrial automation market, and how we're thinking about the tests and automation markets as we close out this year and look into 2022 and beyond. As our Q3 results demonstrate, demand remains strong across all of our businesses. At the Company level, Q3 sales grew 16% from last year's record Q3 and non-GAAP EPS grew 35%. We did experience increased supply chain bottlenecks in our Industrial Automation business in the quarter and under-shipped demand. Sanjay will describe this in more detail, but we expect these constraints to persist into Q4. Despite this for the first 9 months of 2021, Company-wide sales grew 19% and non-GAAP EPS grew 31% from the year-ago level. In each of our businesses, we are riding long-term secular trends that we expect will drive revenue and earnings growth for years to come and our test businesses, the unit growth, and complexity drivers to power these markets continue unabated. For example, our Semiconductor test business grew 18% through Q3, with SOC leading the charge, growing 22%. Sales continued to be dominated by our UltraFLEX product line, which is well aligned to the performance requirements of the growing compute and mobility markets. Additionally, sales of our Eagle Test Systems more than doubled in the 9-month period as automotive and industrial test markets have also rapidly expanded. Eagle's unique architecture hits the sweet spot in these markets by balancing high precision, with the stress testing needed for these demanding applications. Within SOC, there has been a clear shift this year to higher demand from the compute automotive and industrial markets. While mobility is still the largest subsegment of SOC and growing, it is dropped from the high 50% range of the SOC test market in recent years to the high 40% range this year. Over the mid-term, we expect mobility will remain the largest SOC submarket and continue to grow. But we also expect compute to grow at a faster rate while automotive should remain at its current elevated levels. For the last decade or so, mobility has made rapid annual advances in semiconductor complexity that has enabled the advancement of smartphone sophistication. The refresh pace has been much faster than traditional PCs, graphics, automotive, and industrial end markets, leading to smartphone [Indiscernible] rapidly progressing along the complexity scale. This is true in many areas of smartphone silicate, apps processor compute engines, graphics engines, AI engines, image sensors, power management, and more. Our leading position in testing these key technologies has driven our growth. At the same time up until recently, the traditional compute testing market has been relatively flat, was slower refresh rates and slower complexity growth. However, the groundwork laid by mobility designs, combined with advancing lithography nodes and design tools has enabled new entrants into the chip design space for compute engines. The complexity of these chips, whether for laptops, servers, autonomous driving, AI, or graphics is incredible and advancing at an accelerated rate. For example, laptop CPUs are now crossing the 3 billion transistor level, which is a hugely over previous legacy designs. As we've said in the past, increased transistor counts drives increased test time and increased tester demand. We've seen that this year and there's more to come. We're targeting this expanding collection of new players and new designs leaning heavily into our UltraFLEX families hardware performance and time-to-market advantages of our software. We've been adding new design wins every quarter, and while development pipelines can be long and these new designs can be speculative, we're confident we'll see growing production business from these wins in the future. It's also notable that the traditional chip suppliers in these markets aren't standing still. They are doubling down on their advanced designs too, which collectively driving WFE investments higher as applications expand and competition heats up. We expect this race to lead the higher test times. And given the higher performance and faster designed to market cycle times, more share gain opportunities for Teradyne over the mid-term. Our System Test segment last year -- sorry, our System Test segment year-to-date sales grew 11% from 2020 and storage kept continued its multi-year growth trajectory expanding sales 12% in the same period. Higher capacity HDDs and more complex SOC devices, which required system level test, are driving this demand. Both trends are expected to continue into the foreseeable future. At LitePoint, sales were up 24% through 9 months compared with 2020 driven by WiFi 60 production, WiFi 7 R&D demand, as well as ultra-wide band. More connected devices demanding more bandwidth while managing growing congestion, drive complexity increases in each new WiFi standard and more tests. UWB on the other hand has a whole new wireless standard and application space. It's a new proximity detection wireless technology with a future of many promising security applications. We expect these trends to continue and to provide a long-term tailwind to our Wireless Test business. Shifting to Industrial Automation, Universal Robots revenue grew 50% for -- through the first 9 months of the year, while MiR grew 40% despite supply chain challenges. Each has a unique story. At UR, it's a combination of increasing sales for existing tasks and the expanding number of UR+ offerings, making it easier for customers to deploy our robots to do new applications. We highlighted welding in our last call, but other examples include, screw driving and palletizing. The UR+ ecosystem is key to expanding these tasks and now totals over 360 products created by over 300 partners both riding on and broadening the co-tails of our UR platform. This is a key advantage and the combination of our organic investments and our UR+ and OEM partners are in the dollars and creativity, that's going into expanding the UR platform and it's unmatched. At MiR, the story is about new products. The MiR250 which was introduced just as COVID hit last March of last year, is now our largest seller by far. This year, we added the MiR Hook to the MiR250 family to expanded applications into tugging. We've introduced higher payload products such as the MiR600 and MiR1315 to expand our footprint in the fast-growing logistics market. Unfortunately, with all this good news come supply chain issues that will limit IA growth in 2021 to be between 30% to 40% year-on-year but demand is strong. The long-term outlook in IA remains very bright. Looking at the capabilities of UR robots, today, we estimate the penetration rate is less than 2% of the serviceable market. UR's approximate 45% market share, puts us clearly in the lead and we continue to drive R& D and distribution investments to extend our competitive advantages, expand the serviceable market, and drive penetration higher. It's a similar story at MiR, where we estimate the autonomous mobile robot penetration is under 3%. The AMR market doesn't have a single dominant player like UR robots and we estimate we're close to number 2 in the broadly defined market. And like at UR, we're making investments in both the distribution and product level to both reinforce our advantages and extend our product reach. In both IA businesses, the fact that our penetration of today's serviceable market is low single-digits and that the serviceable market continues to expand each year with product enhancements, sets up a fantastic future. Even with very high growth rates in our IA business, we expect the penetration rates to remain low for many years sustaining our long-term annual growth forecast of 20% to 35%. In January, we will update you on the outlook for 2022 and our mid-term earnings model. Between now and then, we'll be looking at the rate and timing of new semiconductor fab capacity coming online, especially at the more advanced lithography nodes. And we'll also be looking at the rate of adoption of DDR5 as key swing factors. In IA, we will be looking at the manufacturing output expansion, onshoring trends, and PMIs in our principal geographies as tailwinds for continued robust growth. On the other hand, in both markets, supply chain bottlenecks could slow certain industries and become a headwind to growth demand. Short-term demand is influenced by many factors, but we manage our business aligned to the long-term trends. The trend of growing prevalence of increasingly complex semiconductors and a myriad of applications drives our semiconductor business and investments. The trend of new, increasingly smart, cost effective automation in a world with labor scarcity and on-shoring challenges drives our high business and investment strategy. These systemic long-term trends paid an exciting future for Teradyne. With that, I will turn it over to Sanjay.
Sanjay Mehta: Thanks, Mark and hello, everyone. In my remarks, I will review our Q3 financial results, discuss our Supply line strategy in this challenging environment, provide Q4 guidance, and comment on our full-year financial outlook at the midpoint of our Q4 guidance. To the financial headlines for Q3. Our third quarter sales were $951 million was -- near the high end of guidance driven by strength and semi test and wireless test. Gross margin in the quarter was approximately 60%. Our non-GAAP operating expenses were $242 million or 25.5% of revenue. The favorability in OpEx drove a non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 35% and non-GAAP EPS of $1.59. A few more components of third quarter data. Our tax rate excluding these 3 items was 14.8% on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis. Non-GAAP diluted share count was approximately 176 million. We had 2 10% customers. Looking at the results from a business unit perspective, Semi Test revenue of $688 million was up 16% from Q3 '20. SOC revenue was $575 million up 28% driven by strength in applications processors, RF, industrial, and automotive applications. Automotive and industrial doubled revenue year-over-year. Memory revenue was the second highest in history at $113 million, but down 21% from Q3 of last year's record. Flash final test demand was the strongest segment on handset and SSD end market demand. System Test group had revenue of a $103 million, which was down 13% year-over-year. Recall storage is the largest business in this segment and has lumpy shipments. While storage test will still grow more than 15% for the year, sales including HDD and SLT declined to $56 million on the timing of shipments in Q3. Defense and aerospace and production board test combined grew 10% year-on-year to $47 million. At LitePoint, revenue of $69 million was up 70% from prior year due to early success of our new WiFi 7 product, continued strength and 4G cellular and UWB. Now to Industrial Automation. As in July, given COVID shutdowns that impaired the UR business in 2020, I will provide revenue metrics comparing Q3 '21 results with both Q3 '20 and Q3 '19. Industrial Automation revenue of $91 million was up 32% from both Q3 '19 and Q3 '20. North America delivered the highest revenue growth from last year, but all regions expanded year-on-year. As Mark noted, supply issues, primarily semiconductors, reduced our IA shipments in the quarter. UR sales were $78 million in Q3, up 46% year-over-year, and 31% over Q3 '19. MiR sales were $13 million up 27% from Q3 '20 and 35% from Q3 '19. IA was about breakeven in the quarter and full -- breakeven quarter and full-year, we expect low single-digit profitability. As we've noted before, we continue our strategy of investing during this high growth era while maintaining gross margins to enable mid-20s operating profit in the future. Shifting to supply. We continue to deal with numerous supply constraints across the Company. While semiconductor shortages are well reported, we're also seeing delays in mechanical parts and logistics, all exacerbated by rolling COVID-related shutdowns or labor shortages. We expect these issues will continue through the first half of 2022. Despite these issues, we've been able to deliver record shipments and a big part of that performance as a result of the supply line management, operations teams, and engineering teams working with our supply chain and contract manufacturing partners. We view our operational business model and execution against it as a core competence. Our gross margin performance over the last 10 years displays the financial value of this model. In our Test portfolio, our execution has kept most of our Test or lead times within the range that meet customer's needs to expand their production capacity in this dynamic environment. The significance of this lead time performance is that customer orders more closely reflect through Test demand. So while a bit counterintuitive, we feel that maintaining short lead times are a more accurate indicator of Test demand with lower risk than holding orders with lead times far beyond ship manufacturing cycle times. Of course, our supply line and operations model isn't static. We begin in adding resiliency through both geographic and supplier diversity prior to COVID. Those efforts have accelerated over the last 20 months. This work is paying dividends in the current environment and we'll continue to invest to hardened our supply chain further. Our lead time performance as an example of our resilience and execution. Another example is the ability to scale to significantly increased demand. Auto and industrial sales have more than doubled year-over-year. While we're not perfectly aligned to all customer requested delivery dates, we are managing through delivery issues in a reasonable manner. The value of these efforts can also be seen in the operating leverage and our gross margin line. In IA, we've seen lead times extend from our normal 1 to 2 weeks to 4 to 6 weeks for some products. While this is challenged with the business growing so quickly and ongoing industry supply issues, we've already seen the positive impact of our work in material sourcing and manufacturing cycle times. We expect to bring lead times back to model over the next 2 to 3 quarters. Shifting to the balance sheet and cash flow. Our cash and marketable securities at the end of the quarter totaled $1.45 billion. We had $493 million in free cash flow in the quarter and through 9 months, we've spent a $103 million on capex, and we expect we'll spend a $148 million for the full year. We spent $210 million and $16 million on buybacks and dividends respectively. Year-to-date, we've repurchased 3.3 million shares for $406 million at an average price of $123.53. In 2021, we expect to return over 80% of our free cash flow to shareholders and from 2015 when we began repurchasing shares, we've returned 85% of our free cash flow to owners. Regarding our convertible debt, $302 million of principal was paid in the first 9 months to the convertible bondholders ahead of maturity. By mid-December, bondholders will have converted approximately $343 million, leaving a face value of $117 million. Now, to our outlook for Q4. Sales in Q4 are expected to be between $820 and $900 million with non-GAAP EPS in a range of $1.14 to $1.40 on a 174 million diluted shares. Fourth quarter guidance exclude the amortization of acquired intangibles and non-cash imputed interest on the convertible debt. Our guidance assumes no significant changes, positive or negative, in the availability of materials and assumes that we won't see additional pandemic-related issues. Fourth quarter gross margins are estimated at 59% to 60%, OpEx is expected to run at 28% to 31% of fourth quarter sales. The non-GAAP operating profit at the midpoint of our third quarter guidance is 30%. Regarding OpEx for the full year. We spent a bit lower than planned in Q3 and we expect the full-year OpEx will be about $980 million up 17% from 2020. At the midpoint of our guidance, 2021 will be another year of growth in both revenue and EPS, while sales growing -- with sales growing 18% to $3.7 billion and non-GAAP EPS growing to $5.88 up 27%. Gross margin for the full year should be approximately 59.5% up from 57.2% in 2020, reflecting the ramp of new products, product mix and operating leverage, offsetting component, and logistics cost increases. Our 2021 non-GAAP operating profit rate is expected to be about 33%, up from last year's 30%. Our full-year tax rate is expected to be 14.8% These results put us comfortably in the range of our 2024 earnings model this year. We'll update the model on our regular cadence in January. The breadth of our customer buying in 2021 is also broader than last year. In 2020, we had one customer that drove 25% of sales. In 2021, we do not expect to have any customer larger than 20% of our yearly revenue. This reflects the trend Mark noted about 2021's higher growth in compute, auto and industrial demand compared with mobility demand and semi-test. IA growth of over 30% year-over-year continues to diversify our revenue. This growth is expected to continue over the midterm and become a larger portion of our revenue. In summary, we expect to end the year with another quarter of strong year-on-year revenue and EPS growth. On a full-year basis, we'll exceed our mid-term targets on stronger-than-expected demand on our test businesses, continued high-growth in IA, and excellent execution across the Company. While we don't have a clear picture of 2022 yet, we're confident with the long-term industry trend powering our test and IA businesses remain firmly in place. With that, I'll turn the call back to Andy.
Andrew Blanchard: Thanks, Sanjay. Patrice (ph) would now like to take some questions and as a reminder, please limit yourself to 1 question and a follow-up.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Please stand by while we compile the Q&A roster. Your first question comes from Atif Malik with Citi.
Atif Malik: Hi, thanks for taking my questions and good job in the tough supply environment. Mark, if I look at some of the recent ARM-based notebook processor, the transistor count is growing 2 to 4 times versus prior-generation. You commented mobility to grow and compute auto analog to grow faster than mobility in the mid-term. Understand you guys on January talk about next year outlook in January, how confident do you feel about your SSE growth the next year?
Mark Jagiela: While I think -- at this point, pretty confident. We look at the trends that I just -- you cited and I cited and see that there's very little standing in the way of this increased growth, but the caveat, I would mention is there's a lot of supply chain bottlenecks in the system. With end product get bottlenecked, that can slow down the unit volume demand for new semiconductors. And then the other thing we're looking at is when do these new nodes really come online in terms of capacity. All that $90 billion of WFE that was put in place this year hasn't yet, had a single impact on test. That's all to come. But it depends on when do those
Sanjay Mehta: additional 5 and 3 nanometer fabs come online. That is a kind of a big swing factor in the calendar year 2022 as to how our growth will chunk out and that's why we wait till January because we don't get a good enough visibility on that right now.
Atif Malik: Great. And Sanjay, as a follow-up, can you talk about concentration within mobility and compute customer on impact on long-term gross margins? There have been talked about price discounts with equipment suppliers by Tier 1 foundry.
Sanjay Mehta: As I stated in my prepared remarks, we won't have any customer above 20%, so it's a broader breadth of customers. And regarding gross margins, in -- throughout the year, we've improved gross margins. And as I said in earlier calls, really driven by a couple of key test systems coming online and we're shipping in volume that have come down the cost curve. We've seen some benefits to product mix shift, as well as our operating leverage offsetting the component cost and logistic cost increases. From a look forward sustainability of that gross margin, obviously, we will give an update to our earnings model in January. But I see the second half of our gross margin performance kind of going into the first half of 2022.
Atif Malik: Great, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mehdi Hosseini with FIG.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes, sir. Thanks for taking my question. The first one has to do with your largest customer given your commentary in terms of revenue mix. It seems to me that that particular customer is going to be down 5% to 6%. And in that context, should we assume a return to growth in '22? And this is a trend that has happened over the past several years and should that happen again -- should that have -- hadn't happened again into '22? And I have a follow-up.
Mark Jagiela: We, of course, Mehdi, can't talk about any individual customer and what they might do or not do in the future so that I have to leave aside. But I just point out on your first point, that yes, our largest customer's dropping below 20% in a growing revenue year. The amount that you might think compute that they're falling has to be taken against our numerator of higher revenue.
Mehdi Hosseini: Got it. Thank you. And then I wanted to follow-up to the question that came up 3 months ago when we were looking into your market share in the compute. Can you update us where you are with that market share in 2021? And as hyperscalers ramp their own ARM-based CPUs, how will your market share change over the next 1 or 2 years? Thank you.
Mark Jagiela: Well, like the total SOC market, year-to-year market share is very volatile. It depends on whose customers are buying what in any given year. What our market share might be in any given year, it can -- in a submarket, like, compute, it can swing 20 points year-to-year depending on who's buying. For this year, it tends to be a very good compute year for us. Our compute market shares up in, I would say, close to what our average share is in SOC this year. But I would say that it's not Steady Eddie. It's going to be pretty volatile year-to-year. It has been in the past that probably we'll be going forward to.
Mehdi Hosseini: I know we're supposed to ask only 2 questions, but just a quick follow up. I think what I'm trying to understand is on the GPU side, it's pretty clear that your competitor has dominated and assuming that that were to remain unchanged, I think the incremental change to the computers were all driven by ARM-based. And I was just trying to understand how you look at your competitive position as these new chips come into the market addressing the computer market.
Mark Jagiela: We're very pleased and confident with our progress in ARM-based compute and design-ins in that realm. But, I would say that it's not -- now there's -- the tester market for computes also driven by more traditional X86 demand as well. You've got a couple of suppliers there that are not standing still as I mentioned, and are up being there kind of complexity growth curve. And so there will be certainly a lot of growth there as well, I believe.
Mehdi Hosseini: Okay. Thank you. Thanks for the detail.
Operator: Your next question comes from Toshiya Hari, Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking the question and congrats on the strong execution. I had 2 questions as well. My first 1 is on the supply constraints, maybe for Mark, maybe for Sanjay. Just curious how significant the headwinds were for IA in Q3 and what's embedded in your Q4 guidance? If you can share that, that would be helpful. And just wanted to confirm that there was little to no impact on your Semi Test business. And then on gross margins, similarly, you came in at the high end of your guided range, but was there any impact on your profitability in the quarter from supply chain shortages? Thank you.
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. I'll take those. For an Industrial Automation perspective, year-to-date, we've grown 40% in IA and Q4 demand is high. If we can't supply at all, that's why we've -- and it's going to be growth year-on-year above 30% to 40%. And so predominantly, it's in semiconductors and expect we'll be out of the supply chain crunch given our visibility in Q2 or Q3 for IA. That's the IA side. And then from a supply chain perspective on the Test side, we've seen the supply chain tightening on the Test portfolio quarter-over-quarter where we don't think it's going to be abated until the end of Q2 of 2022. And again, mainly semiconductor parts. Really we see that coming back online in the second half really tied to the wafer and the substrate capacity coming online. And then, from a gross margin perspective, we've been managing through the component increases, logistics increases in cost, and we've -- as I've said earlier, we've had favorable product mix. And as our volumes or revenues are higher, we're gaining operating leverage along with coming down the cost curve of our new products that we've introduced late last year. We're managing through it and it's true well publicized component cost increases.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. That's super helpful. And then as my follow-up, Mark, I wanted to ask about your Eagle Test business. In your prepared remarks, you noted that the business is up more than 2x year-to-date. Historically, like many other parts of your business, I think Eagle Test has been quite cyclical. You would be up for a year, year-and-a-half, 4 to 6 quarters, and then down a little bit as customers digest their test capacity. Based on what you said, it seem like you're expecting 2022 to be another strong year. The question is, what's different this time? As you think about the Eagle Test into 22, I realize there's complexity growth, but you could argue those been complexity growth for a very long time. So just curious on how different this cycle could be relative to past cycles. Thank you.
Mark Jagiela: Right good question. And in addition, automobile unit volume isn't near its historical peak either so how could this thing keep going beyond the normal 6-quarter surge in automotive, which is you're right again, that's the traditional pattern. But I think what we see happening and makes us believe this will persist at least through 2022 is there's a lot of silicon refresh going on that's new in the automotive space, new kind of racing to get new more current generation lithography nodes, silicon and automotive designed. Because the legacy lines out there are hard to get at, chip suppliers are trying to obsolete those fabs. And so the automotive customers don't have as much, I would say, power in this frothy demand environment on the semiconductor supply side. And so the semiconductor suppliers are saying get with the program, move to more advanced nodes. And a little bit of that's happening, which is what? That means complexity, yield issues, and that means a little more test than you might expect, and I think that's what's giving us a different view this time.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Pitzer, Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Good morning, guys. Thanks for me asking questions. Congratulations on the solid results. Mark, I want to go back to increasing test times in the Semi-test business. You've done a good job helping us understand complexity and transistor count. I'm curious as we move from a world of general purpose compute to one of more optimized silicon, you're going to move from a world where you're testing huge volumes in one device to smaller volumes across multiple devices. What does that do for test efficiency at your customers and enhance test times as that trend takes hold?
Mark Jagiela: It is a -- building let's say, 100 billion transistors on 1 chip versus 4, to give an example, isn't equivalent test sign. The 4 chip version is likely to -- these are going to be rough rules of thumb, but let's say 25% more test intensive than the single chip design, because there is a premium on known good die testing to, when you put those together in an advanced package. And then the advanced package itself has more potential defect failure modes that need to be tested. So that's one thing around the whole chip lit multi-chip package thing. The other thing though that's happening, and this is really going to become prevalent at 3 nanometer and beyond is the move from FinFET to Gate-All-Around transistor architectures. And if you remember when the world moved from planar to FinFET, it was back in 2012, '13, '14 era, that drove if you go back and look at the history of the test market, that drove incremental test intensity and complexity in the market. And we're headed for another one of those with Gate-All-Around. There's going to be this new defect modes, new kind of test intensity boosts coming from this new architecture on the transistors. So even at equivalent transistor counts, we're going to see a little bit more test intensity because of that. So these two trends have chip lifts and gate all around and three nanometer. That's probably all of 2023 and beyond story given where three nanometer is right now. But it's coming.
John Pitzer: That's helpful and this is my second question, Mark. Just going back to your largest customer, I'm kind of curious if you can help me better understand the diversity of business with that customer. Clearly, it's been mobility led for the last several years and now, you've got them doing more in the compute space you've talked about in the past, the complexity around these Airtags. Are you seeing a meaningful diversification of demand drivers at that customer? And can you help me because I just don't know, how fungible is your -- is their test capacity across those different product families?
Mark Jagiela: I'm not going to be able to talk too much about the breadth there. I think you can imagine it. You've rattled off some examples. In terms of fungibility, they're pretty fungible, the testers, across what's used for a compute engine in a phone versus a compute engine in a laptop or a desktop or anything else. The one that's a little bit unique is when you get into things like the RF type products, of course have a bit of a different architecture. Power management type products have a bit of a different architecture. Those testers tend to be a little more unique. But we talked about in the past that I think people have looked at us and said, well, in a world where cell phones are plateauing doesn't that -- unit growth of cellphones, doesn't that pertain some kind of slowing for us? And what we've always said is that look, cellphone unit growth can slow, complexity isn't, and some of these customers are diversifying into more silicon both in the phone and now more silicon outside the phone into compute. There are these emerging hyperscalers that are building silicon for both cloud computing and other new yet to be introduced consumer products. The ability of a design team today to be formed and put together a 10 billion plus transistor chip for a consumer application is easier. And as I said in my script, we worked with a lot of them. Maybe a small fraction of them will be hits in the future., but they can bring entirely new classes of semiconductor -- high compute engine semiconductor applications to the market. And all of those are UltraFLEX, UltraFLEXplus family devices.
John Pitzer: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from C.J. Muse of Evercore.
C.J. Muse: Good morning. Thank you for taking the question. I guess Mark another technology question. You taught us to think about transistor count and thinking about test times or for mobility compute. And curious as we go to more high-performance compute where there are more thermal issues, perhaps more complex software algorithms, how should we be thinking about the test times in that transition?
Mark Jagiela: Well, I think the test times have less to do with the application. The only place where the application drives really fundamentally different test times is automotive because of the issues there. It's more of the technology. So I'll go back to C.J., what I said before about 3 nanometer is going to be more impactful to both test times in phones and in computers and in servers and in graphics and in everything else. Probably then any of those end market applications.
C.J. Muse: Okay, that's helpful. And Sanjay question for you. Clearly, you're making investments, particularly in IA. But as you look to 2022, can you speak to your outlook for operating leverage? And as part of that, how we should think about OpEx relative to topline growth? Thank you.
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. I'd say we're in the early innings of looking at 2022 and obviously, we'll provide an update in January. But OpEx is growing in a couple of key areas this year, obviously tied to higher volume. We have variable compensation as well as engineering expense tied to our operations to qualify new suppliers, etc. And then we continue to invest in both go-to-market and engineering across the Test portfolio. And as you noted, we're leaning in, obviously into -- as I note on our prepared remarks, we're leaning into our IA investment really to help drive going forward. The other component is the G&A expenses going forward. This was a big year of OpEx growth. The only thing I'd say is that next year is we're not going to be as large percentage-wise growth, but that's really all I have to say on it right now.
C.J. Muse: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Timothy Arcuri, UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Mark, I just wanted to see if you could update us on the SOC TAM. You had said 4, 5 last call in the segments of that was compute was about a billion, mobility was 18 to 185, autos were about 500, industrial was 550. I'm just wondering if you can update us on those numbers?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. Good question. Fundamentally, it's in the same range. It's probably trending more up towards the higher-end of that range so I think the numbers, the sub-markets you got right on what we talked about last time. Maybe compute is driving us a little bit higher in that range this -- at this point in time but it's pretty close. The memory is still at about a $1 billion term as well.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay, great. And then I guess I had a question but just on profitability and IA. I know, Sanjay, you just answered a question about operating leverage next year. But what's the catalyst maybe? This time last year we were thinking I would be 10% to 15% off margin and then it got cut to 10 and then went to 5 and now it's low single-digits. And I get that the penetration there is very low, but what's the catalyst for you to look at maybe we shouldn't be investing so much money and maybe we can optimize OpEx investments? So I guess, I'm just wondering how you think about what's going on in IA and what the long-term profitability target is? Thanks.
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah. So our range, as we've said prior is 5% to 15%, and we expect to be low single-digit as I said in my prepared remarks. But really how we think about it is we manage the business on a think about it as a rule of 40, combining the year-over-year growth with the operating profit. And fundamentally, we're -- as we see or as has been noted by Mark, where penetration is very, very low. And we look at all the jobs that can be automated and the scarcity of labor and economic growth, we really see a strong tailwind for the portfolio. And with that, we are very focused and conscious on both engineering and go-to-market investments. And so how we think about it is quite simple. And that is where we have a strong belief that we're going to grow and it's going to accelerate that revenue growth. We're going to lean into the investment. And again, think about it on the Rule of 40. And as I said in my prepared remarks, our gross margins are actually improving in that portfolio. And so when we see that growth start to moderate, then we'll start to moderate the OpEx to get to an operating profit of let's say in the mid-20s.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay, Sanjay. Thank you
Operator: Your next question comes from Vivek Arya, Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my questions. Mark, this move to 3 nanometer, is that a benefit for Teradyne in '22 or '23? I thought it would be '22, but I wanted to confirm. And following on for that, what are the top 1 or 2 end markets that you are the most excited about in terms of growth for next year?
Mark Jagiela: On the 3 nanometer question that was one of the things I mentioned that we'll be looking at carefully between now and January when we update you on the 2022 view. And we've seen some push outs on some of those nodes for -- by a few months so the ability to intercept them in a meaningful way in Q -- I'm sorry, in 2022, is a swing factor. We don't see that exactly yet, but whatever happens in 2022, it might get some early ramping but the bulk of it is going to be 2023, '24, '25 and beyond. A little bit could happen in '22, how much we won't know more until January. In terms of markets next year that are interesting and exciting, I think it goes back to these emergent hyperscalers that are developing some new applications and very complex silicon for those new applications.
Sanjay Mehta: Some of those could latch in the market with new product introduction and drive a whole new demand stream for semiconductors and the testers associated with them. That's what we're rooting for and what we're close to. And we're seeing could be breakouts for 2022.
Vivek Arya: Got it. Very helpful. And maybe just following up on that. Is there a way, Mark, to contrast the additional complexity in a product that's going into a hyperscaler application versus the mobility application? I understand by sizes might be different than packaging, etc., might be different. But in conceptually, what does the mix shift from in more mobility heavy end market to something that is taking you more into the compute on hyperscaler land mean for Teradyne in terms of your growth prospects? And also, just the seasonality because mobility tend to be a lot more seasonal markets, those other markets are perhaps less seasonal. What does that mix shift mean for Teradyne over the long term?
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, that's good question. And the range of devices being developed at hyperscalers is quite large. Some of them are simpler than a classic cell phone device apps processor in a cell phone. Those aren't going to have much of an impact even if they latch, but some of them there are more. I would say, leverage AI, machine-learning and high res displays are equal to or greater complexity than what you might find in a typical cellphone application for those technologies so it's a broad spectrum, as I guess the bottom line. But if you play it out, I'd say the hyperscalers are going to on average bring cellphone-like complexity applications to the market. It's probably not going to be something that's -- a lot -- take the 50 billion transistor device, that surprised everybody. It's probably not at that extreme. It's probably more on the 10 billion transistor range on average and then moving up year-over-year-over-year after that as they iterate on the design.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Krish Sankar with Cowen and Company.
Krish Sankar: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I have two of them. Just want to ask the 3 nanometer question in a different way. You spoke about how test investments have to catch up to front-end WFE spending. But during the 3D NAND Mcklin cycle, WFE grew in 2016 and '17, while the Memory Test spending came in 2018 in a meaningful way. So if I rephrase how should we think about the timelines effect of test to front-end foundry logic WFE this time around?
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, good questions. All of the WFE investment gets recognized before -- of single testers associated with that investment. The way to think about test is whenever you see some silicon coming off a new node, assume that the testers were installed maybe 3 months or so prior to that. Once a 3 nanometer fab comes online and you start to see product coming off a bit in reasonable volume more than pilot line volume, assume that the tester installations occurred about 3 months prior. That's the best guidance I can give you there. And then the only other thing I would caution about memory versus SOC is that the curve of test time to bit -- to transistor count, is not the same in memory as it is on SOC. Memory tends to be a bit more efficient for reasons I won't get into here. So you can double transistors and memory, and you're not going to probably move test time more than 20%, 30% or so, let's say, whereas in SOC it's not quite linear, but it's closer.
Krish Sankar: Got it. That's very helpful, Mark. We had a follow-up for Sanjay on gross margins. Despite the constrained environment, gross margins have stepped up about 200+ basis points over the last 4 quarters or so to a 59% - 60% range. Is this kind of the new baseline we should assume at these revenue run rates? Thank you.
Sanjay Mehta: I think I've talked about that earlier. We're going through our strategic planning process in Q4 and it's really the basis of our earnings model update in January. As I've said, just having some visibility into the first half of next year, I think you should expect to see that gross margin be similar in the first half of next year, as we have in the second half of 2021 from -- and so there's many different variables in there. I noted that we've been managing through the component and logistics cost increase. We've had good mix and come down the cost curve of our new products and gaining operating leverage. There's many variables in there that we're going to look at closely. And as our revenue gets more and more diversified, there's a lot of puts and takes, but we'll provide more guidance on that in the January call.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Thanks, Sanjay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Chin, Stifel.
Brian Chin: Hi there. Good morning. Nice results and thanks for letting us ask a few questions. Sorry, first to clarify something going back on the commentary. If you had more chips, you would be able to ship to an appreciably higher level of revenue in both the Semi Test and Industrial Automation businesses in Q4, did I hear that correctly?
Sanjay Mehta: In Industrial Automation percentage wise, we'd be able to ship more. In the Test portfolio, we think we're going to manage through the majority of the supply issues at this point.
Brian Chin: Okay. Great. And then interesting discussion here on 3 nanometer and a fulcrum event in terms of test intensity again at 3 nanometer or Gate-All-Around. Maybe a couple of questions as my follow-up. What is it about that, I know it probably is a longer form discussion, but in short form, what is it about 3 nanometer or 3 nanometer Gate-All-Around? Is it what the yield modeling suggests for lower yield rates there, compounded by die sizes, compared by transistors, or advanced packaging. Or is it also combination of the types of devices that you think that enables in terms of the intersection point of various customers, And they're chip road maps? Just want to get at that, and then like in bigger picture. It's the high-performance compute test cam is a little bit more secular, a little bit more growthy, if you've benchmark test growth, that sort of 4% to 8%. How much of a premium do you think we're looking at over the next several years in terms HPC TAM?
Mark Jagiela: Okay. There's a lot in there, Brian, so let me first of all take on 3 nanometer. The issues about 3 nanometer certainly enables more dense, more transistors per die. That's not what I'm talking about. That's a big driver of test in the future. That would absolutely be something that would give us a positive outlook for the next mid-term. There's the chip lit thing that we talked about where you have mixed nodes going into chips and then you need known good die testing and then the multi packaging needs and increasingly test intensity, that's not what I'm talking about, but that's real and that's there too. The thing that I'm talking about with 3 nanometer that's unique, let's say, is the change in the transistor architecture from FinFET to Gate-All-Around. That happens once per decade. Again, it happened with FinFET s earlier in the last decade. It's happening with Gate-All-Around here in the next few years. Those transitions, everything else being equal, introduce additional, typically failure modes that need more test methodologies to make sure the device is functioning correctly. And so, let's say, the average test time per transistor contend to be higher because of the additional verification needed related to that new architecture. Now, early in the architecture's life that tends to be higher as the architecture matures over time. That premium, let's say, comes down. So -- and the world doesn't shift to 3 nanometer in mass day one either. There's this bleeding up of certain devices using 3 nanometer that are highly test intensive. And more and more come online year-after-year. And then, the learning curve comes on. But net-net, again, if you look at the Test market from 20 -- 2000 to 2012, it had been a declining market in 2012 to now, it's been growing quite well in excess of 10%. Part of that is the parallel testing ameliorating that we've talked about. Part of it's the FinFET story that we've talked about and the growing transistor count. So we're at another one of those junctures with Gate-All-Around. Sorry, the HPC and --
Sanjay Mehta: Tested HPC higher or lower?
Mark Jagiela: Yeah. The high -- the growth rate in compute is certainly going to be at the higher end of our mix of submarkets we think over the mid-term. If you think the average market growth rate, we're going to update this in January, but pick a number is 8%. We think compute's probably leading that by at least a couple of points.
Brian Chin: Okay. Great. That's helpful. Thanks for all the color on that.
Andrew Blanchard: And Operator, we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Your final question comes from Sidney Ho Deutsche Bank.
Sidney Ho: Thanks for taking my question. I have two quick ones. The first one is, you talked about supply constraining -- constraint impact in your IA business. I'm just curious, the gross margin has been pretty good overall. You talked about offering a leverage [Indiscernible]. To the extent that your input cost of logistics and freight costs increase both in your Test and IA business, are you able to pass along some of those costs to your customers?
Sanjay Mehta: At this point, we've been managing through it so materially, no.
Sidney Ho: Okay. Maybe my follow-up question is lot of discussion on 3 nanometers today. But it's really an opportunity in 2023 and beyond. If you have look at next year, I know you're going to update us in January. How does it impact your tester business if a customer chooses to move from -- instead of going to 3 nanometer they go to a different generation of 5 nanometers, what is the tester reuse rate when you compare to two nodes between the 3 nanometers and the alternative?
Mark Jagiela: Yeah. The tester reuse, people will reuse 5-nanometer generation testers in the 3-nanometer era so a new tester is not required. And testers tend to have a useful life of a decade or more at a customer, and they can span usability across many, many nodes and many, many generations of devices. There's nothing in terms of a new tester here that comes with 3-nanometer. And yes, by and large, it's a 2023 and beyond type story. But absent that story, what we've been seeing for the past 10 years in Test, since 3-nanometer in 2022 is likely not going to be a huge event because of -- it's likely to be later in the year.
Mark Jagiela: People will still move down the complexity curve at 5 and 5+ nanometer nodes and increase transistor counts in such along that path. Even absent 3 nanometer, we have an optimistic view of what 2022 looks like. We'll probably start out the year similar to how we started out years in the past and at the beginning of the year with some modest growth in the first quarter and then it swings on what's going to happen over the summer, which is our peak quarters around the refreshes. Will those refreshes of silicon be in 3 nanometer? Will they be in 5+ with the traditional normal transistor count growth that we've seen for the past 10 years? Those are things that we have to get closer to next year to really understand.
Sidney Ho: Great. Thank you very much.
Mark Jagiela: Okay, everybody, we are out of time. Thanks so much for joining us today and those in the queue, I'll get back to you later today, and again, thanks, everyone, for joining.
Sanjay Mehta: Bye bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-28 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 2021 Teradyne Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is not -- this conference call will resume -- I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Andy Blanchard. 
Andrew Blanchard: Thank you, Phyllis. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our CEO, Mark Jagiela; and our CFO, Sanjay Mehta.
 Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for 2021's second quarter along with our outlook for the third quarter of 2021. The press release containing our second quarter results was issued last [ evening ]. [ We're providing slides ] on the Investor page of the website that may be helpful to you when following the discussion. Replays of this call will be available via the same page after the call ends. 
 Matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's [ results ] to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the safe harbor statement contained in the earnings release as well as our most recent SEC filings. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. 
 During today's call, we'll make reference to non-GAAP [ financial ] measures. We've posted additional information concerning those non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and were available on the [ Investor page ] of our website. 
 Looking ahead between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne expects to participate in technology or industrial-focused investor conferences hosted by KeyBanc, Rosenblatt Securities, Deutsche Bank and Citi. 
 Now let's get on with the agenda. First, Mark will comment on our recent results and the market conditions as we enter the new quarter. Sanjay will then offer more details on our quarterly results along with our guidance for the third quarter. We'll then answer your questions, and this call is scheduled for [ 1 hour ].
 Mark? 
Mark Jagiela: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Today, I'll summarize our results for the second quarter and first half of 2021, update on current conditions in both Test and Industrial Automation, and comment on our view for the second half of the year. Sanjay will then provide the financial details on the quarter and our guidance for Q3. 
 The strong demand we saw in Q1 accelerated in Q2 as both our Test and Industrial Automation groups grew substantially in the quarter. The long-term demand drivers we've discussed in the past continue to power demand for our products. In Test, it's device complexity and unit growth; in Automation, it's labor scarcity, the need for resiliency and productivity improvement. 
 Opening further, performance at the company level from 2016 through 2020 saw our sales and non-GAAP EPS grow at a compounded rate of 16% and 32%, respectively. For the first half of this year, sales are running ahead of that rate at 21%, and non-GAAP earnings per share grew at 29% compared with last year. This demonstrates both the [ vitality ] of the markets we serve and the efficiency of our operating model. 
 Significantly, in Q2, we saw Industrial Automation demand recover in all major regions, but particularly in North America. As a result, our production and [ operating teams ] operated at a high pace in Q2, and that pace is [ increasing ] in Q3. For the year, our IA business is on track to grow about 30% from 2019 and about 40% from 2020. 
 Looking closely at the segment level. In Semi Test, SOC shipments grew 29% in Q2 from Q2 of 2020 with particular strength in both the compute and mobility end markets. For the first half, SOC sales grew 19%. For the first time in several years, smartphone unit shipments are helping growth in the mobility [ segment ], where as recent years have mostly relied on complexity growth. 
 [ IA ] and compute are the 2 largest subsegments in SOC. Automotive, analog and industrial demand continues to be strong. The auto-related semi test market is expected to exceed $500 million this year, the highest level since 2017. This is despite the fact that automobile unit production will be about [indiscernible] lower in 2017 -- lower than 2017. A portion of this strength is test equipment. We're also seeing the impact of increased semi content and complexity per automobile, driving the test market. 
 Our memory test shipments also grew in Q2 from Q2 of 2020, up 9%, led by flash tester demand. For the 6-month period, overall shipments were up 18% from last year on solid demand for both flash wafer and [ flash ] systems. This reflects significant growth in smartphone demand, the build-out of new memory capacity in China and the growth of SSD demand.
 Looking at the full year, we are again revising up the SOC market for 2021 to now be in the range of $4.3 billion to $4.7 billion with increasing strength in the x86 GPU and display driver segments. Recall that we have lower customer exposure in those markets with much of this incremental growth going to our competitors. So we'll likely see our SOC share around 48% for the year. 
 In memory, at the macro level, our market estimates are unchanged with the test market this year expected to be about $1 billion and our share to be at about the 40% level. I will note that the expected ramp of DDR5 for server applications and the broader adoption of LPDDR5 is pushing out into 2022. 
 Shifting to our System Test group, sales were up 26% in the first half compared with 2020, with strong Storage Test demand and a recovery in our Production Board Test unit driving the growth. For the full year, we see System Test group -- the System Test group grow in the 10% to 20% range. 
 At LitePoint, sales in Q2 were up 12% over 2Q 2020. While 5G millimeter wave demand is lower than expected, the environment in Wireless Test is improving as we move through the year due to the continued WiFi 6 growth and early WiFi 7 investments. In addition, ultra-wideband adoption is increasing, adding a new growth vector for LitePoint. For the full year, LitePoint will likely grow in the 10% range. 
 Moving on to Industrial Automation. The combination of expanding demand across our major markets and the increase in the range of tests served by our Universal Robots and MiR units drove group sales up 57% in Q2 last year [ to 45% ] in the first half. Compared to pre-pandemic 2019, first half sales are up 22%. Supply chain issues have constrained growth a little bit with lead times pushing out about 1 week. 
 The demand environment for IA has recovered in most regions from last year's slowdown. America was the fastest-growing major region in Q2 with sales up over 90% from last year. Although we did see a [indiscernible] some countries in Asia where COVID has spiked in recent months, the second half of the year outlook is quite strong in all our major regions. 
 Our long-term growth strategy in IA continues unchanged, and we expect long-term annual growth in the 20% to 35% range. This year, we will likely have a growth of about 40% from 2020, and we will continue to invest to enable this growth target of [ 15% ] gross margins, [ get ] a 5% to 15% operating margin during these high-growth years.
 From an investment perspective, we are expanding our engineering programs to shorten deployment times, increase the served market and improve the customer support experience. We are also growing our capacity to support distributors, integrators and UR plus and MiRGo apps development partners as [ they ] engage customers. We are also expanding our sales to OEMs that integrate our robots into their products. 
 Last quarter, we noted the expanding range of applications for UR robots into the high-voltage line application with hundreds of [indiscernible] being deployed. Today, I'd like to highlight the success of UR+ plug-and-play applications for Industrial [ Automation ].There is a long-standing and chronic shortage of qualified welders worldwide with an estimated 100,000 unfilled welding jobs in the U.S. alone. While automated solutions exist for large applications like auto manufacturing, customers with lower volume and higher mix products are not well served by traditional automation. 
 The integration of a force torque sensor into e-Series cobots enabled the precision needed for this application. And with UR+ [ integrating ] with our partners, we began serving this market about 3 years ago. During this time, welding applications have grown to be about 6% of our global [ sales ]and are on  [indiscernible] 1,000 cobots sold in 2021, more than tripling our 2020 pace. 
 As we continue to extend the performance of our UR platform, we expect these high applications had growth vectors to traditional industrial applications. We have similar market-expanding initiatives in play on our MiR platform, but I'll save those details for a future call. 
 Summing it all up, the first half of the year has been a strong sales, strong gross margins and earnings growth  [indiscernible]. Longer term, the markets we serve are showing [ increasing demand ] in a future global economy. The importance, pervasiveness and enabling capability of electronics in every [ aspect ] of our lives and industry is driving more fab investment, more complexity and more test. Likewise, the broadening application and fast [ ROI of ] [ collaborative ] robots in a world with labor shortages and productivity challenges is another growth trend. 
 Strategically, we positioned ourselves in line with  [indiscernible]  and plan to continue to make [ System ] Test and IA as our full potential while driving world-class [ returns ]. While the rate of change in our markets is accelerating, we are well positioned to thrive as a company and to bring additional value to customers and shareholders. 
 I'll now turn things over to Sanjay [ to provide ] additional color on the financials. 
Sanjay Mehta: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Today, I'll [ provide details ] on our Q2 results, comment on current business conditions and describe [ our outlook for ] Q3. 
 Now to Q2. Second quarter sales were $1.086 billion with non-GAAP EPS of $1.91, up 29% and 44%, respectively, from Q2 '20. Non-GAAP gross margins were 59.6%, and our non-GAAP operating expenses were $250 million, but $5 million below the high guidance due to the timing of some nonrecurring engineering expenses.
 Non-GAAP operating profit rate was 36.5%. [ Gross margin ] in the quarter was [ 59.6% ] compared with our plan of 58%. The increase was tied to favorable product mix in the quarter versus planned. 
 For context, Q2 2020 gross margin was approximately [ 56.2% ]. In April [indiscernible], we noted that this level of gross margin would continue in the near term, driven by the introduction of several key test systems in early 2020, which would [ take several ] quarters to come down the cost curve. These new product introductions, coupled with heightened costs driven by COVID shortages, were impacting our gross margins in 2020. One year later, we have now most of these test solutions at volume, and they have come down the cost curve as expected. 
 The result contributed to higher margins in the second quarter, which we expect will continue in the second half of the year. A component of gross margin improvement over 2020 is higher revenue yielding of leverage in the gross margin line. We had one 10% customer in the quarter [indiscernible] excluding discrete items of [ 14.5% ]on both GAAP and non-GAAP basis. 
 Looking at the results from a business unit perspective. [ Semi Test ] revenue of $834 million was up 27% from Q2 2020. SOC revenue was $742 million, up 29%, driven by strength in compute, mobility, industrial and automotive. Memory revenue was $92 million, up 9% from prior year, driven by strength in flash test and flash wafer sort segments. 
 System Test group had revenue of $105 million, which was up 46% year-over-year. This is driven by $58 million in Storage Test sales, including both HDD and SLT solutions; [ $27 million ] in Defense & Aerospace and Production Board Test. 
 In Storage Test, HDD and SLT demand remains robust as drive densities continue to increase and the number of devices adopting [ SLT spokes ]. At LitePoint, revenue of $55 million was 12% -- was up 12% from prior year due to continued strength at [ WiFi ], increases in [indiscernible] and ultra-wide band test market segments. 
 Now to Industrial Automation. As we did in April, I'll provide revenue metrics comparing Q2 '21 results with both Q2 '20 and Q2 '19, so you'll have the full context given the impact of a contracting market tied to COVID last year. Industrial Automation revenue of $92 million was up 57% year-over-year and 23% over Q2 '19. Revenue expanded in all regions in Q2 [ over ] last year, with North America delivering the highest absolute revenue growth. U.S. and Europe represented about 77% of IA revenue in the quarter, with China contributing about 14%. 
 UR sales were $76 million in Q2, up 75% year-over-year and [ 80% ] over 2019. MiR sales were $16 million, up 41% from Q2 '20 and 51% from Q2 '19. Recall, MiR had an  [indiscernible]  on Q2 '20 as its robots were widely deployed in automated COVID disinfectant applications.
 The longer-term outlook in our IA business continues to brighten. We expect continued labor shortages to drive new applications for both our fixed and mobile robots. Mark highlighted the shortage of welders and how that has opened up a new market for our UR cobots, but that is just one of many job categories with acute short-term and long-term labor shortages. 
 Our strategy is to provide an open platform that creative developers can leverage to solve industry-specific labor shortages. The numerous filling ultraviolet disinfecting solutions built on our [ platform ] last year is a shining example of the agility of our partner networks to solve problems. 
 We're investing in engineering, support and marketing resources to make our MiR platforms even easier to build upon, which will enable the continued proliferation of high-value automated solutions to solve challenging problems for an expanding range of customers. Significantly, these development partners and customers provide great feedback on our R&D development plans. 
 From a financial perspective, we expect IA will operate around the low end of our target profit range of 5% and 15%. We do expect IA to operate above the Rule of 40 in 2021, that is the sum of operating profit and revenue growth of over [ 40% ]. Longer term, when growth moderates, we expect the IA group to have a similar operating profit rate as our Test portfolio. 
 Shifting to supply. We continue to manage through numerous supply constraints along with increased material, manufacturing and logistics costs in both our Test and IA businesses. For some products in both Test and IA, the supply constraints have extended our [ lead times ], and we're working closely with customers to minimize the impact of these delays. 
 But we've been able to offset these higher costs through operating leverage with higher volumes and other cost-saving measures, so the cost increase impact on the P&L has not been material. We do expect to be dealing with supply line-related issues in Q3 and Q4 this year, which are reflected in our forecasts. 
 Shifting to the balance sheet and cash flow. Our cash and marketable securities at the end of the quarter totaled $1.42 billion, $172 million of free cash flow in the quarter, $151 million and $17 million on buybacks and dividends, respectively. Year-to-date, we've repurchased 1.6 million shares for $197 million at an average [ price ] of $125.69 per share.
 Regarding our convertible debt. $15.6 million was paid in Q2 to convertible bondholders ahead of maturity. By the end of August 2021, bondholders will have already converted a total of $302 million, leaving a face value of $58 million outstanding. 
 Looking at our operating model, I'd like to make 3 quick points. First, our performance over time. From 10 years ago, our gross margin percent has expanded from the low to [ mid-50s ] to nearly 60% [ today ] and our operating margin from the teens to low 20s to greater than 30% today. 
 Second, our flexible business model shifts fixed cost to variable costs where appropriate through [ contract ] or outsourced manufacturing, variable compensation and other [ means ], which enables resiliency on the downside and is creative (sic) [ accretive ] when business is strong. 
 Third, the operating leverage in the model is evident in our Q2 results. Our Test businesses are dropping through over $0.50 per revenue dollar through to the profit line in 2021... 
Operator: [Technical Difficulty] 
Sanjay Mehta: Thank you. 
Andrew Blanchard: Ladies and gentlemen, we're going to have a quick transition. 
Sanjay Mehta: I'll go back -- okay, it's Sanjay again. I'll go back to looking at our operating model. I'd like to make 3 quick points. First, our performance over time from 10 years ago, our gross margin percent has expanded from low to mid-50s to nearly 60% today and our operating margin from the teens to low 20s to greater than 30% today. 
 Second, our flexible business model shifts fixed cost to variable costs, where appropriate, through contract or outsourced manufacturing, variable compensation and other means, which enables resiliency on the downside and is accretive when business is strong. 
 Third, the operating leverage in the model is evident in our Q2 results. Our Test businesses are dropping through over $0.50 per revenue dollar through to the profit line in 2021, even while we continue to increase our R&D support -- and support investments to strengthen our Test business. This enables Teradyne to continue to invest in both our Test and IA portfolios. For IA, we are building a deeper product ecosystem and distribution differentiation while achieving the Rule of 40 in our IA portfolio. 
 Now to our outlook for Q3. As Mark noted, the demand environment across the business remains strong. Our guidance assumes no significant changes, positive or negative, in the availability of materials and also assumes that we won't see additional pandemic-related issues. With that said, sales in Q3 are expected to be between $880 million and $960 million with non-GAAP EPS in the range of $1.29 to $1.55 and 176 million diluted shares. 
 Third quarter guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles and noncash imputed interest on convertible debt. Third quarter gross margins are estimated to be between 59% and 60%. OpEx is expected to run at 27% to 29% of third quarter sales. The non-GAAP operating profit at the midpoint of our third quarter guidance is 32%. 
 Regarding OpEx for the full year. While we spent a bit lower than planned in Q2, we expect the full year OpEx will be about in line with the plan we described in April. We expect total operating expenses for 2021 to be about $1 billion or up approximately 19% from 2020. We recognize that we're on track to meet our 2024 earnings model this year. We'll update the model on a regular cadence in January after our detailed midterm plan income is complete in Q4 this year. 
 In summary, our businesses are performing extremely well, delivering strong revenue and earnings growth while funding the investments that will drive future success. Our first half sales grew 21%, and non-GAAP EPS grew 29% above the first half of 2020, which itself was a record. We expect to deliver the highest Q3 sales and profits in history. 
 Our employees and production partners around the world have delivered a record number of systems under challenging conditions. Our support teams have done whatever was needed to make our customers successful. And our engineering teams have kept the new product pipeline moving on schedule. It's been an impressive display of teamwork, and I'm proud to be part of this powerful Teradyne team. 
 With that, I'll turn things back to Andrew. 
Andrew Blanchard: Thanks, Sanjay. And everybody, thanks for dealing with our small technical issue there. Phyllis, we would now like to take some questions. [Operator Instructions] 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Brian Chin with Stifel. 
Brian Chin: A couple of questions here. Maybe just to kick things off. I'm just curious to what degree, if any, are the extended lead times in ATE in this sort of the current strong semiconductor environment impacting your shipment outlook or pattern in the second half? Obviously, Teradyne no longer discloses bookings, but your competitor appears to be building backlog into the December quarter. So I was wondering if you have better-than-typical backlog visibility beyond September. 
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. So lead times have definitely been moving out. I'd say auto and industrial demand is still outstripping supply. But our lead times have pushed out, obviously, based on the very, very tight supply chain environment we're dealing with. And so what used to be, let's say, within a quarter has pushed out to 5, 8 weeks incremental to where we were in the past to be, in some cases, in the 20s in weeks of lead time. So with that, we have been seeing, I guess, improved bookings from our customers, and we're working with them to manage through it. 
Brian Chin: Got it. And then maybe for Mark. I think you touched on how, at least in the smartphone market, units are kind of a bigger tailwind this year, which hasn't always been the case in recent years. But I think in the 2022, what do you think -- to what degree could increased packaging complexity across foundries and maybe some IDMs be a more meaningful driver of incremental test intensity next year? 
Mark Jagiela: Yes, we -- that's a good question. We bundle that into the complexity side of life. And there's already been advanced packaging technologies deployed for several years now in phones, but it's increasing. So that trend of multichip, multi-die packaging incrementally adds test time above and beyond what you would get if you were putting all of that silicon on a single integrated die. And there's not a good rule of thumb of how much of an adder it is, but it is a trend that's going to continue to grow and drive tests. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Atif Malik with Citi. 
Atif Malik: I have a similar question on the mobility side end market. It sounds like your mobility outlook has improved for the year versus 90 days ago despite millimeter wave weakness. You talked about units helping. Can you talk about the confidence in test intensity staying elevated for both mobility and compute into next year? And if you can also highlight the steps you're taking to improve your market share in the areas that you're not strong, like x86 GPU and display drivers. 
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So I think the complexity trends looking even into the next year are all very strong and positive. In the case of mobility, the newer lithographies that are coming online are being widely adopted by the manufacturers of silicon for phones, which portends more transistors, which portends more test time. So that, looking into next year, all looks positive. And we get, at this point in the year, early glimpses of what the silicon for next year might actually look like. 
 The -- on the compute side, similarly, we not only have the trend of lower lithography nodes, but the new interface standards related to LPDDR5 and DDR5, as I mentioned in my remarks, the early adoption of that has been pushed out a little bit as the processors that go with it have been delayed a bit. But all of the complexity required to run at those higher bandwidths is coming in 2022. So those are 2 positive things I look at that gives me confidence that this driver of complexity growth is definitely going to be strong next year. 
 In terms of share, what we said before is that penetrating the traditional x86 GPU stalwarts is going to be a long-term endeavor for us that's going to hinge on some kind of technological discontinuity like that shift to DDR5 or like a shift to PAM4 interfaces to crack into. So that one is episodic and will play out over, let's say, 3 to 5 years. 
 On the other front is -- are the emerging hyperscalers and new people coming into the market of creating complex silicon. These are automobile manufacturers, hyperscalers that we've talked about in the past, the Googles, the Facebooks, the Microsofts, the Amazons, that's where we're focused on getting a position to grow with them as they launch their products into the market in the shorter term. 
Atif Malik: Great, very helpful. And Sanjay, for you, the largest U.S. phone maker and your biggest indirect customer talked about supply constraints impacting smartphone sales in the September quarter yesterday. Have the materials and parts tightness gone worse over the last 90 days for your business? 
Sanjay Mehta: Well, first of all, I won't comment on any particular customer, but I will speak in general about the environment. Last year, we were really working through demand increases, but we had fairly good, robust inventory strategies, and we are working through the impact of COVID. You have thousands of components that go into these testers, and we did a lot of resiliency improvements there. You fast forward to today's environment, and the demand has really kept accelerating. And the environment is tighter, I would say, today. And frankly, we don't see it letting up until the second half of 2022. 
 So I think as the semiconductor industry goes through continued growth, you're seeing supply chains really getting tested. And then with the increase in the infection rates of COVID, especially, I'd say, in Southeast Asia, we're working through and managing the best we can. But I believe the net summation is it's a tighter industry now than it was, say, 3, 6 months ago. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini with SIG. 
Mehdi Hosseini: Two questions, one on ARM-based ASIC design. I'm trying to get a sense of how you see the TAM. You can either elaborate as a mix of SOC tests or perhaps you can tell us how is the test time for an ARM-based ASIC chip compared to like an app process or maybe that way we could give a sense of how demand looks like. So either qualitatively or quantitatively, you can -- if you can elaborate on ARM-based SOC test will be great. And I have a follow-up. 
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So I guess the first thing I'd say is that a ARM-based high-end map processor, which is what's in most of our phones today, driving most of our phones, has a transistor count that's equivalent to any laptop, x86 kind of product you might have in your computer. And the test times comparatively between those 2 are not that different. It's kind of proportional to test count. 
 The new ARM processors that are coming to market for compute applications, not smartphone applications, have perhaps anywhere from a 25% to 60% at or, on transistor count, above what's at the highest end of smartphones. And the test time associated with them, I would say, is proportionately longer at this point. And so I think it's, generally speaking, scaling with transistor count, and the transistor count on the ARM side is running a little bit at a faster clip than it is on the more traditional architecture side, if that helps. 
Mehdi Hosseini: Sure. So the follow-up has to do with ARM-based. Actually, I want to just dig in a little bit more. Would you, at some point, break this out so we could better understand how kind of ARM-based SOC tester is tracking or scaling versus the rest of the SOC market? And number two, is there anything you can give us to better understand the competitive landscape for this specific application? 
Mark Jagiela: Yes. I guess I haven't thought about trying to find a way to break out ARM because most of what mobility is, is ARM; and then there's, let's say, compute applications for ARM; and then there's some processors that are almost dual-use, and they go into either application. So I think it's fair to say that any compute business that we have at Teradyne is ARM-based compute. And perhaps maybe in the future, we can look at some way to sort of characterize both the market and our associated revenue for that. But I don't have a good number for you now on that. 
 And in terms of the applications coming to market, in the short term, we know about the phone applications, we know about some early adopters of ARM for compute. Those are all coming to market or are in the market now. The hyperscalers that we're working with are coming into market at various points next year with products that are quite interesting but highly speculative as to whether they'll latch in the market. And obviously, I'm not going to talk about those because they're pretty confidential. But we'll see what latches. If one of these applications can become a 100-plus million unit application, which most of these design teams are targeting, then that's a significant adder to the market. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America. 
Vivek Arya: I was curious, how is your kind of visibility for Q4 as you kind of stand today versus what it is usually? And if you could give us some color by end market in terms of what is in your assumption for Q3 and the second half, that would be very helpful. 
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. So Q4, if I look back at my last 2 years here, we've been surprised mainly on the positive side. And I'd say that given the tightness of supply and customers providing a little bit more in the way of backlog, it gives us a little bit more insight. However, obviously, in the near term, we have much stronger visibility in Q3 than in Q4. And so -- but we do have, I'd say, a little bit of incremental visibility. 
 In color -- in your question in regards to color for Q3, we see continued strength in semiconductor. Obviously, the different components within Semi Test are going to be a little volatile, but we do see a trend down. It's still what we believe is very strong demand, but we see a trend down. And we see in our IA portfolio, really, a strength. Obviously, with the COVID impact in 2020, industrials are really coming back. I'll cite some PMIs in the 60s at the U.S. and Europe. And we really see that in our, as Mark noted, in our growth in the U.S. But we're seeing that growth in China as well as in Europe and the U.S. So continued expected growth in IA and then, from a test perspective, coming down a bit. 
Vivek Arya: Got it. And then on the UR side, Mark, I'm curious, what are the top 3 applications you're serving today? And how do you expect these applications to evolve? You are maintaining a very strong growth rate in that business. And I'm curious, what is driving that. Is it more number of customers? Is it more applications within the same customer? So what's giving you the confidence you can maintain this very strong growth rate in the UR business? And is -- on the gross margin side, is it accretive? I know on the operating margin side, you've given a range. But I imagine on the gross margin side, it might be accretive to your business. 
Mark Jagiela: Yes. It's interesting because there's no silver bullet as to what's driving the growth at UR. So for example, we're going to be up about 30% from revenue in 2019, 40% up from 2020. And in the script, I mentioned this application for welding, which is a brand-new application that is now driving about 6% of our sales for the year. Last quarter, I talked about this service application for servicing high-voltage power lines that's also running at around that 6% of sales applications that was nonexistent -- essentially nonexistent 2 years ago. 
 So already, we have 12% of our growth attributed to new applications in new markets with new customers that we didn't have 2 years ago. So it's a combination of expanding applications like those 2 examples as well as established markets growing that's driving this. And our top 3 applications tend to be the same. It's automotive supply chain, it's industrial machine tending and it's electronic assembly tend to be the ones that are at the top of the pack. But frankly, they are shrinking as a percentage of sales as these new applications come online. 
 So what gives me confidence looking forward is that ecosystem of partners who are developing these application solutions on our platform, not our competitors, is just continuing to grow and prosper. And they're not all going to be as successful as high-voltage line tending or welding. But it only takes 10% of them to fuel the kind of growth numbers that we've been seeing. And the activity there is very strong, and the technology is maturing to the point that more and more applications can economically be served. 
 And over the horizon, when you look at what AI can bring, there's a whole new set of, let's say, features that will enable yet another expansion of the market. It's what gives us the confidence to talk about these kind of decade-long growth rates of 25%, 30%, 35%. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. 
John Pitzer: Mark, maybe another way to ask the calendar fourth quarter question is, over the last 3 years, the business has run in such a way that second half has been greater than the first half from a top line perspective, which has broken kind of a trend, where if you go back the prior 7 years, it was first half stronger than second half. Did you have any commentary on sort of how you think the second half over the first half looked this year just given how strong the market environment is and how tight test capacity is? 
Mark Jagiela: You're right, perfect student of the history. And we have been, as Sanjay said, always a bit surprised in the recent years on how strong the fourth quarter has come in and driven second half to be a bit higher than first. So if you asked us today, we'd say first half is a little bit stronger than second, but that's no different than kind of what we thought for the last couple of years, too. And that just is a testament to the visibility in Q4 as -- the lack of visibility in Q4.
 As Sanjay said, though, it's a little bit more visibility now than before because lead times are a little longer. But all the upside that could come in is the, obviously, the piece that's not visible. So we feel probably better now about Q4 than we felt in any prior 2 or 3 years, but it's sort of what might happen between now and October that's invisible. 
John Pitzer: That's helpful. And then, Mark, as my follow-on, I apologize, the audio quality was a little poor during your prepared comments. I wanted to go back to some of the commentary you made around DDR5 adoption. I think the point you were making is perhaps it's a little bit slower than you thought. Is that correct? And I guess, more importantly, can you give us an update of how you think you're positioned for DDR5 when it does start to ramp relative to share in memory test? 
Mark Jagiela: Yes. Yes, sorry about the audio quality. But in fact, yes, DDR5 for server applications has pushed out a bit as the server chips themselves have been delayed. We've seen the impact of that in the demand for DDR5 testers. And similar things happened with LPDDR5 going into mobility applications. So despite all that, the share position for Teradyne, we think, is unchanged from our earlier estimates at around 40% of the market, and it's going to be a tailwind next year when the DDR5  and LPDDR5 ramp as was originally thought would happen toward the end of this year. So we're well positioned there, and I think that's a tailwind for us next year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse with Evercore. 
Christopher Muse: I guess first question, Mark, you've taken SOC test market size higher again. And I guess, curious, if we were to hit the high end of the range, what would be the driver there? And would your market share still be 48%? Or could you see greater contribution from what's driving potentially the market to the higher end of the range? 
Mark Jagiela: Yes. Certainly, if the market goes up towards the high end of that range, our revenue would grow probably proportional to that. Would our share go much higher? I gave a number -- I threw in a number of roughly 48% at the midpoint of our market size guide. I would expect our market share is probably going to stay around that number, plus or minus 0.5 point at this point in the year. 
 But it's hard to sort of prognosticate too much about where the share comes from. And as you know, one customer's buying capacity can swing multiple points of share in any given year. And so one of our customers could come in and drive a demand that we don't see right now. We have the manufacturing capacity to serve it. And yes, I guess we could be up at 50% share if that happened. It's just a little opaque at the moment. 
Christopher Muse: Okay. That's helpful. And I guess a follow-on question to a few of the questions that you got earlier. You spoke to DDR5 now being pushed to a tailwind next year. You've spoken to high-performance compute, particularly the non-x86 world as a tailwind for you guys next year. I think the concern out there is that your one large customer could decline meaningfully and that would cause SOC for you guys to be down next year. So I guess, as you sit here today and you're setting up your supply for customers and lead times have extended, how are you thinking about the world into 2022 for SOC for Teradyne? 
Mark Jagiela: Very bullish because I think the concern -- let's see, I'm not going to speak too specifically around our customer. But what I would say is that the portfolio of devices that are being developed by our hyperscaler customers continues to expand. And that's going to -- in addition to the complexity growth of the existing portfolio, you add more chips on top of that, it portends a growing market, a growing customer. So there's going to be ups and downs, but I think the cataclysmic or sort of a cliff concern, we're now a decade into this almost, so -- and it just hasn't happened. So the trend line, I think, is pretty clear, and I think that trend line will continue. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. 
Toshiya Hari: I had 2 as well. Mark, I guess somewhat related to C.J.'s question. Just curious in terms of the auto SOC test market, I think in your prepared remarks, you mentioned that you expect the market to exceed $500 million this year and now that's the highest mark since 2017. How are you thinking about sustainability there into '22? Near-term demand is clearly very strong. And when we speak with your customers, they're all kind of complaining about extending lead times. So I guess the bias is to the upside, but curious how you're thinking about that market. 
 And then as a follow-up, a question on Storage Test. It seems like both HDD and SLT are trending very nicely. I think the business was up more than 2x last year in 2020. Curious what you're thinking about the business full year 2021. If you can differentiate between SLT and HDD, that would be super helpful. 
Sanjay Mehta: It's Sanjay here. So I'll take a cut at them. So from an auto market perspective, it's true this year, we've seen tremendous growth and just about $500 million or plus or minus a bit from a market size, and yes, as far as we've seen even back to 2017. And fundamentally, I think in the last call, there was commentary around the auto industry, for years, has lived on a just-in-time manufacturing. And fundamentally, in back half of 2019, sales weren't so high. And coming into '20, obviously, demand has really picked up. And so you're seeing just a significant replenishment of inventory back into the system. And we're seeing that continue. We see, obviously, the lead times. And currently, the demand is outstripping our supply. And we see that good visibility until the end of 2021. 
 2022 will be interesting because we'll have to take a look at what are the inventory levels and what is the market demand in 2022 in first half. And so it's a little bit opaque, I'd say, in 2022, but it will depend on what I believe to be the inventory level and, obviously, the end market demand.
 And from a storage perspective, a little bit of color around 2020 and 2021. If I go back to 2020, HDD and our SLT business was kind of split relatively even. One was a little bigger than the other. And from an HDD perspective, we've seen continued end-market demand fueling that business. But when we look into 2021 from an SLT perspective, we're seeing a broadening of devices being adopted for SLT testing, which is providing a tailwind, which is enabling a larger growth in that segment of the storage business this year relative to the HDD business.
 So the HDD business is still very strong; end-market demand, very strong. But the broadening of the SLT -- or sorry, the ASICs being tested under SLT is increasing, which is really good news. So it's growing a little faster than the HDD shipments from a storage perspective. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS. 
Timothy Arcuri: I had a question about your commentary, Mark, about your SOC share for the year and sort of what it implies for SOC in Q4, and more broadly, what it implies for total company revenue in Q4. So you've sort of given us all the different pieces. You guided wireless for the year, you guided systems for the year and you gave us the pieces on the Test businesses.
 So if I just look at what that implies for SOC in Q4, I mean you're going to do about $575 million roughly for SOC in Q3. That's not a big mystery. But the Q4 number implies it goes down to like $425 million, somewhere in the low 4s. That will be down year-over-year. So I guess my first question is like why would that be given that you have all this visibility? And obviously, you're quite bullish about the market. So why would Q4 be down so much? That's my first question in SOC. 
Mark Jagiela: Yes. I don't know if it will be down so much or not. It's a portfolio of businesses, and all of those numbers have a margin of plus or minus, let's say, 1% around them. So that creates a large Monte Carlo simulation. And if you go right down the middle, I think you probably -- I'm sure you did the math right, that's probably what you come up with. 
 But that's typical, as I said earlier, of where we stand at this point in the year looking into Q4 as in past years where it's come in higher. There's a significant unknown around what we'll book between now and through October that can drive Q4 shipments. And while we have backlog that extends in some product lines, as Sanjay mentioned, all the way through the end of the year, there's others that's more of a turns business. 
 And we've positioned ourselves to be very responsive on the SOC front, in general, to capitalize on these sort of short demand request to come from our customers. That's why we've in the past been enabled to, in the quarter, exceed our guidance and even in the fourth quarter and prior years exceed what we thought when we were talking back then in July. 
 So it could very well turn out that the demand that we've seen in the last couple of years in Q4 yet materializes again and we end up, as C.J. was hinting at, having a second half larger than first. It's just that at this point in the year, given what customers are talking about, we just don't see that as the most likely outcome. 
 And it's episodic, too. What happens in Q4, a lot of it happens, in the past couple of years, in the December quarter, preparing for product launches that occur in February time frame, new phones and things like that. And so -- and again, with a rash of phone introductions in February, although we don't see it now, we could see a demand for SOC testers to support that driving December shipments. 
Timothy Arcuri: Yes. No, it's -- I mean the total company revenue is sort of implied to be below what people are expecting for Q4, so that's kind of why I was asking. 
 So anyway, on your revised TAM for Semi Test, so can you just update us on the segment? So I think before, you were thinking compute would be $1 billion, mobility would be $1.6 billion. Auto, you just gave that number, is like $500 million. And industrial, I think before, you were talking about $500 million. So is the revision mostly in the compute side, can you sort of update us on those numbers? 
Mark Jagiela: Yes. The numbers for compute are about the same. Mobility is probably up a couple of hundred million. Auto is up probably $50 million and industrial up about $50 million. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar with Cowen. 
Sreekrishnan Sankarnarayanan: And Mark, thanks for the color earlier on the ARM test opportunity. I just want to ask the question in a different way. When do you think the non-x86 compute TAM or maybe the total test compute TAM be similar or bigger than the mobility test market? And then I had a follow-up. 
Mark Jagiela: Bigger than the mobility test. So your question is when will the ARM compute test TAM be bigger than the ARM mobility test TAM? 
Sreekrishnan Sankarnarayanan: Yes, mobility test TAM is about $1.6 billion or $1.7 billion, and you said compute is about $1 billion. When do you think the total compute TAM or maybe just the non-x86 compute TAM get to be bigger than mobility? 
Mark Jagiela: I don't think it's going to be in the next 4 or 5 years. I think much of what's being developed in the ARM space by the hyperscalers will more likely fall into the category of mobility. So I don't see compute growing beyond mobility in the next 4 or 5 years. 
Sreekrishnan Sankarnarayanan: Got it. Got it. And then, Mark, on the auto test market, you said it's over $500 million. I'm guessing that includes auto microcontroller, linear, et cetera. If that is the case, is there any way of giving some more color within that? Or you think it's too hard to segment it? 
Mark Jagiela: Yes, it does include microcontrollers. And I would say that auto is outstripped -- most of the growth is auto more than microcontrollers. Microcontrollers is growing too, but it's mostly auto. Auto -- and of course, there's microcontrollers in auto. So when I say auto, I mean microcontrollers for auto versus microcontrollers, let's say, for white goods and things like that. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. 
Joseph Moore: I wanted to ask about the millimeter wave commentary. It seemed like the expectation was primarily one customer in one region. So when you say that was kind of short of your expectations, what are you referring to there? 
Mark Jagiela: So it's not one customer, one region. Millimeter wave last year for us grew significantly. We probably had 90% share of the early buying per millimeter wave test in 2020. And I would say that was spread out across 6 or 7 customers. Anybody who's making a chipset related to millimeter wave was pretty much using a Teradyne tester in 2020. The deployment of millimeter wave by the telecommunication companies has ground to a halt. And that has proportionately ground to a halt the need for incremental test in 2021. 
Andrew Blanchard: Okay, folks, thanks so much for joining us today. That concludes the call. We apologize for the audio difficulties at the front end of it. We look forward to talking to you in the days and weeks ahead. And those in the queue, I'll get back with you directly here. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day. You may all disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you standing by, and welcome to the Q1 2021 Teradyne Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Andy Blanchard. Thank you sir, you may begin.
Andrew Blanchard: Thank you, April. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our CEO, Mark Jagiela; and our CFO, Sanjay Mehta. Following our opening remarks, we will provide details of our performance for 2021's first quarter, along with our outlook for the second quarter of 2021. The press release containing our first quarter results was issued last evening. We are providing slides on the investor page of the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussions. Replays of this call will be available via the same page after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include Forward-Looking Statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the safe harbor statement contained in the earnings release as well as our most recent SEC filings. Additionally, these forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We have posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure were available on the Investor page of the website. Looking ahead between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne expects to participate in technology or industrial-focused investor conferences hosted by Wolfe Research, ISI Evercore, Baird, Bank of America, Bernstein and Stifel. Now let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, Mark will comment on our recent results and the market conditions as we enter the new quarter. Sanjay will then offer more details on our quarterly results along with our guidance for the second quarter, and we will then answer your questions. The call is scheduled for one hour. Mark.
Mark Jagiela: Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. In my remarks, I will summarize our Q1 results, review current market conditions and provide an update on how we are looking at Q2 and the full-year. Sanjay will then take you through the financial details of the quarter and our outlook for the second quarter. As you saw in our press release, our Q1 sales and profits grew double digits from Q1 of 2020's record level. Test sales grew 9% on broad-based demand with notable strength in automotive, industrial compute, memory and storage. Industrial Automation sales grew 33% in the quarter with strong demand at both UR and MiR. Notably, since our January call, the market demand in both Test and IA has been greater than we expected, as you can see from our Q2 guidance. In Semiconductor Test, customer orders are very strong as complexity continues to increase and chip units are expected to grow almost 15% this year, more than twice last year's rate. Regarding the sustainability of this demand, our visibility is limited to just a quarter or two but the growth in WFE from 50 billion in 2017 to 60 billion last year to over 75 billion this year should translate into a healthy tester market in the years ahead. Looking at SOC demand, the auto industrial segment is especially robust, with our Q1 Eagle shipments up nearly 90% year-on-year, and deliveries expected to grow further in Q2. Test demand for mobility and compute devices is also running ahead of our January estimates as these end markets push the performance limits of advanced process nodes and drive the highest complexity growth. This higher complexity drives longer chip test times and often demand's unique tester capabilities. Our UltraFLEX platforms are well aligned to these performance dynamics. As a result of this demand strength, we now expect the SOC test market to be in the $4 billion to $4.4 billion range, up about $700 million at the midpoint from our January estimate. This equates to about 16% growth from 2020, and we expect our share in SOC to be at about the 50% level. In memory test, we are seeing continued strength in both flash and DRAM. We now expect the full-year memory test market to be in the $900 million to $1.1 billion range, up about $100 million from our January estimate and up about 5% from 2020 levels. Our Magnum platform is in lockstep with the performance trends in both markets, and we expect another strong year in 2021. However, since most of the test market growth is expected to be wafer test applications, where we have less exposure, we are likely to see our share dip a few points into the upper 30s. In System Test, revenue grew 14% from Q1 2020, primarily on higher Storage Test shipments. As we have noted in past calls, Storage Test is linked to increasing density and complexity of data center hard disk drives and the expanding adoption of system-level test per chip test. Our full-year outlook for this business has improved from January as well on strength in both applications. The defense and aerospace and Board test units of STG are also performing well, and we expect the overall group will grow revenue 5% to 10% this year. Our LitePoint business is driven by the complexity of new wireless standards and the connectivity cellular and other wireless markets. In Q1, connectivity demand was the dominant revenue driver as WiFi 6E ramps in smartphones and access points. We expect LitePoint to grow in the 0% to 5% range in 2021. Shifting to Industrial Automation, we are on-track to grow 30-plus percent for the year. At the macro level, industrial economies are recovering with global PMIs above 50, indicating growing manufacturing investments. At the ground level, we are seeing increasing customer buying driven by economics, quality and lack of available shop floor labor. At UR, revenue grew 32% from Q1 2020 with a notable recovery in China where sales more than doubled in the quarter. Our China performance reflects the compelling value proposition UR offers, even in the face of low-cost competitors. We not only have the durability to operate in high-intensity production environments where downtime can't be tolerated, but we also offer a unique suite of organic and ecosystem provided software and peripherals to address a wide range of tasks with short deployment times. We are also seeing growth outside of the traditional manufacturing tasks. In the last several quarters, we have seen volume shipments of cobots to perform industrial service tasks, such as maintenance of high-power transmission lines while energized and robotic inspection of wind turbine blades. Together, these two applications account for over 500 installed cobots, and this should approximately double in 2021. Both examples highlight the flexibility of UR arms and value in performing dangerous service tasks. MiR also delivered strong results in the quarter, growing 55% year-on-year. A big part of that success has been the new MiR 250, which was introduced in March of last year and was our leading seller in Q1. We are also seeing a nice expansion of applications for mere products. Initially, most applications were moving goods to and fro. Last year, we saw a dramatic expansion in the use of MiR robots as a platform for mobile tasks such as disinfected workspaces. And now we are seeing growing use in the conveyor market where our mobile platform replaces fixed conveyors. This provides owners greater flexibility than traditional fixed conveyor system and allows them to reconfigure their factory on the fly as production requirements dictate. Although both UR and MiR, our expanding range of plug-and-play apps, now totaling over 430 in our UR+ and MiRGo ecosystem shortens the deployment time and increases the addressable market for cobots, adding additional growth factors for us. But we are not firing on all cylinders in IA yet. At AutoGuide, we have lowered our expectations for 2021. The this year, we will focus on expanding existing customer deployments while we complete a series of engineering projects designed to scale and win new customers in the future. While this is surely a reset at our AutoGuide plan, we remain confident in the potential of the nascent market for high payload autonomous mobile robots and our ability to leverage AutoGuide's unique product architecture to deliver differentiated value to this growing market. Rolling it all up, the demand environment in our test businesses has strengthened dramatically since January and the wafer front end equipment forecasts suggest that tester demand over the next few years will continue to grow. In Industrial Automation, UR and MiR are benefiting from their differentiated products and the improving global economy, which puts us on-track for a total IA group revenue growth of 30-plus percent for the year. Our employees are doing a great job, and our operating model is delivering strong financial profits and free cash flow. And finally, I would like to recognize and thank our Board chair, Roy Valley, who will be retiring next month after 20-years on the Teradyne Board. Roy's leadership, integrity and wise counsel have been invaluable to me and the executive team, and we all wish him the best in his future pursuits. Sanjay will now take you through the financial details. Sanjay.
Sanjay Mehta: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Today, I will provide details on our Q1 results, offer additional color on the operating environment, along with our plans to address a very strong demand environment and describe our Q2 outlook. During the appropriate sections, I will provide some full-year expectations. Now to Q1. First quarter sales were $782 million with non-GAAP EPS of $1.11. Non-GAAP gross margins were 59.1% and our non-GAAP operating expenses were $230 million, above our high guidance due to high variable compensation and G&A expenses. Non-GAAP operating profit rate was 29.6%. We had two 10% customers in the quarter. Tax rate, excluding discrete items for the quarter, was 14.75% on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis. Looking at the results from a business unit perspective, semi test revenue was $528 million, was up 9% from Q1 2021. SOC revenue was $420 million, up from prior year, driven by strength in compute, industrial and automotive markets, offset by a decline and our mobility shipments. Memory revenue was $108 million, up from prior year, driven by strength in flash final test segment. System Test Group had revenue of $133 million which was up 14% year-over-year. This was driven by $95 million in storage test sales, including HDD and SLT solutions and $38 million in defense and aerospace and production board test. At LitePoint, revenue of $41 million was above plan, but down about 6% from prior year due to lower cellular test shipments. Looking at our test portfolio overall. We are very optimistic about the market and technology trends unfolding over the midterm. The growing attach rate of electronics across the economy, the increasing complexity of those devices and significantly, a faster refresh rate for many of these complex devices benefit all of our test businesses. Looking at a significant example, the increasing number of companies creating high-performance processors to serve a growing range of end applications, each with unique performance and design cycles, is driving an estimated doubling of the compute portion of the SOC test market this year compared with 2018. We have designed our UltraFLEXplus platform to serve this growing market and are having early success. This trend has complementary impacts on memory and SLT markets as well. Now to Industrial Automation. Given 2020 was a contraction year; I will provide revenue metrics comparing Q1 2021 results with Q1 2020 and Q1 2019. Industrial Automation revenue was $80 million, was up 33% year-over-year and 21% over Q1 2019. Q1 2021 was a record for the seasonally soft first quarter of the year. U.S. and Europe represented over 70% of our IA revenue in the first quarter. As Mark noted, strength in China for UR, I will add that we saw the IA group revenue in China more than double year-over-year and grow greater than 50% over Q1 2019. UR sales were $66 million in Q1, up 32% year-over-year and 15% over Q1 2019. MiR sales were $14 million, up 55% from both Q1 2020 and Q1 2019. Sales increased in every region over Q1 2020. In addition to the success of MiR 250 that Mark noted, we also are starting to see a positive shipment trend towards higher payload MiR 500 and MiR 1,000 models, which should improve our ASPs overtime. Demand at both UR and MiR continues to improve as the global economy recovers and companies work to add production capacity. The opportunity of automation is growing. Our IA portfolio is solving problems for companies such as improving economics with a typical ROI of approximately one year, addressing labor shortages experienced by manufacturing and warehousing firms and adding supply chain resilience over the long-term. From a financial perspective in IA, we continue to lean into engineering, ecosystem and distribution investments to expand the range of applications in IA products - our IA products address and extend our global distribution reach. Our goal in the short-term is to balance investments with sales growth in order to deliver an annual IA group operating profit of between 5% and 15%. However, given the reset mark described at AutoGuide, we now expect Ag revenues of less than $10 million in 2021, and Ag will not be profitable in 2021. As a result, at the IA group level, we expect we will operate above breakeven in 2021, but below that target profit range. We do expect both UR and MiR each operate above the rule of 40 in 2021. That is the sum of the operating profit; revenue growth will be over $40 million. We continue to have confidence in our IA growth over the midterm, as articulated in our January earnings model update and expect the overall group to grow revenue over 30% in 2021. Shifting to supply. As Mark noted, the test market size has increased significantly across the board. From a supply perspective, we are dealing with increasing lead times and cost increases, predominantly in the semiconductor area. Given the significant demand increase in the challenging supply environment, we are experiencing some shipment delays. This is most acute in the automotive and industrial tester markets where demand is significantly outstripping supply. We are working with our customers on a daily basis to minimize the impact of these delays. We see this challenge accelerating into the third quarter with supplier lead times increasing. I appreciate the incredible pace of our operations team and partners around the world have operated for over a year and continue to be impressed with their efforts to meet the needs of our customers. To sustain that pace and create a more resilient operation, we are continuing to invest in manufacturing capacity around the world. This includes qualifying redundant suppliers, production sites for critical components and redundant manufacturing capacity in new locations. Shifting to the balance sheet and cash flow. Our cash and marketable securities at the end of the quarter totaled $1.43 billion. We had $1 million in negative free cash flow in the quarter and spent $45 million and $17 million on buybacks and dividends, respectively. To-date, $67 million of the RTI convertible bondholders have elected to convert early. And in Q1, we paid $51 million of it to the bondholders. Regarding the buyback, we plan to increase our daily buying throughout the year and expect to purchase a minimum of 600 million in 2021, as noted in January. The relatively low volume of buybacks in Q1 was planned for three reasons. First, recall Q1 is a seasonally high use of cash, where we typically pay out our variable compensation and ramp up our prepayments to support increased Q2 test production. Second, we wanted to understand how much of our convertible debt would be redeemed in Q1. Third, we wanted to confirm the global recovery from the pandemic remained on-track. Now to Q2. As you have heard this morning, customer demand is strong and in nearly all parts of the business, our guidance assumes that we will continue to be successful dealing with the numerous material shortages we noted earlier and that we won't see additional pandemic related issues. With that said sales in Q2 are expected to be between $1.01 billion and $1.09 billion, with non-GAAP EPS in a range of $1.62 and to $1.83 on 177 million diluted shares. The second quarter guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles and the non-cash imputed interest on the convertible debt. Second quarter gross margins are estimated at 58%. OpEx is expected to run at 23% to 25% of second quarter sales. The non-GAAP operating profit at the midpoint of our second quarter guidance is 34%. Regarding OpEx for the full-year. We now expect OpEx will grow 17% to 19% over 2020. Note that this is up from our January plan for 2021, where we guided growth over 2020 at 8% to 10%. The increase from January in order of magnitude is in three general categories. One, higher revenue-driving higher estimated variable compensation and higher engineering costs related to mitigating supply constraints. Two, higher incremental spending to accelerate several engineering projects in test and IA. And three, higher-than-expected G&A spending related to legal, insurance and IT costs. As we noted in January and included in the estimate, we expect travel and marketing expenses to increase through the remainder of the year as pandemic restrictions ease. As outlined last quarter, we set our sight on reaching $5.25 to $6.75 in EPS by 2024 in our earnings model. In 2021, we expect our largest end market, semi test, to grow 14% and at the estimated midpoint above the estimate in our earnings model. Combined with industrial end markets recovering from the pandemic slump, these data points reinforce that our midterm earnings plan is on a solid foundation. We update our earnings model each January. In our next update, we will look closely at both the WFE forecast and test growth rates. To sum up, the demand environment across nearly all of our markets remain strong, and we are working closely with our suppliers and customers to expand shipments and minimize the impact of material shortages. We have had an outstanding start to the year, and we are on a path to healthy sales growth and profit growth for 2021. At the midpoint of our Q2 guidance, we will see sales grow 19% and non-GAAP EPS grow 21% above the first half of 2020, which itself was a record. We are well on our way to achieving our midterm revenue and earnings goals we set in our new earnings model. With that, I will turn things back to Andy.
Andrew Blanchard: Thanks, Sanjay. April would now like to take some questions. And as a reminder, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from C.J. Muse with Evercore.
Christopher Muse: Thanks for taking the question. I guess first question, as it relates to the higher SOC test outlook, can you share with us what you are seeing in terms of arm gaining momentum in both servers and PCs and how we should think about that impacting your SOC test revenue growth and market share?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. I think it is a sub theme of what is happening in the compute area. The compute market for test this year will potentially double. Arm is eroding certain established share positions, and we are doing very well with arm. But I think we are still in early innings there. I don't think this is sort of the end; it is sort of the beginning. And the proliferation of other bespoke architectures that are high 10 billion plus transistor count devices is proliferating, at least in design. They haven't started to ramp yet, but they are being worked on in design. So it looks to me like over the next few years that compute segment just is going to be very strong.
Christopher Muse: Very helpful. I guess as a follow-up, can you share with us your outlook for system-level test combined with HDD growth in 2021 and then thinking about the acceleration in nearline demand, how we should think about the growth CAGR there beyond 2021?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. I think the system-level test and HDD markets are both still on a growth trajectory. We had a big, big year last year. We didn't expect that we might have a little digestion this year, but no, it is still heading north. And I think on the HDD front, that one looks like line of sight for several years ahead is positive. The Exabyte growth in the 18-terabyte and above drive space just is very test intensive. And I don't see anything sort of blunting the transitions in the cloud storage to anything, but those high-intensity drives. SLT is a little more of a, I think, a lumpy market at this point. It could continue to sequentially grow, but it is still limited to very I would say, a small subset of the market, manufacturers building very high complexity devices in high volumes. Now engineering work is going on to make SLT more meaningful to lower complexity devices. And I think as those products come to market over the next few years, you will start to see customer expansion in SLT and the market will grow. But I would sort of say, I wouldn't be surprised to see plus or minus 25% year-over-year swings as we try to get to a broader adoption of SLT.
Christopher Muse: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Atif Malik with Citi.
Atif Malik: Congratulations on another strong quarter in guide. Mark, can you compare or contrast the mobility and compute piece at your largest customer, which was 25% of sales last year versus the 2018, 2019 period where you saw correction, obviously, the dynamics are quite different with 5G and now the compute piece this year?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. Unfortunately, I'm not going to be able to break down anything related to any customer's mix. So I can't address your question specifically. I do think though that the lumpiness compared to prior years has smoothed a bit because of the bigger portfolio of devices that are at play here. And one of the big revisions, I would say, to our market size estimate as we move through the year. I have always talked about and our largest customer, the demand profile becomes clear in April. And up until April, there is a lot of variability. And it is starting to become clear, and it is stronger than we had expected. So that is part of the story of what is driving up the market and our revenue this year.
Atif Malik: Great. And as a follow-up for Sanjay. Sanjay, if you can comment on the M&A strategy from here on the last earnings call, you mentioned that even some areas in Semi Test are interesting to you guys. So just curious with the setback in the AutoGuide area, what are you thinking of M&A? Thanks.
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. Thanks. Yes. So as you know, M&A is to keep of our allocation strategy. And over the years, we have had a focus on industrial automation. We have an active business development organization that continues to look at different opportunities. And we will continue to do so. And we are spending time as a management team kind of reviewing them. And when an opportunity makes sense both financially and a strategic product fit, we will act and we will advise at that time.
Atif Malik: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: I think, Mark, you mentioned something interesting in your prepared remarks, which is that there could be some correlation between the rising front end WFE investments at some point; they will have a pull-through effect on testers. I'm curious, what have been your impressions over this correlation from a historical perspective? Because this year will be kind of the second very strong year for WFE and that are expectations for almost 30% kind of growth this year. When do you see that impacting the demand for testers? Does it happen with a six month lag, does it happen with a one year lag? And what is the kind of - should we be expecting a 30% growth in testers next year, right? So just curious what you think the correlation is?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So there is a correlation and a lag, as you alluded to. So front end equipment usually goes into fabs, there is a period of time then after all of that is installed. Revenue gets recognized on behalf of those equipment makers and the fab gets tuned. The recipe, the yields and things before the fab has put into commission for real customer shipments. So that can take anywhere from - the good suppliers these days maybe get through that phase in about three to four months. But then it is not a light switch that turns on. It is more like a knob on a faucet because you start to ramp wafer outs slowly and you proportionately start adding testers. So what you can expect to see is, let's say, maybe the beginning of tester orders lag four to five months, but they really get going kind of a year after the fab equipment goes in. So if you offset the tester market from the fab investments by about, let's say, a year plus or minus three months, you get a good indication of growth. Now if you go back for the past five years, you will see there is been pretty steady monotonic growth in WFE and there is been pretty steady monotonic growth in the tester market. I think the most recent step, though, from 60 to 70 plus is larger than we have seen historically. So if all of that happens and it is truly put into commission, I would expect it to be something that pulls up the growth rate a little bit higher than we have seen in the past. But the one caution I would add is that what drives test again is transistor count, which we sometimes call complexity, but it is transistor count. And the capital intensity to build transistors at three nanometers and such on a per transistor basis is getting to be quite high. So it may turn out that it takes more CapEx per transistor at some of these nodes than it has historically. So that could mute a little bit the cause and effect. If you follow what I'm saying, but overall, the big, big picture is, you are right, it is correlated. Maybe it is a year plus or minus three month delay.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And for my follow-up, maybe one for Sanjay on the cost and the operating leverage perspective. So on the cost side are you seeing any rise in your input costs and what are you doing in response? Are you passing those along and will those be sticky overtime? And then kind of part B of that, I think, Sanjay, you mentioned operating expenses could grow 17% to 19%. Do you think when you grow OpEx that much, there is still leverage left in the model that could sales also grow in that neighborhood somewhere this year?
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. So first on the cost of sales, yes, we have seen certain cost increase. Raw materials, semiconductor components, et cetera. And fundamentally, we have been able to manage through those. And we expect, from a full-year perspective, we will be at model from a gross margin, 58% to 59%. And so we are just kind of managing through those cost increases. And from an operating expense perspective, yes, we are seeing a lower operating leverage in Q1, really some OpEx increases, but really throughout the year, you should expect to see us improve our operating leverage throughout the year.
Vivek Arya: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Mehdi Hosseini with SIG.
Mehdi Hosseini: Mark, I just want to go back to your earlier comment regarding transistor. It is interesting in your press release last night, you also talked about a smartphone unit as contributing to upside to SOC Test growth. So in that context, test growth. So in that context, can you please help us understand how smartphone unit growth and transistor density are driving the SOC Test growth or which one do you think is going to be a bigger factor this year versus 2020? And I have a follow-up.
Mark Jagiela: Okay. Good question. Obviously, they are related, they are correlated. But for example, in 2020, we saw a dramatic increase in the tester market when cell phone units weren't growing. And that was all driven by complexity growth. So you can see the power of complexity growth alone by examining 2020, it is big. Now in 2021, interestingly, we are getting a year where the, I would say, complexity growth of the silicon going into phones is less than it was in 2020, but that is been more than offset by the fact that units are going to grow. So now we have units working for us a little more in a year where complexity, it is going up, but not as dramatically as it did last year. So it is almost a multiplicative effect of the two. And this year is really a story of both, but I would say without the unit growth, we would be looking at a smaller market, a smaller overall TAM than we are seeing.
Mehdi Hosseini: Got it. And just moving on to system test, what is the mix between SLT and HDD and how are each one of these two pieces growing on a year-over-year basis. Thank you.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. Mehdi, it is Sanjay here. It is roughly a 50/50 split, plus or minus a bit. And as Mark indicated, from an HDD perspective, really strong end market growth and SLT, there is some investments going to expand that market. But we see growth in both.
Mehdi Hosseini: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Hi good morning, thanks for taking the questions. Mark, I wanted to ask about your market share traction in memory test. 2020 was a very strong year for you guys. Particularly in DRAM package test. You talked about customer mix or spending mix this year, driving maybe a little bit of a decline year-over-year. But in terms of customer pull and your expectations through cycle, what are you seeing in memory test right now?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So memory test is strengthening. At the midpoint of the new market estimate, it will actually grow compared to last year, which again was a good year. It is the sort of areas that are growing, some of them were participating in and some of them were not. So China is growing dramatically, and we are doing very well in China. So we are seeing good pickup there of the products in both flash and DRAM, and we are gaining market share. In other geographies where DRAM is growing, the piece of the DRAM market, final test for LPDDR5 that we targeted our new product for and have a design wins. That is also looking very good and growing. But what is growing even faster is wafer test for DRAM, which is an area we really don't participate. It tends to be a low technology tester product that serves that market; it is not a big profit pool. And because of that, I alluded to the fact that our share might drop from 40%, 41% down to maybe 38%, 39% for the year.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. That is helpful. And then as a quick follow-up, I just wanted to go back to the AutoGuide reset. And sorry if I missed this, Mark, but what has changed in that business over the past three to six months and perhaps more importantly, does this change how you think about your growth strategy, our M&A strategy within overall IA? Thank you.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. It doesn't change anything about our thinking on M&A and growth strategy in IA just to sort of take that one first. And over the course of many acquisitions we have done in the past 10-years, we have had various levels of success, I would say. The bigger acquisitions like the Nextest, the Eagles, the URs and the MiRs of the world have gone really, really well. And some of the smaller ones have taken longer to realize their potential than we expected at the beginning. And so AutoGuide is a case where we are kind of in that same situation. We started out last year, deploying the product into multiple big name, high potential accounts. And we are sort of lilly pad - lilly pad getting these initial deployments up and running. As we reflected back on where we stood, we were getting overextended on new accounts where the current accounts potential could be jeopardized by not doing more to augment the product with the ability to dock into other factory automation systems that these customers are implementing. So we have just decided, let's retrench around the five or six big accounts we have today, get them rock solid, develop these linkages to warehouse automation, manufacturing systems, strengthen our linkage to our MiR product line, so we have more of a seamless connection there. And just grow within those accounts and then go on to a more expensive footprint. So it is absolutely not what we planned a year ago when we acquired AutoGuide. But in the light of today, the opportunity looks so large that we think better off taking this task than just trying to proliferate more and more accounts.
Toshiya Hari: Makes sense, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from John Pitzer with Crédit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Good morning guys. Congratulations on the solid results. Sanjay, I just want to go back to your commentaries around supply constraints and duration. It sounds like from your prepared remarks, that this is going to last at least into the calendar third quarter. Do things get worse from here? Is there any way to quantify the impact it is having to your revenue and usually, when customers can't get what they want, they tend to order more than they need. So how are you safeguarding against the inevitable sort of double ordering and excess build out?
Sanjay Mehta: Yes, great question. So we are seeing shortages, and we have been able to - through our inventory strategies as well as multiple suppliers been able to work through them. Fundamentally, in the rise of the demand in 2020 and through COVID and then in [2020] (Ph) in Q1. We are seeing it in Q2, and we see it getting supply getting tighter. We are seeing lead times increase from our suppliers across the board. And we are booked out pretty much for the year. And as I said in my prepared remarks, we are spending more engineering dollars and qualifying different suppliers. So it is getting tighter as demand continues to increase throughout the year. And Q2, we feel pretty good about where we are at in the range. Of course, there is always things we are managing. But Q3, we see it getting tighter. Visibility, we have good visibility into Q3, some issues we are working through. And then Q4, the visibility, obviously, further out, it goes down. I would say on the duplicate orders perspective, I don't really see in the demand statement, a whole set of duplication of orders. We are working with our customers, we are understanding their specific needs and working to get them what they need and just working through that.
John Pitzer: That is helpful. And then, Mark, as my follow-up, clearly, a lot of conversation coming out of Washington about trying to get more domestic front end production inside the U.S. if the goal here is to kind of secure the supply chain, it seems kind of silly to build a wafer here that you have to then ship over to Asia to test and package. I'm just kind of curious from your perspective, are you seeing any drive towards sort of regionalization test capacity, what might that mean for your business in the future and maybe beyond even Semi Test, are you seeing across other supply chains, sort of a redomiciling of that supply chain that might actually help your IA business.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So I think there is a lot in what you just said. It is interesting and also possibly a deterrent to these regional fabs because a regional fab is, in my view, meaningless without the associated infrastructure around it, including test, supply of the chemistry, the local supply thing makes the whole venture economical. And as an alternative to doing everything in Taiwan, if you want to do in the U.S. or Japan or Europe, you really need a competitive infrastructure to get it done, so it will necessarily require test if it is not going to be an orphan. And I'm a little bit skeptical, will all of these jurisdictions have the 10-year sort of intestinal fortitude to move forward and invest in that kind of infrastructure build-out. But I think in the U.S. case, my read is that the answer is probably yes. The national security issues, there is just a lot behind this that suggests it is probably going to happen. And in the case of test and robots as well, I think the fracturing of the supply chain to be more geographically dispersed, on the one hand, maybe for a global economy is a little bad because it creates some inefficiency in the market, but for a supplier of equipment into that market. It is a helpful, it is a tailwind. And so I do think you are going to find probably globally a little bit less utilization efficiency of equipment because of this trend. But the national instincts around secure supply chains are going to overdrive that and probably subsidize it to some level. And I think both of our businesses will be a beneficiary of that.
John Pitzer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Hi, thanks. I guess a couple of things. First, Mark, I think you said that compute. So I guess my question really is for you to break down what the Semi Test TAM, if I take your $4.2 billion midpoint this year for SOC. I'm just wondering if you can break that down. I think you had said last year, of the 3.45 billion, it was like 600 million compute and so I'm wondering, out of the 800 million that is going to grow this year from 3.45 billion up to 4.2 billion. I'm wondering if you can kind of break that down. It sounds like most of it is compute because you said compute is going to double from 600 million last year. But I'm just wondering if you can sort of reset the segments for us as well.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. I will give you some rough numbers, but take it a little bit with a grain of salt because here we are three months later, talking about a big revision to our view of what the market size is. So I don't profess to be overly wise on this. But our current view on compute would be about $1 billion-ish market this year, for example. So not quite doubling, the year is not even halfway over. So who knows what could happen, but that is our current view. Mobility compared to last year is probably flattish, could be down a little bit compared to last year. The one part of mobility we haven't talked about that of all the places that are surging for demand, there is a pocket where demand is softer this year and that is in millimeter wave test capability. And last year, there was a lot of tooling for millimeter wave as some of the phones were early adopters of millimeter wave technology. But the fact of the matter is that telcos globally aren't deploying millimeter wave to any large extent spotty deployment in the U.S. and almost nothing outside of the U.S. And so that is suppressing demand this year for millimeter wave test equipment. That makes the - it is a little bit of a headwind for the mobility market. So call it flat to slightly down in mobility. At about, let's say, it is about 1.6 billion or 1.65 billion or so. The automotive and MCU market is closer to 450 for the year. That is up from about 225 last year, so big, big jump there. And the last segment that we sort of track is industrial, and that one is up to about 500 million from maybe 340, 325 last year. So that is how we segment it right now.
Timothy Arcuri: Awesome. Awesome, thank you. And then I guess I just wanted to maybe push back a little bit on the correlation between WFE and Test TAM. It is been a little more consistent in memory the past couple of years, of course, when you get these big pricing swings, that is going to probably go away. But on the SOC side, wouldn't you agree, your big customer is a significantly larger portion of the SOC Test TAM than they are of consumption in the front end non-memory WFE world. So doesn't the SOC market depends a lot more on what the large customer is doing in the test world than in the WFE world. So the correlation in SOC could sort of break down a bit because of what the large customer is doing. And I guess on that point, they've never been good three years in a row, not once, and this is the second big year. So how do you handicap the odds that next year is a big down year and that works against you in terms of share, even if the market doesn't come down that much? Thanks.
Mark Jagiela: Alright, a lot in there Tim, but I will try to take it on. So your point about the large customer or our large customer, never having sort of as a proportion of our revenue, three big years in a row. I think there is truth to that, but there is also a difference in what is happening, because the portfolio there is growing. If you go back to the sort of 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 area, it was kind of one device type that was driving the story and the demand. And now we are into a much broader portfolio, so I would just offer that that dynamics changed. And that is a fact that could propel this more sequential growth for a longer period of time. On the correlation between WFE test, SOC Test demand and whether that is stronger than who's buying, let's say, certainly, customers have different test intensities. And so part of the noise that is running under the hood, certainly as it relates to our revenue is related to large high test intensity customers and how much they are buying. We are fortunate that we participate in segments of the market that tend to have high test intensities, but that is by design. We target those segments. And it is not just one large customer that produces devices that have high test intensity. There are others, and that is where we play. So I would agree with you that if the market shifted away from high test intensity customers meeting high complexity devices, you could see a disconnect an anchor on the test market that was disconnected from WFE. But it just doesn't seem likely because the reason these investments are being made in the front end. And the reason they are so expensive to make is that they are going after three nanometer EUV lines to build devices for these very customers we are talking about. So I just don't see that the disconnect can emerge unless the fab sit idle. If the fabs are going to say, idle, yes. But if the fabs aren't going to be idle, it is the exact customers we are talking about that are going to utilize them. So I don't disabuse your point. It actually has some merit, but I just think the correlation, almost by definition, has to occur unless the fabs are idle.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay. Awesome Mark, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Krish Sankar with Cowen.
Krish Sankar: Yes, thanks for taking my question. And Mark thanks for the color on the SOC Test. I just wanted like focus on the compute test market and it looks like you said it is going from 600 million to one billion. Is the incremental growth all coming from custom silicon and if that is the case, can you just tell us how much your market share in compute was last year and how much do you think it is going to be this year? And then I have a follow-up.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So most of the growth is, I would say, coming - what is it non custom silicon, I couldn't say that. I think growth is coming from the nontraditional suppliers of compute devices is a disproportionate amount of it. But the other usual suspects are growing too. AMD, obviously, is growing and NVIDIA is obviously growing. So it is broad-based. But as a proportion, I would say, yes, you are right. It is probably some of the newer players that are growing the market faster than others. And as to our share position, historically, our share in compute has been below our overall market share. So maybe in the 30s and moves around in the 30s is where it is been. We are trending into a period of time because of this change of who is building these devices where our share is more likely to move up closer to our overall average share in the market. So if our SOC average share is somewhere in the 50-ish range, it might take a little bit of time, but that is kind of where we are trending to.
Krish Sankar: Got it that is really helpful, Mark. And then just a follow-up, I think you made a comment that you are kind of booked out for the rest of the year. Is that a Semi Test and a Storage Test comment and if so, should we assume that you would not see seasonality in the back half in Q4 because the demand is strong or in other words, it is your Q2 Semi Test revenue run rate sustainable?
Sanjay Mehta: It is Sanjay. So I made the comment that we were booked at, and it was really tied to our supply perspective. We are working with both contract manufacturers and our direct suppliers to fundamentally make sure that we have orders on the books until the end of the year, just given the supply constraints environment.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Thanks Sanjay.
Operator: Your next question is from Brian Chin with Stifel.
Brian Chin: Hi there, good morning and thanks for letting us ask a few questions. First, on the Semi Test business, I definitely respect that visibility in this or any year has limitations. But if I do take the midpoint of your new expectations for the test markets, take your market share projection and assume the majority of the second quarter growth will be Semi Test driven. I think I back into about a 10% or so sales decline in Semi Test in the second half of the year. Am I kind of in the ballpark here and to what extent is your backlog coverage supportive of this?
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. When you take a look at the numbers, overall, maybe I will comment overall. We are expecting to see, given the visibility and obviously, with a significant reset of the market size, and as we move throughout the year, the lack of visibility in the second half. But with all of those provisions, we are seeing overall an expectation that the second half of the year revenue will be slightly down, both for the enterprise. And that is a similar direction down for Semi Test.
Brian Chin: Got it, thanks Sanjay. And then maybe just on the industrial automation business and sorry if I missed some of this, but I definitely heard about China as a geography showing strong year-over-year growth a lot of growth in MiR and a snapback in the UR business as well. Can you characterize maybe Europe and North America; obviously, key markets as well sort of where are they in terms of their snapping back relative to where you might expect them to get this year?
Sanjay Mehta: Yes, hi it is Sanjay. Yes. So from a U.S. perspective, we are seeing the snapback, whether you look at increases over Q1 of 2019, pre-COVID year or even Q1 of 2020, similar with Europe, a very strong kind of double-digit snapback over either year.
Brian Chin: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joseph Moore: Great, thank you. I wonder if you could talk about in the automotive and the broader markets. The degree to which test is one of the bottlenecks they are dealing with, like we hear about shortages on wafers packaging, a little bit test just how severe do you think your bottlenecking them and then when you look at a 90% comparison in auto, it would seem like there is some catch-up in that, like does that create sustainability risk in your mind maybe next year?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. I think the big issue is wafers, not in terms of bottlenecking, the automotive manufacturers. That doesn't mean that we are completely aligned on deliveries for test equipment to the chip suppliers who are trying to ramp shipments. We are misaligned by a few weeks here and there. And we are pulling like mad and they are pulling like mad. But the big, big, bigger issue is getting wafer capacity. So we are not in the headlights quite yet, but we are certainly in intense conversations to try to pick up a week or two here or there so that they can get a little bit more out a week or so sooner.
Joseph Moore: Great and absolute level you have.
Mark Jagiela: Automotive always kind of goes in fits and starts. And I think the supply chain in automotive is going to come out of this, having learned a lesson that they can't be so lean on just in time. And I know that raises the specter of everybody's worry that there is inventory being going to be built in addition to real line demand. And I think that will happen. That is certainly not happening yet, that is to come. So there is going to be a phase here where we get through the urgency, then there will be investments made to build more, I would say, slack in the system for the devices that go into automotive. So that will be a bit of a balloon. But then it will settle back to, I think it is normal rhythm. Where increasing electronic and chip attach rates in automobiles will drive the market. And we are going to get to kind of a peak level of test investment in automotive this year, close to that $500 million number. And that could even - certainly, I think it could sustain through the end of the year because of this inventory catch up. But my guess is as we get into the 2022 area and beyond, it will sort of back into oscillating between the 300 million to 500 million range.
Joseph Moore: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Blake Gendron with Wolfe Research.
Blake Gendron: I want to come back to the Arm's SOC commentary, not from a market share perspective, but rather the complexity discussion. Because as we have seen large customers accelerating this Arm's rollout here a bit. So it seems like the architecture consolidates the number of wafers for various compute functions, simplify the circuit a bit. So share opportunity is notwithstanding. I'm wondering what the complexity in test intensity puts and takes are with this arms trend specifically?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. That is a little tricky. So first of all, let me say that most of the applications processors in your phone, which is a 1.5 billion unit market, are Arm-based processors. And those devices in the high-end phones, which comprise maybe 400 million to 500 million units out of the 1.5, have transistor counts on par with any desktop or laptop computer you might buy, 10 billion-plus kind of transistors. So when you look at the test intensity there compared to a traditional microprocessor, it is a little bit more efficient, I would say than the traditional microprocessor, but not a lot, more efficient. So for the same, let's say, 10 billion transistor x86 architecture compared to a map device in your phone, maybe it is at 90% versus 100% kind of test time delta, so not big. Now when you get into Arm-based compute devices for more non-phone applications. There is different cash requirements, different IO technologies needed that further complexify the Arm implementation that bring it back up to test intensity is very similar to the x86 world. So I don't see a big difference there.
Blake Gendron: That is really helpful and then a follow-up on industrial automation. You noted peripheral services that demand additional software apps and likely hardware. We have seen a bit of proliferation of companies that are attacking things like computer vision, machine learning other AI capabilities. So wondering what kind of artificial intelligence capabilities Teradyne has in IA to keep up with these trends. It seems like robotics peers, both large and smaller really descending on the cobot space here. Or could this be a focus of M&A moving forward?
Mark Jagiela: So it is certainly in our M&A funnel, there is various opportunities like that. But what I would say is that many of the startups in the IA and machine learning space that are exploring ways to enhance robots, cobots, are doing it on our platform as a partner. If you go into our again, UR+ ecosystem or a MiRGo ecosystem, you will see a variety of machine learning and AI tools. That have been targeted and customized for our products. So we are benefiting from them whether we own them or not. We do have organic IA products that we have on our MiR platform already. But it is going to be important for the evolution of ease of use and applications expansion for cobots, for sure. And whether we need to own it, or whether we need to be the preferred platform that they all write their apps for, I think, is still kind of a case-by-case consideration for us.
Blake Gendron: Very helpful. Thank you.
Andrew Blanchard: We are just about at the limit, but we can sneak one quick question in, if you would, April, please.
Operator: Okay. And your last question is from Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank.
Shek Ho: Thanks for taking my question. Can you give us an update on your revenue opportunity related to 5G for both SOC Test and LitePoint? And maybe in the 5G infrastructure side, are you seeing a recovery of that market in any region right now?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. I think infrastructure is really not driving much tester demand generally. It did for us back in 2019 when China was going crazy, rolling out sub-6G and Huawei was investing heavily at the time. But the kind of what is now a $5 billion tester market, infrastructure, 5G investments are, I think, always going to be sub-100 million and maybe more in the sort of $60 million to $70 million range. The bigger one is what happens with the phones and the terminals and such. And there, the U.S., the spectrum auction around sub-6G is concluded. I think that carriers are kind of clearly going to roll that out as their next step. That is, as I said earlier, going to suppress the demand for millimeter wave, which is the most test intensive portion of 5G. And so in the past calls, I have talked about LitePoint and Semi Test combined driving an incremental $400 million to $500 million worth of tester demand in the 5G era. And I think where we are in that now is we are probably in that $250 million to $300 million piece of it. And I think it is going to go sideways here for a while because of the fact that millimeter wave this year will be less probably investment than last year. And that will be the last kicker. Maybe it is still a couple of years out to bring it up to that full potential.
Shek Ho: Great. Maybe just lastly on the system level test, what is the size of that market today and how big could that be when those lower complexity devices that you alluded to starting to come into the market and maybe just a little bit on the competition side, how do you sustain your market share in that market?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. I think the market is pretty thin. We don't have a good number to give you on market size. But I think if you look at us in Advantest, you can kind of get a general sense. We probably, again, have 80% of the market between us. There are some other bespoke custom products that certain suppliers provide, but that is the way you could get at the market. And Advantest and Teradyne are kind of, I think, both hard-core players here. We each have our own benefits. And as we said earlier, this additional test step that high complexity devices are requiring is likely to proliferate into other markets. But two things are kind of important. I think some like the automotive market, as an example, is a very high-quality demanding market. But the volumes, frankly, are relatively low compared to something like a phone, 100 million cars versus 1.5 billion phones. So for a market like that with lower volume devices to take advantage of SLT, which they would love to. We need a different architecture that we are developing to address these, I would say, higher mix, lower volume markets. And I think our position and the sustainability of this is pretty good. It is like semiconductor tests, where the changeover costs are pretty high. Once you are in, somebody else has really got to have a better mousetrap by a long shot to sort of dislodge you.
Shek Ho: Thank you.
Andrew Blanchard: Okay. We are out of time. Thanks so much for joining us today, and we look forward to talking to you in the days and weeks ahead. Thanks again. Bye-bye.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you standing by, and welcome to the Q4 2020 Teradyne, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Andy Blanchard, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Andy Blanchard: Thank you, Sharon. Good morning everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined for our discussion this morning by Teradyne's CEO, Mark Jagiela; and our CFO, Sanjay Mehta. Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for 2020's fourth quarter and full-year along with our outlook for the first quarter of 2021. The press release [containing our] results was issued last evening. We're providing slides on the Investor page of the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion. Replay of this call will be available via the same page after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statements contained in the earnings release, as well as our most recent SEC filings. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we'll make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We’ve posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, where available on the Investor page of our website.  Looking ahead between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne would be participating in technology or industrial focused Investor Conferences hosted by Goldman Sachs, Citi, and Susquehanna. Now, let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, Mark, will comment on our recent results and the market conditions as we enter the new year. Sanjay will then offer more details on our quarterly results, along with our guidance for the first quarter. We’ll then answer your questions. And this call is scheduled for one hour. Mark?
Mark Jagiela: Good morning and thanks for joining us. In our call today, I’ll summarize our Q4 and 2020 full-year highlights and provide some initial comments on our outlook for 2021. Sanjay will then provide the financial details, Q1 outlook, and review our updated earnings model and capital allocation plans. Fourth quarter capped off an amazing year for Teradyne with sales up 16% from the fourth quarter of 2019, and non-GAAP earnings per share up 25%. That brought our full-year sales to just over 3.1 billion, up 36% and non-GAAP EPS to $4.62, up 62% versus 2019. These annual results, driven by strength in all of our test businesses, more than made up for a soft industrial automation market that was impacted by COVID. For the full-year, our SemiTest business was especially strong driven by investments in smartphone related test capacity, our expansion into the compute sector of SOC with our new UltraFLEXplus product, and the ramp of our Magnum EPIC product for DRAM test. In smartphones, global unit shipments contracted in 2020, but the growth in chipset complexity continued driving tester demand higher. Each subsystem on the phone, cellular power management, conductivity, display, cameras, and application processing has its own cycle. And in 2020 both the processor and the cellular areas took big steps up in complexity. We use transistor count as a proxy for complexity and the leading phone applications processors now exceed 10 billion transistors, growing double-digits each generation. In 2020, we also saw the beginning of meaningful 5G silicon content, which necessitated a build-out of new tester capacity. Together these lifted the mobility test market in 2020, roughly $200 million to about 1.7 billion. This continuous refresh of smartphone silicon should be a tailwind for the semiconductor test business for the foreseeable future. In 2020, we also ramped our UltraFLEXplus product in the compute portion of the SOC market.  Recall, this has historically been a $500 million to $600 million market, where we've had relatively low share. With the emergence of more players and applications in the processor market, including hyper scalars and AI, we expect this sector to outgrow the general market. The plus, brings a powerful value proposition in managing the unique complexity, power dynamics, yield learning, and time to market requirements of this segment. For 2020, we estimate the SOC market was in the range of $3.4 billion to $3.5 billion, up from about $3.3 billion in 2019. We estimate our SOC test market share moved up 15 points to about 54%. However, our internal view of share smooths out year-on-year swings due to the unique timing of investment cycles of both our and our competitors’ customers. By that measure, we estimate our normalized 2020 SOC share at about 50%. Another notable growth segment of our SemiTest business in 2020 was memory. In this call, a year ago, we noted a significant design win for Magnum EPIC product and LPDDR5 portion of the DRAM market. This new entry into DRAM test ramped through the year and combined with healthy growth in our [traditional band business], drove a 41% increase in memory sales from 2019. We estimate the market was about $900 million in 2020, up from $600 million in 2019, and our normalized 2020 memory share at about 42%. Beyond SemiTest, our System Test Group also had a great year delivering 43% growth, with the storage test business more than doubling from 2019. This is the second consecutive year of hyper growth and storage test driven by steady test intensity growth of terabyte HDD drives and similar growth in the system level test of complex semiconductor devices. In our wireless test business at light point sales grew by 10% from 2019 with solid demand from both our conductivity and cellular end markets. WiFi 6, ultra-wideband test, and increased investments in 5G related handset tests all contributed. The performance of our test businesses more than offset the weaker results in our industrial automation business, which contracted 6% for the year. The global slowdown in manufacturing activity led to a 12% decline in sales at our Universal Robots unit. MiR on the other hand grew 1% as makers of ultraviolet disinfecting products recognize the value of an easier to deploy fully autonomous mobile robot. On a pro forma basis, auto guide also grew for the year. While the environment in IAA was weaker than expected, the business troughed in the second quarter of 2020 and has improved dramatically in the second half, including record sales at UR in the fourth quarter. Collectively, the businesses returned to year-over-year growth in Q4 with UR growing 6% year-over-year and 41% sequential growth. With tests showing continued strength and industrial automation returning to growth we are set up for another exciting year in 2021. Specifically, we are expecting a strong start to the year across all our businesses with Q1 showing greater than 6% growth at the midpoint, compared to Q1 of 2020. As you know, full-year visibility is always a challenge as evidenced by our missing the strength of the test market and the decline of the IAA market and our forecast just one-year ago. That said, let me describe how we see things today. And of course we'll keep you updated in future calls. I will preface my remarks with a note that the well publicized surge in the forecasted semiconductor CapEx in 2021 is a very bullish sign. However, the impact on test is likely to be felt in 2020 and beyond as fab capacity built this year will drive additional testers in future years aligned to fab commissioning and ramping volumes and yields. In SOC test, the dynamics that made 2020 such a strong year continue into 2021. In addition, we have strengthening demand in the long dormant automotive test market with orders for our Eagle test product lines surging. Smartphone shipments are expected to grow in 2021 after contracting about 10% in 2020 and 5G content should increase. On the other hand, the SOC test market in China will likely be down in 2021 due to the expanded and full-year effects of trade restrictions that were widened in 2020. Also, as always, tester demand from our largest customer will remain opaque until sometime in Q2. Additionally, the global economic impact of COVID and its impact on electronics demand after a surge in 2020, it's hard to forecast with the arguments for both positive and negative effects. Taking all of that into account, we have a bit wider range in our SOC market size estimate for 2021 at 3.3 billion to 3.8 billion, up slightly from 2020 at the midpoint. In memory tests, the transition to LPDDR-5 and DDR5 should gain momentum in 2021 and beyond. After growing about 50% in 2020, we view the memory market to be in the $800 billion to $1 billion range in 2021, about even with 2020 at the midpoint. In storage tests, the underlying demand drivers of increased density and HDD, and increased complexity and semi devices driving system level tests remain in place. However, visibility is limited and annual shipments can be very lumpy. After more than tripling over the last three years, we expect 2021 sales to be in a band of plus or minus 20% from the 2020 level. For the rest of our test businesses, we expect growth in the 5% to 10% range in 2021. In Industrial Automation, 2021 is starting off on a strong footing. Barring any additional COVID-related manufacturing sector shutdowns, we expect to deliver the highest ever first quarter sales in each of our automation businesses and we are well-positioned to grow in excess of 30% for the year. 2020s results reflect well on Teradyne’s strategy, execution, and efficiency. Our test businesses show the successful results of R&D bets made in years past and enable us to increase those bets for the future. Our Industrial Automation investments continue undeterred by short-term impacts of COVID, and we are well-positioned to capitalize on a world emerging to invest even more in automation to improve resilience and productivity. Equally significant, 2020 showed the resilience of Teradyne employees, our global suppliers, and our operating model. In the face of unimaginable challenges across communities worldwide, the team dealt with health, safety, and operation obstacles daily, met R&D milestones, executed steep new product ramps, and delivered record shipments of SOC, memory, and storage text products to meet our customer’s needs. We get all this while exercising the cost and schedule discipline expected to Teradyne. This is truly extraordinary, and I'm very grateful to be part of such a powerful team. As we move into 2021, the outlook appears bright across all our markets. As Sanjay will detail, we are returning to our share repurchase program and have an active M&A pipeline. As 2020 taught us, no matter what comes our way in the short-term, I am confident our global team and market strategy will deliver exciting long-term returns for our customers, investors, and employees. Sanjay will now take you through the financial and modeling details. Sanjay?
Sanjay Mehta: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Today I'll cover the financial highlights of Q4 and review the financial details of 2020. Looking forward, I'll provide our Q1 outlook. An update to our mid-term earnings model and our capital allocation plans. Now to Q4, revenues were $759 million, which were $19 million above the high-end of the guidance range. We delivered a non-GAAP operating profit of 30% and EPS of $1.10. SemiTest revenue of $524 million was driven by SOC and memory test demand enabling 5G handsets and higher speed flash and DRAM devices. System Test Group had revenue of $104 million down quarter-over-quarter driven by lower storage test shipments. Industrial Automation or IA, revenue of $92 million had a seasonal increase over Q3 and delivered year-over-year growth for the first time in 2020. LitePoint revenue of $40 million was approximately flat with Q3, and down year-over-year with a decline in trailing edge conductivity products, partially offset by new sales of new conductivity technology like WiFi 6 and emerging UWB technology. Non-GAAP gross margins were 59% on plan and quarter-over-quarter due to product mix. You'll see our non-GAAP operating expenses were up 14 million to $224 million from the third quarter, due to increased test spending to support design wins, higher payroll, due to four extra days in the quarter, and ongoing IA investments. We generated $222 million in free cash in the fourth quarter. The tax rate, excluding discrete items for the quarter was 13% on a GAAP basis and 14.5% on a non-GAAP basis. For the full-year it is 14.75% on a GAAP basis, and 15.25% on a non-GAAP basis. We ended the year with cash and marketable securities of $1.55 billion. Turning to the full-year results of 2020, Teradyne revenues of $3.12 billion grew $826 million, or 36% year-over-year. $845 million of the growth was from our test portfolio, while IA contracted $18 million, due to the pandemic related slowdown. We had one customer that accounted for more than 10% of our revenue in 2020, which we'll disclose in our 10-K filing. Gross margins for the year were 57%, and operating profit was 30%, which is up from 25% in 2019. Non-GAAP EPS was $4.62, an increase of 62% over 2019. We generated $684 million in free cash in 2020. Breaking down the components of 2020 revenues, as outlined by Mark, SOC test revenues grew $595 million or 46% on strength and mobility, market driven by increase by device complexity and new standards like 5G along with growth in computing. In memory, revenues were $383 million, up 41%. While LPDDR related DRAM revenues were a significant contributor to our results, we also continue to see strong NAND test demand through the year. In system test, sales grew for the fourth year running. Revenue of $410 million grew $122 million or 43% year-over-year, primarily on growth and storage test for both hard disk drive and system level test. Storage test sales were $242 million, up from $115 million in 2019. We also saw annual growth in our defense and aerospace components of STG. At LitePoint sales grew for the fourth consecutive year to $173 million, 10% above 2019. In 2020, IA revenue was $280 million, a decline of 6% from 2019 on an as reported basis, or 9% on a pro forma basis.  As Mark noted, the COVID related driven slowdown in manufacturing impacted Universal Robots, reducing revenue to $219 million, down 12% year-over-year. After troughing in Q2, UR grew in the second half 2020 versus the first half of the year. In Q4, revenue grew 6% year-over-year, giving confidence heading into 2021. MiR grew slightly year-over-year, with annual sales of $45 million and AutoGuide full-year sales grew on a pro forma basis.  Now to our outlook for Q1. Sales are expected to be between $720 million and $780 million. Non-GAAP EPS range of $0.95 to $1.11 on 179 million diluted shares. The first quarter guidance excludes amortization of acquired intangibles, and the non-cash imputed interest on convertible debt. First quarter gross margins are estimated at 58% to 59%. First quarter OpEx running at 29% to 31% of first quarter sales is about flat with Q4 at the midpoint of guidance.  The non-GAAP operating profit rate at the midpoint of our first quarter guidance is 29%. Regarding our OpEx plans for 2021, we expect our OpEx to grow 8% to 10% from 2020’s $840 million. Approximately two points of the spend will be in the back half of the year related to travel, which we expect to resume to pre-COVID levels along with trade shows. In our test portfolio, we plan to increase our spending in engineering, sales and marketing, primarily in SemiTests. In IA, we’ll continue to invest to reinforce our competitive product and ecosystem position across the sector. Also in IA, go-to-market investments will be made to support expected revenue growth. Turning to capital expenditures. In 2020, our CapEx was $185 million. This was used primarily for customer demonstration equipment, operations, engineering, and initial spending on new facilities to replace leased ones in locations where we plan to grow over the next several years. We'll continue to invest in these new facilities in 2021. So, CapEx is expected to be similar to 2020. Recall, we're buying land and developing it to eliminate lease costs and enable a more efficient spend profile over the mid-to-long term. 2021 GAAP tax rate is estimated at 15.5%, and our non-GAAP tax rate is estimated at 16% based on current tax laws. Moving to our mid-term earnings model. As you've seen with 2020, our non-GAAP of $4.62, we've exceeded our 2022 earnings model two years early on the strength of our test businesses. We continue to have confidence in the long-term growth outlook for test and we expect IA to return to high growth as the global industrial economy improves. When building our midterm model, given our year-on-year demand swings, we've seen both in [test and IA], we use the average of 2019 and 2020 revenues as the baseline for our growth projections. From that baseline, we expect test revenue to grow 4% to 8% compounded and IA revenues to grow 20% to 35% through 2024. In test, we expect that growth will be driven by steady increase in device complexity across our businesses, along with the high-single-digit semiconductor unit growth trend line, In IA, market penetration of cobots and autonomous mobile robots and forklifts remains low, while the range of applications they economically serve continues to expand, resulting in an attractive long-term growth opportunity for Teradyne. We expect this will drive 2024 company revenue to $3.9 billion and non-GAAP EPS to $6 at the mid-point of our estimates. Gross margin is modeled at 58% to 59%, OpEx as a percentage of sales will decline to 28% to 29%, and non-GAAP operating margin will improve to 30% to 31%. The model assumes the current tax laws are in place.  Shifting to capital allocation. We’ll continue to balance a strong cash position to support our operating investments and potential M&A with direct shareholder returns through dividends and share repurchases. We are raising our minimum cash levels from 1 billion to 1.25 billion, with the $250 million increase tied to the increased valuations of potential acquisitions.  Recall, we held $500 million for M&A and $500 million for severe economic downturn. We will also be increasing our cash balance in 2021 through 2023 to service our convertible bond, which comes due in December 2023. To date, $51 million of that bond has been redeemed early, with payment planned in Q1, with the remaining face value of $409 million. Regarding share repurchases, in 2020, we bought back 1.5 million shares for $88 million at an average price of $58.32. Recall, we suspended our share repurchase program in April due to COVID-related uncertainty. We are replacing our prior approved program with a new share repurchase authorization of $2 billion with no fixed end date. We plan a minimum of $600 million of repurchases in 2021. As in the past, the plan has both programmatic and opportunistic components. In summary, 2020 inflicted incredible human and economic hardship on the society across [the globe] and we’re respectful of the widespread pain and loss. When the pandemic hit, I noted our priorities were the safety of our employees, supporting our customers, continued execution, and achieving our financial objectives. The Teradyne community responded with a collaborative and supportive spirit, incredible energy, ingenuity, and purpose, which delivered on all three of these priorities. I'm incredibly proud and thankful to be part of this team. We enter 2021 in the strongest position in our history. The work in 2020 has made us more resilient and prepared us for the strong market demand that we currently see in both test and IA. While our visibility for the full-year is limited. We're confident in the underlying market fundamentals, our competitive diversified portfolio, and our team which will enable long-term growth prospects for the markets we serve. Collectively, we're excited to turn our new financial model into reality.  With that, I'll turn things back to Andy.
Andy Blanchard: Thanks, Sanjay. Operator, we would now like to take some questions and as a reminder, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question comes from Krish Sankar with Cowen.
Krish Sankar: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Mark, I have two of them. First one, thanks for the color on calendar 2021. I'm just kind of curious if you could [peel] the SOC test market a little more to say, how much do you think mobility will be and how much do you think auto test would be this year on SOC? And then I have a follow up.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah. So, good question. Certainly auto is going to be up sequentially in 2020. We've talked about that market being at a normalized, let's say maybe more of a peak run rate in the $400 million to $500 million range, it's been sort of 200 million last year. So, this year that should be up at least 150 million, maybe 200 million. It's really right now a bit of a rush for capacity. And we don't know exactly when the demand profile of orders are going to taper off here. So, it could go higher if this persists. So that's the color on auto. In mobility, I think it's harder for us to see that at the moment because of the significant impact of our largest customer on both us in the market, which doesn't really become solidified until April-ish of the year. So, we're looking at it, sort of, flat plus or minus $100 million in mobility.
Krish Sankar: Got it, got it. That’s very helpful Mark. And then just as a follow up on the IA side, you mentioned [30% plus] growth, should we assume a big driver of that is going to be UR? In other words, UR should be higher than 30% or do you think UR is going to be in-line with Industrial Automation growth?
Mark Jagiela : Yeah, I think – that's a good question. I think all other groups are going to be better than 30. And some of them like AutoGuide are small, so I think they'll pull up the average, be ahead of UR and MiR UR should be about the same for the year.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Thank you very much, Mark.
Mark Jagiela: Okay.
Operator: Next question comes from Mehdi Hosseini with SIG.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Just want to go back to your SOC commentary. I'm a little bit surprised with your, kind of flattish outlook. And I say that because millimeter wave is expected to account for a larger mix of 5G phones, and I believe last year was just the early investment. So, why isn't the increased penetration of millimeter wave phone not giving you that incremental confidence? And I have a follow up.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, I think that's certainly a balloon for the year Mehdi. You know, maybe we're going to double the number of millimeter wave enabled phones in 2021, but yes, last year, if you recall, there was also a significant step up in the hundreds of millions of units of millimeter wave enabled phones were brought to market last year. So, if you add another 200 million to 300 million additional millimeter wave enabled units this year, and let's say that brings the global total to 600 million units out of 1.4 billion, you're essentially adding about as much capacity maybe a little bit more, because there'll be more than let's say last year, added 250, this year might add 350 million units. So yes, there will be a little bit of growth in additional millimeter wave test capacity. But last year was a pretty big year too.
Mehdi Hosseini: Got it. And then looking at the mid-term model 2024, what are the key underlying assumption for market share, especially as you try to capitalize on the synergies between semi and a system test? And in that context, are you accounting for any incremental share shift in the GPU end market?
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, hi, Mehdi, it's Sanjay. Yeah, so in the earnings model, we see obviously growth in the market. As Mark alluded to, you know, more players are coming into the compute space that we can address. And with that, we feel that with the UltraFLEXplus solution we're very well-positioned, and we are projecting share growth. When we think about from a memory perspective, you know if you go back, let's say 10 years, you know, we've been on this steady increase of memory share growth, where as we continue to execute, we see continued share growth on that perspective as well. So, really growth in market size, as well as continued share growth are our drivers.
Mehdi Hosseini: That includes the synergy between different sectors or segments?
Sanjay Mehta : You want to expand on that question?
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes. Just going back to the question, I see opportunities between your semi and the system test, especially as the system level test diversifies. And I'm just wondering if that's baked into your 2024 model?
Sanjay Mehta : Yeah. Okay. Thanks for the clarification. Yes, it is. You know, with device complexity we're going 5 nanometer and then to 3 nanometer. I think both system level test, as well as ATE test take that into account.
Mehdi Hosseini: Got it. Thank you so much for detail.
Operator: Next question comes from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Good morning. Thanks so much for taking the question. Mark, I wanted to ask about your largest customer, I appreciate, you know, things will remain pretty fuzzy or opaque, as you said, until sort of the April-ish timeframe, but can you sort of walk us through the potential range of outcomes you're thinking internally? And obviously you've got units, you've got, you know transistor density as it relates to the new chip. Also curious if there are efforts on the notebooks out of their business, in-sourcing CPUs, could have an impact on your business as well? And then I've got a quick follow up. Thank you.
Mark Jagiela: Okay, you know, I always am a bit reluctant to be too specific on any one customer. So, I'm going to speak more to the segment, a bit, which I'll bundle compute and mobility together here. So, last year was incredibly strong in both our traditional mobility market because of the complexity growth of phones, which we alluded to, and the fact that we did enter compute as a new segment. So, we ended up with additional revenues in compute last year that, you know, north of $50 million for the first year in that market. So, as we think about this year, the issue of smartphone unit growth and complexity growth of the apps processor, the camera systems and such in the phones is part of the equation, and we have a reasonably good read on that. On the compute side, there's a lot of moving parts there. And there's a lot – since it's a new market for us and a new market for some of our customers that has the bigger range of potential outcomes for the year. You know, so that's the one we're triangulating on. That could be up significantly over last year. It could be up modestly over last year, but at this point, we really can't be too specific.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. Thank you for the color. And then as a quick follow up, on industrial automation, I wanted to ask about, you know, the profit margin profile of the business, you know, where does it stand today, I guess as of 2020? You guys have done a great job in improving gross margin at UR and the other businesses that you've acquired over the past couple of years, and at the same time, you've been aggressively spending from an OpEx perspective. So, in your 2024 model, what sort of margin profile for IA is embedded in your numbers? Thank you.
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, hi it’s Sanjay. So, IA as a whole this year was roughly just a bit better than breakeven. Obviously, with the COVID impact on multiple businesses, and the contraction in UR, you know, we're just above breakeven, but you know, fundamentally, we continue to invest in the portfolio, the ecosystem, the go to market for product and differentiation, ease of implementation. And so you should expect that to continue over the mid-term and, you know we're focused on driving the revenue growth and the investments. And so, with that we expect the margin profile to be roughly consistent with the current profile, as we – as AutoGuide is relatively new to the organization, just over a year. We expect that to, you know improve with our, you know our Teradyne supply chain, as well as other quality processes we step in.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you.
Mark Jagiela: Just one thing, I’m going to add on to that commentary around the industrial automation business to remind people that what we focus on right now during the high growth phase of that business is sales growth and gross margin. And the bottom line, as Sanjay mentioned, if we're at breakeven, we're happy as long as we can sort of adhere to or exceed the Rule of 40. And through the mid-term, we think we expect to be close to that kind of up top line growth rates. And what we bring down to the bottom line will, kind of depend on the size of the growth, what we see ahead of us. And if we're growing at 50% and breakeven, we're happy as [indiscernible] and if the growth rates come down below 20%, we'll start dropping more and more down to the bottom line.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Joe Moore: Great, thank you. Following on the last question, can you just characterize the tone of business for the Universal Robotics business? And I guess in the context of, you know, it feels like a lot of the business activity in the last 12 months is business continuity and supply chain disruption. Maybe that's negative for new technologies in manufacturing. At the same time, I would think social distancing and stuff like that is an opportunity for you to just kind of characterize those puts intakes and just, you know what that tells you about what the trends may look like over the course of this year?
Sanjay Mehta : Yeah, sure. It's Sanjay here. So, you know, in the short run we actually saw a contraction as evidenced by, you know, how our revenues were. However, I think your comments hit home with regards to plant and warehouse decision makers seeking to build resilience into their supply chains. And we view that over the mid-term as a tailwind. We are seeing, we are seeing the market obviously come back with Universal Robots. We've talked in our prepared remarks about the automotive and electronics industry, and then we're also seeing strength in a couple of other verticals.
Joe Moore: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from C.J. Muse with Evercore.
C.J. Muse: Yeah, hi, thanks for taking the question. I wanted to follow up on Mehdi’s question regarding your 2024 model. So, if I look at your implied SemiTest revenues versus 2020 actual, you're up about 250 million to 350 million, which seems conservative, particularly when you reflect on, you know, what you're doing with system level test, new UltraFLEXplus. So, can you, I guess walk through, you know, what assumptions you're making in terms of market share for both SOC and memory implied in that number? And, you know, where you might, you know, point to as areas that might be conservative?
Sanjay Mehta : Yeah, I think that, you know, as I articulated from – I'll touch on memory first, you know, our share right now, [is in the] low 40s, you know, we see that – we could see that growing to the mid-40s in the plan, and then from an SOC perspective, Mark talked about our normalized share level of about 50%. And we see that increasing over the mid-term.
C.J. Muse : But within the implied model, are you assuming the 50% or the 60%, that Mark spoke about back in July as to, you know, what a goal could look like?
Sanjay Mehta: So, yeah, I think what we've been saying C.J. is that we can get about a point to a point and a half a share growth a year. So, by 2024, as I mentioned, I think our normalized share is somewhere around 50, we should be up around 55, 56 by then in SOC. And in memory, share moves a little chunkier, because there's only a few players there. So, on the memory side, you know we could be in the mid-to-upper mid-40s by then, I would say, is one way to think about it. But the other piece of color in terms of aggressive versus conservative that I'd add here is, the recent investment profile of the front-end with CapEx moving up into the $70 billion range is something we haven't modeled into our mid-term plan. We've assumed that incremental fab capacity across the mid-term would be sort of consistent with the rate that it's been added for the prior four years. So, if $70 billion plus of investment in [WFE] is the new normal for the next four years, that's certainly going to drive more tests than we model.
C.J. Muse: Very helpful. As my follow up, can you speak to what we should be thinking about for SOC test gross margins here in 2021 versus 2020? Trying to get a sense of what uplift might look like, particularly from Eagle test?
Sanjay Mehta: I mean, gross margins, we – you should expect are relatively consistent with how we've guided Q1 in our long-term model.
C.J. Muse: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Brian Chin with Stifel.
Brian Chin: Hi there. Good morning. Thanks for letting us ask a few questions. Maybe the first question that comes up is our industrial automation. Automotive has historically been a key portion of sales here and I was curious, do you expect or even need the auto portion of your sales to grow 30% year-over-year, given sort of the increasing breadth of market adoption that you might be seeing?
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, I think that, you know with an emerging market, there's still a lot of footprint to cover. So, we expect that to continue in the automotive vertical, as well as electronics and industrials, as well as other verticals.
Brian Chin: Okay. Yeah, I was just sort of trying to gauge whether you're seeing a lot of adoption outside of auto, and you know, in terms of visibility, you're starting the year with pretty good visibility. Is Auto kind of starting from a similar point, or is it kind of a little bit more than the [whole of the start of] the year, and you're going to expect a bigger snapback later in the year? 
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, we're seeing also – we're seeing market drivers and verticals, adoption, and education, R&D, pharma, as well as Life Sciences, but from a starting point, obviously, we have a very strong incumbent installed base over the years that we've built in the auto vertical.
Mark Jagiela: And I’d just add to that, that certainly automotive was one of the most hard hit aspects of URs business. You know, automotive has been running in the high 30s, 40% of the business coming into 2020 that contracted dramatically because of COVID, down, you know, to the point that it was in the low-20s. And I would say it's certainly at this point, although back and growing it hasn't come back yet to where it should be in our portfolio.  As issues around the semiconductor supply chain and other things have sort of crimped some of the ambitions of car companies to ramp volumes here, there's a little bit to go still. But our footprint over time since we acquired UR has been reducing in the automotive segment, not so much because automotive is not growing, of course, but it's just that our expansion into the other areas that Sanjay mentioned has been and we expect over time, that automotive component will continue to decline as a percentage of our sales.
Brian Chin: Great, yeah, I was sort of getting maybe at that and then in the 2024 model, [indiscernible] four years out, but can you give us sort of a rough sense of how much of the [IA sales might be AMR] or mobile vehicle driven? I think the split, roughly is kind of 80% UR, 20% mobile at the moment, could that be sort of like a two-thirds one-third in that timeframe?
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, I think that obviously, UR we've had for a little bit longer. And it is a larger percentage, but I think you're spot on that the AMR portion will grow with AutoGuide and MiR as a percentage of revenue.
Brian Chin: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Next question comes from Atif Malik with Citi.
Atif Malik: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions and good job on results in guide. Mark, the first one, following up on the last question AutoGuide, how is the adoption going at larger enterprises and warehouse customers? And then I have a follow up.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. Good question. So, to be frank with you, we had a good year. We grew, you know, 50-ish percent in the year, but we didn't hit our target. And part of this is extended evaluations that the larger accounts that you're referencing, and it's been very difficult in a small business like AutoGuide’s case in a COVID area to acquire new customers and get the pilot production validation work done in the same timeframe that we could have gotten it done in a non-COVID world. So, we've seen some extension of those [eval], but we're in the some of the boutique name brands for [evals] that you would hope we are in both the industrial manufacturing side, as well as the e-commerce side and logistics side of life. So, we're hoping that this year is going to be the big breakout year. It's the kind of business that should at least be doubling, if not more, once these big accounts latch, but we did – if any place sort of had a big impact from COVID last year, it was AutoGuide because of the whole, you know, new customer acquisition is the whole game there at this point.
Atif Malik: Great. And then as a follow up, you mentioned the China SOC test to be down this year, which makes sense given the restriction from last year, but some of the front-end peers have talked about maybe flattish China investments on the front-end and back-end is different. Can you just walk us through the components on where China investments are down and why you aren't benefiting on some of the mature technologies and nodes?
Mark Jagiela: Yeah. So, if you look at China, I think you need to separate memory and SOC, because it's quite different. On the memory side, there will be growth in China this year in test as well. And we – or we expect that at least. And so that's a healthy growing mid-term profile, I'd say for China. On SOC, it's really a little bit more difficult to see growth occurring this year. Because the impact of the trade restrictions on Huawei and HiSilicon are tremendous in terms of their buying power in the market historically. What they buy in both silicon and then test capacity for that silicon has been severely hampered. And then further restrictions on other companies like SMIC and such are much smaller factors, but are headwinds against growth. So, I think SOC is likely to contract, memory is going to grow, but net-net, you know, it's not going to be hugely down, but it'll probably be done a little bit on the test side of life.
Atif Malik : Thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. I have two, one on operating leverage, and the second on M&A. On operating leverage, Sanjay, I believe you mentioned OpEx growth of 8% to 10% this year, do you think there is a potential to still drive leverage with that kind of growth? And then when I look at your 2024 model, you're keeping operating margins at, you know about 30%, 31%, kind of where you are already, even though sales are expected to grow and Mark had outlined a number of interesting growth drivers. So, I was hoping you could talk to operating leverage this year, and then what would be the drivers as you look at your 2024 model?
Sanjay Mehta: Okay, sure. Yeah, so obviously, it's another – it's an investment year and I think, in my prepared remarks, I noted that we're getting back to travel and trade shows, which is a key point. You know, you really, if you look at it in two portfolios, we've – for the year, we're going to have leverage in the test business where the growth in OpEx as a percentage will be lower, but the growth in the IA space [with the] OpEx growth is higher. And so, the leverage, you know, from a – like we're growing in the IA space, but we will see, we should see a degree of leverage in the short-term in the test business.  When you cascade that out to 2024, obviously with the revenues that we're predicting in IA, you know, I think Mark described it well, if we're growing at 50%, and have a forecast to continue to grow, we'll continue to drive the investment, but as the growth starts to go down, let's say below the Rule of 40 then we'll start to drop more to the bottom line. That's how we're thinking about it.
Vivek Arya: But when I look at that 2024 model, right there, you know, you're forecasting overall sales to grow at 6% CAGR, you know, from the 2020 level, so that is below the 16% CAGR you have been at, and you're saying operating margins are going to stay pretty much flattish versus, I'm just puzzled as to, you know, if you're saying sales are not really going to grow as much as they have grown in the last three, four years, and operating margins are not going to expand from here, is that model very conservative or what needs to be done to either grow faster or drive more operating leverage?
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, I think that we’ll, and that's why in my prepared remarks [I comment], we looked at the model, not just off of a point of 2020, but off of an average of 2019 and 2020, just given the significant balloon in 2020 tied to the mobility space, and then the contraction in IA. And when you look at it from an average of 2019 and 2020, we believe in that growth, overall growth of the 4% to 8%, and then we are during that period going to be growing out the investments in the IA portfolio.
Mark Jagiela: And I would just say, if you go back to what we said, if you look at that pie chart of the mix, when we get up to 2024, IA should be a bigger mix of our revenues and tests. So, test will continue to grow and will have a very high drop through, it'll be very efficient and if that's all you're looking at, yes, bottom line, profitability should increase, but on the IA side it's more likely that we'll be growing more rapidly, and we'll be pulling up gross margins for the enterprise with the IA business. But on the bottom line, you know, we're being a bit conservative on how much we plan to drop through there, because we want to keep investing for more and more growth. So, it kind of just depends on what's the investment profile in IA and we've modeled in, you know we're not going to optimize for profit in the mid-term there, we're optimizing for growth.
Vivek Arya: Understand. And Mark, just a follow up to that, you mentioned the prospects for some additional M&A, I presume it's in the IA side of the business, but I was hoping you would talk to that, do you – are you contemplating kind of smaller tuck-in, you know, technology type transactions? Are you thinking about something that could be bigger and could require the use of stock? Just how we should think about what the M&A pipeline is and how it could impact this baseline model that you have set for us? Thank you.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah. So, most of what we have in our pipeline is consistent with the kind of things we've been investing in and acquiring in the past five years to six years. Industrial automation, modestly sized investments, let's say relative to our market cap. However, we have expanded our aperture a bit to look in the test space, and areas that are correlated to test, which bring with it potentially some larger, M&A things. It's always governed by the same rich internal rate of return metrics that we always use on these things. So, whatever we do is going to be something that's more attractive to our investors than buying back our stock or, you know, that those kind of – our internal weighted cost of capital. So, that's about all I think I can say about that.
Vivek Arya: Alright. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks. I had a couple. So for OpEx this year, you're saying it's going to grow about 8% to 10%. So at the mid-point, you're going to grow OpEx about $76 million, I'm wondering, Sanjay, if you can tell us how much of that's going to come in IA? And I guess, you know, another way of asking that is, sort of what sort of op margin do you think you can do this year in IA? I mean, you're basically breakeven last year, can you get to high single digits this year? And is 10 to 15 still the long-term target for that business? I know that Mark’s commenting that if growth slows, you can sort of crank back on OpEx and you can drop more, but just wondering if you can comment there? And then I have a follow up.
Sanjay Mehta: Sure, yeah, I think you hit it spot on. I think when you take out the travel and the trade shows, you know a majority of the spend will come in OpEx from – on a year-over-year basis. And from a profit perspective, you know, we're assuming growth, and we expect to improve, you know, back to our original growth plans, like if you think about 2020 as the anomaly and you look at the jump off point of 2019, we were about a 10%, you know, profit level with our growth. We should be in that similar level going forward in 2021.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay, got it. So, you think you can get to 10% op margin this year?
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, plus or minus, but yeah.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay. Okay, great. And then I guess, a question for you, Mark. So when you were going to your top customer, you presented a couple scenarios. I know, it's very tough to predict, but the scenarios you presented didn't include that revenue from that customers down, you know, I get that the compute piece is going to be up, but they're also not going to shrink this year. And in the past, that's been sort of a harbinger of a potential decline in the number of testers they buy, unless they're willing to live with a much larger die size, which may or may not be the case. So, I'm just kind of wondering, you know, I'm not asking for any specifics on that customer, I'm just sort of wondering if you can look back in the past and draw on your past experience and say, well, yeah, in the past, when that happens, that is sort of a harbinger of, you know, the potential that it could be down because you didn't present that as a down or as a possible, you know, outcome this year. Thanks.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, I think it's a possible outcome. But let me go back to what I was outlining in my remarks. When you look at the phone, there's various elements of the phone in terms of technology, apps processors, the modem, the cameras, the memory, those areas of the phone refresh and take leaps of complexity in different cadences. And in 2020, the apps processor and 5G, basically – the app processor had a big jump in complexity, and 5G proliferated throughout all the phones. So, as you look at 2021, the need for incremental 5G capacity, whereas in 2020, several, let's say 100 million units worth of phones needed 5G capacity. This year, it'll be less because the incremental unit growth there is one factor in incremental 5G capacity, plus complexity growth of the 5G modem itself. So, 5G is big in 2020, not as big in 2021. That leaves what's happening with the cameras, what's happening with power management, what's happening with the screen resolution, other things could be balloons that pull it back up, but I do think you do have that. 5G has happened for that one area of our mobility customer base.
Timothy Arcuri: Yeah, agreed. Okay. Thank you.
Andy Blanchard: And operator, we have time for just one more question please.
Operator: Okay. The last question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Hey, Andy, thanks for sneaking me in and congratulations, guys. Mark, my first question is just on the whole China dynamic, you're clearly guiding if for them to be down this year. I'm kind of curious if there is a date on between U.S. China relations is that a zero sum game, an exercise in market shift or do you think it would be accretive? And I guess more importantly, we're now seeing the U.S. government kind of incentivize domestic production of Semi’s. I'm just kind of curious as to whether or not you could benefit that from that either indirectly, as some of your customers build capacity domestically or directly as we think about your long term tax rate? And then I've got a quick follow up.
Mark Jagiela: Okay. So, you know, China, if for some reason, the restrictions on China ease and more indigenous Chinese makers start to grow again. I think it's neutral. You know, as business shifted out of China in 2020, it was pretty much neutral to us. There was – the customers that picked up the manufacturing of, let's say, applications, processors, or modems that would have been done by indigenous Chinese suppliers, or Teradyne customers and advanced test customers in a proportion that isn't that different than it was in China. So it ebbs and flows back and forth. I wouldn't say there's a big ramification. On the U.S. domestic supply question, you know, I think it's going to take a long time, and many, many years of a steadfast set of incentives from the government for that to mature to something significant to our business. You know, if we stick it that in the U.S. for seven, eight years, and really build up an infrastructure to manufacture semiconductors, domestically, I think it could have a bit of a positive impact. But I think it's small, I don't think because semiconductors might be manufactured in the U.S. All of a sudden, there's a propensity that they're going to buy more Teradyne equipment. It's at the margin, but nothing I would bake in as a trend line to count on.
John Pitzer: That's helpful. Then just as my follow up going back to the 2024 model, your explanation is to kind of how you're getting to the op profit targets you're getting to, it makes a ton of sense. I'm just kind of curious, to the extent that the top line proves to be conservative, how should we think about incremental operating margins above, sort of the high-end of the target model or maybe another way of thinking about it as IA gets scale, you know, where do we think the longer-term op margin of the business can go?
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, I think that if the test business, if what drives the incremental revenue of the test businesses come to fruition, I think you'll see, you know, higher drop through if – and again, just to repeat myself, if we're growing and we see continued growth, and we're going to continue to invest in IA that dropped through, maybe lower, but let's say it comes, let's say the revenues grow significantly over the first couple of years, and then at the end, they start to – the growth starts to tail down. You may see a little bit more leverage, but it's really, you know, we have to see how the market unfolds in IA, but you know, over the short-term, we are planning a significant investment.
John Pitzer: Helpful guys. Thank you.
Andy Blanchard : Alright folks, that wraps us up for today. Look forward to talking to you in the days ahead and those that are still in the queue, I'll get back to you straight away. Thanks so much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-21 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you standing by, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2020 Teradyne Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Andy Blanchard, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Andy Blanchard: Thank you, Josh. Good morning everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our CEO, Mark Jagiela; and our CFO, Sanjay Mehta. Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for 2020's third quarter, along with our outlook for the fourth quarter of 2020. The press release containing our third quarter results was issued last evening. We're providing slides on the Investor page of the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion. Replay of this call will be available via the same page after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements. They involve Risk Factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statements contained in the earnings release as well as our most recent SEC filings. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we'll make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We have posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures including the reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, where available on the Investor page of our website. Also, please take special note of the Safe Harbor Statement in the press release and slide deck for risks related to the COVID-19 pandemic and changes to U.S. export regulations. Looking ahead between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne expects to participate in technology or industrial focused Investor Conferences hosted by Baird, Wolfe Research, Credit Suisse, and UBS. Now, let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, Mark, will comment on our recent results, current market conditions, trade regulations, and our future outlook. Sanjay will then offer more details on our quarterly results, along with our guidance for the fourth quarter. We will then answer your questions. And this call is scheduled for one hour. Mark?
Mark Jagiela: Thanks, Andy. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. My prepared remarks today will cover three topics. First, the highlights of our third quarter and first nine months of the year; second, the impacts of the latest trade regulations on Teradyne; and third, I'll share with you how we're thinking about the test and automation markets as we closeout 2020 and look into the next year and beyond. Our third quarter results were above guidance and reflect the continued strength of our test businesses. Additionally, our industrial automation businesses grew 17% from the Q2 trough and we are now operating at 2019 quarterly levels as manufacturing activities in Europe and North America improve. At the company level sales in Q3 were 41% above Q3 2019 and non-GAAP EPS grew 53% from the year ago level. Throughout 2020, we have seen increased short-term upside demand across our Semi Test end markets. The impact of this is clear in both our above guidance results in Q3, and in our Q4 guidance, which at the mid-point is substantially higher than we forecast in July. Throughout 2020, the semiconductor ecosystem has seen somewhat cautious initial forecasts, which were replaced with better than expected actual demand, and tests has been no exception. We continue to run a manufacturing pipeline that allows us to respond to this upside. Stepping back and looking at our performance to the first nine months of the year, the results show the success of our new products and related designing efforts and the resilience of our employees, supply line partners, and operating model. Teradyne sales through nine months are up 44% and our non-GAAP earnings per share are up 79%. Our test businesses collectively grew 52% year-to-date, while industrial automation revenue on a as reported basis contracted 10% reflecting the pandemic impact. In Semi Test, we estimate the SOC market will be about $3.3 billion, roughly flat with 2019's level as automotive, industrial, and linear markets remain depressed. However, our SOC test business is up 53% year-to-date due to strong investments in mobility test, and the shipment of our new UltraFLEXplus platform which is ramping significant design wins. The principal driver of mobility test demand continues to be increases in complexity of cell phone silicon. This is especially notable in 2020, when smartphone unit shipments are expected to decline about 10% to 1.2 billion. Yet the collective test intensity of each unit continues to grow at a rate in excess of this unit decline. Within smartphones, the mid to high tier is the place to be in test and that's where Teradyne is solidly positioned. These phones are seeing disproportionate growth and complexity related to multiple high density camera arrays and the associated processing power and storage to manage this data. Another complexity driver is 5G. And these high tier phones are early adopters of the extra silicon needed to enable these features. Less than 250 million phones are expected to be 5G-enabled in 2020 and only a fraction of those will support millimeter wave communication. So despite the bump in 2020, we are still in the very early stages of 5G adoption. Memory test is another bright spot. The market is likely to be up about 50% from 600 million in 2019 to about 900 million in 2020. The shipment ramp of our Magnum EPIC product LPDDR5 win last year, combined with continued strength in flash demand has driven our year-to-date memory revenues up 70% from 2019. In System Test, revenues are up nearly 50% through nine months on growth in storage test and defense-related investments. Recall storage tests served HDD and System Level Test markets and we expect sales to more than double in 2020 to over $200 million. And at LitePoint, sales are up 18% year-to-date due to increasing adoption of advanced connectivity standards like WiFi, 6E, and our growing share in 5G production test. As noted earlier in industrial automation we saw a significant uptick in demand in Q3 with growth of 17% off the second quarter trough. UR grew 23% as demand in Europe, North America and China showed steady gains. AutoGuide continues to win new accounts and we expect over 50% growth in 2020 on a pro forma basis. Regarding trade, as we noted last quarter, the China military end user restrictions require increased compliance work and costs. But we do not expect any material impact on our sales into China. In the case of Huawei restrictions, the fleet of testers previously installed at OSAT to support their device tests are already being reabsorbed into the market to test the alternative sources of silicon supply that's growing to fill in the gap created by these regulations at Huawei. For example, in the third quarter, we have seen an increase in upgrade orders at these OSAT customers to reconfigure installed testers to meet the unique needs of new customers. This upgrading and repurposing continues into fourth quarter. Shifting to the future, it's difficult to make the call on how 2021 will shape up as it's been difficult to predict 2020 even on a quarterly basis. Customers will likely continue to forecast conservatively and respond close in to demand. However, semiconductor complexity growth has proven itself resilient to COVID and is the fundamental driver of our test business. With that in mind, I'll comment on a few of the key indicators that we will be watching. In SOC test, we will be watching the smartphone market for complexity increases to support higher performance video and still photography, the adoption rate of 5G and Millimeter Wave, AI integration, enhance that unit growth. We'll also be watching the automotive and analog markets for signs of a sustainable recovery in test demand. Longer-term the increase in edge AI devices should drive billions of additional complex chip units into the market by 2025, so early design wins in that area are key. In memory, the transition to higher performance DDR5 standards is just underway and should accelerate in 2021, along with newer high speed UFS and NVMe flash interface. The roadmaps for both flash and DRAM show continued growth in interface speeds, which is another driver of test intensity beyond the traditional bid growth and should drive healthy memory test demand over the mid-term. At LitePoint, the continued growth of WiFi 6, 6E, and ultra-wideband connectivity standards, along with 5G will be drivers for continued growth. A bit further out we expect the next-generation WiFi 7 standard will require another refresh of the entire existing connectivity install base of testers. Consistent test, storage test is the interesting wildcard. After a torrid growth in 2020, the underlying demand drivers remain in place. In HDD both increasing complexity and 30% plus annual exabyte growth. And in system level tests increasing device complexity and higher quality requirements are driving the additional test intensity. However, both are narrow markets and prone to swings in investment levels at individual customers. Our industrial automation businesses are well-aligned to long-term economic and technical trends in manufacturing and material handling so we are confident in their ability to return to high growth. The only question is how quick do the manufacturing economy returns to help. We continue to scale our distribution capability and invest in R&D to widen our leading position. Among other things, AutoGuide adoption by key logistics, e-commerce, retail, and automotive customers in 2021 will set the stage for multiple years of double-digit growth. Despite these comments, as I've noted in the past, we do not spend too much time trying to predict the various short-term demand drivers as they generally don't affect our investment plans. We do spend a lot of time trying to predict the underlying long-term growth drivers. We want to be positioned with the right products at the right customers at the right time. We believe the use of semiconductors across the global economy will continue to expand and chip complexity will grow along with that expansion. Similarly, in industrial automation, the cost performance of the sensor software and mechanical building blocks of advanced automation continues to improve making our products economically attractive to an expanding universe of customers. We have built our strategy on these fundamental beliefs and built our operating model with the flexibility to deal efficiently with the inevitable ups and downs of economic cycles. So while we can't predict what lies ahead in 2021, we finished 2020 on an optimistic note, the company -- across the company, our employees delivered remarkable results under very difficult circumstances. Our new test and AI products are seen strong market acceptance, and our R&D pipelines are well-stocked with future products to drive future growth. With that, I'll turn things over to Sanjay for the financial details.
Sanjay Mehta: Thank you, Mark, and hello everyone. In my remarks I'll review our Q3 financial results, comments on how COVID is impacting our business, provide Q4 guidance, and comment on our full-year financial outlook at the mid-point of our Q4 guidance. Our third quarter sales of $819 million were just above the high-end of the guidance range, which enabled a 30% non-GAAP operating margin and a $1.18 non-GAAP EPS, which is also above the high-end of our range. Strengthen in Semi Test and storage test were the revenue highlight. Improved profit was a result of higher sales, partially offset by a higher than forecasted tax rate. Our non-GAAP operating expenses were $211 million and our non-GAAP diluted share count in the quarter was $175 million. In Q3, our non-GAAP tax rate was 17.4%, which included a year-to-date catch-up as our estimated 2020 annual non-GAAP tax rate increase to 15.5% from our prior forecast of 14.5%. The increased tax rate is driven by higher foreign earnings, which resulted in an increase in the U.S. minimum tax on foreign earnings. We generated $280 million in free cash flow in Q3. We paid $17 million in dividends, had capital expenses of $63 million, and ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of approximately $1.3 billion and no short-term debt. Inventory decreased to $191 million. DSO in the quarter decreased to 65 days. We had one 10% customer in the quarter. At the business unit level, Semi Test sales were $592 million, up 49% from Q3 2019. SOC shipments were $449 million and memory test had record shipments at $143 million. Semi Test saw strength in mobility and compute applications in SOC where we continued to ramp our UltraFLEXplus test system. In Memory, we saw broad shipments across flash and our Magnum EPIC solution enabled continued strength in DRAM. We expect these products to continue to gain new applications as market acceptance has been very encouraging to-date, and they're well-aligned to technology trends in both SOC and memory tests. As Mark noted, the automotive microcontroller and analog markets remained at historically low levels in 2020. But we did see some pickup in the analog markets in Q3 versus our expectations. Several analog companies have outperformed their expected results, and we are seeing some unexpected short lead time demand as a result. Shifting to System Test. Sales in the quarter were up 61%, from Q3 2019 to $118 million. Storage test was the star at $76 million as both HDD and system level test delivered strong results. Defence and aerospace and production board test combined to deliver $43 million in the quarter. Rounding out the test portfolio, after a very strong second quarter, LitePoint sales softened to $41 million down 4% from the Q3 2019 level. Industrial Automation revenue was $69 million flat from Q3 2019 and growth of 17% quarter-over-quarter. UR contributed $53 million, MiR $10 million, and AG and Energid made up the remainder. While the COVID pandemic has negatively impacted our go-to-market efforts in industrial automation, we are seeing signs of improvement in several geographies across the globe, and some seeing year-over-year increases in sales. These positive signs in different territories should be balanced by a continued uncertainty tied to COVID-19 in predicting the pace of the global recovery and IA over the short-term. Turning to the impact of COVID-19. At Teradyne, our priorities remain consistent during the coronavirus pandemic: safety of our employees, supporting our customers, and a focus on execution to achieve our financial objectives. In line with my prior earnings call remarks; I want to acknowledge the continued challenges during the pandemic that our employees, customers, suppliers, and their families are going through. Operationally we continue to work through supply line issues in the quarter. And again, I must recognize the incredible work and skill of our operations team and our supplier partners to successfully overcome a wide variety of challenges to meet our customer requirements. Great execution also by our engineering teams in introducing new products and delivering products during the quarter, while overcoming significant supply chain issues along the way. In late October, we're in a much better spot than six months ago. That said there's still uncertainty of how this pandemic will impact global supply chains and market demand going forward. We still expect to encounter spot shortages and other issues through the remainder of the year and likely into 2021. Our guidance range continues to be wider than typical to reflect the potential impacts of these uncertainties and some short-lead time business noted earlier. Our test portfolio continues to execute, grow share and revenues. As a result, we are investing alongside our contract manufacturers to increase capacity and resilience in our supply chain. Specific actions include building larger buffer stocks and some components and increasing the geographic diversity of our supply and contract manufacturing. During the pandemic, we reduced our OpEx spending, types to travel, Trade Shows, and other go-to-market activities. The savings were approximately $8 million to $10 million per quarter. Post the pandemic, when returning to normal, we expect these expenditures to come back to our P&L. Moving to the outlook for the fourth quarter. We expect revenue of $680 million to $740 million and a non-GAAP EPS of $0.90 to $1.06 on 175 million diluted shares. This guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles, and non-cash imputed interest on convertible debt. In prior guidance, I noted headwinds on gross margin in the second half of the year before returning to historical levels in 2021. I'm happy to report we're ahead of that plan and gross margins are now expected to be 58% to 59% in Q4, up from 56% in Q3. The earlier than expected improvement in margins is driven by increased volume, improved mix, and supply chain execution in our new product ramps. In Q4, we expect operating expenses to be 29% to 31% of sales. The operating profit at the mid-point of our Q4 guidance is 29%. As Mark noted, you can see we've been positively surprised by both SOC and memory test demand since our last call. Continued strength in mobility test solutions for several customers was the primary driver, but we've also seen unforecasted demand with expedited lead times elsewhere in our test portfolio. For example, analog solutions utilizing our Eagle test systems and DRAM memory applications for our Magnum EPIC systems have also driven up demand in Q4. We have seen this pattern play out over the last several months. Looking at the full-year from a financial perspective, short-term slowdown in IA has been more than offset by the growth in our test businesses. At the mid-point of our Q4 guidance, our 2020 revenues should be above $3.1 billion and non-GAAP EPS will be approximately $4.50. Gross margin for the full-year should be above 57%, down from 58% in 2019, reflecting the impact of high semiconductor shipments for mobility, along with a short-term impact of faster than expected ramps of new products. Our 2020 non-GAAP operating profit rate will be in the high 20s, up from 25% in 2019. And our full-year tax rate is expected to be 15.5%. Through nine months, we spent $147 million on CapEx and we expect we'll spend $193 million for the full-year. At the start of the pandemic it was unclear as to the depth and the duration of the economic consequences. As a result, we took actions to strengthen our liquidity and cash position. For example, we suspended share buybacks on April 1, and expect to end the year with approximately 175 million diluted shares. Given that share repurchases have historically been a part of our balanced capital allocation strategy we'll update you in our January call on our Capital Return Plan for 2021. Looking ahead, at 2021, from a modeling perspective, macroeconomic conditions, timing of pandemic recovery, and political environment all add uncertainty. The environment and demand uncertainty prevents us from speculating on 2021 market sizes. But at a high-level we expect gross margins to return to historical levels and OpEx to grow. From a longer term model perspective, you can see that at the mid-point of our Q4 guidance will be inside the revenue range and above the EPS range of our 2022 earnings model. We'll provide you an update of the earnings model in our January call. To summarize, we closeout Q3 with outstanding financial and operational performance in a difficult working environment, and I again, thank our employees and partners for their incredible efforts. We entered Q4 with a forecast of higher than expected sales and earnings on the strength of mobility and memory. For the full-year share gains in Semi Test and increased traction in our storage business enable us to exit the year stronger than when we entered. The industrial automation market is showing early signs of improvement and we continue to invest in this segment as we monitor the market progress closely. While we're not immune to the macroeconomic shocks and our market visibility is limited, as you've seen since early July, overall, we feel good about our execution during 2020 in a challenging environment. It's too early to estimate demand in 2021, but we'll be prepared from a product, operation, and balance sheet perspective for whatever comes our way. With that, I'll turn things back to Andy.
Andy Blanchard: Thanks, Sanjay. Josh we would now like to take some questions. And as a reminder, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. Please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question or comment comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: All right. Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on the strong results and your execution. Mark, I'm curious how much did 5G contribute to your results in calendar 2020 versus what you thought at the start of the year? And the context says that your large mobility customer now already has all their models with 5G and I think the U.S. ones already feature Millimeter Wave. So does it mean that going forward, you're more dependent on unit growth rather than content growth at least when it comes to mobility-related functions? So just what -- what is the 5G TAM as you see it now and where are you in that journey?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So just to refresh on the 5G TAM, we've been talking about a $400 million adder to the market. And we're roughly 200, 250 into that $400 million adder and we expect that will peak out in the 2023/2024 timeframe as the -- in that timeframe, we would expect most greater than 50% of cell phones would have Millimeter Wave capability built-in. And that would run at that $400 million level for three or four years. So that -- that's sort of a baseline. Where we are this year was, just on the 5G content of cell phones, it's probably about $50 million higher than we expected this year, so certainly, more than we expected, but not dramatically more. So instead of the market being at what we might have thought a $200 million market it may be closer to $250 million. Now, the other point you make about, without speaking to any specific customer situation, the market in terms of test equipment for 5G is facilitated to support about 300 million -- maybe 250 million units of 5G capability. And so it's still a small fraction of what will happen over the next few years. So now, Teradyne's concentration is a different matter. But I do think, for the market that remains out there, the other 1.25 billion phones that are going to move to 5G over the next few years, you can assume that our market share in that space is roughly 50%. So we're pretty concentrated in what happened this year, but we have a very good position in what's happening over the next few.
Vivek Arya: And for my follow-up, I know you're not giving, specific 2021 outlook, but I'm curious after this very strong year that you had across the board in almost every division and outside of IA, what -- of those markets do you think face a tougher comparison next year. But was there -- were there any one-offs, either from end market or customer or product perspective that you think face tougher comparisons year-on-year as you look into next year, just trend wise. Thank you.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. And it probably sounds like a cop-out, but, no, I don't. All the markets that in test showed growth this year have their own story. And the one thing I would maybe cite that I said in the script that's a bit of a wildcard is the storage test piece where we had a phenomenal year doub -- more than doubling of sales there. If again, if we listen to what customers are telling us, we think that still has room to run, but it's a thin market in terms of the customer base. And that one's a bit more of a wildcard than the others. But I don't see any other one-off issue with what we've seen in 2020 that would sort of say, boy, that's going to be tough to beat next year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Brian Chin from Stifel. Your line is now open.
Brian Chin: Hi. Good morning, and thanks for letting us ask a few questions. I guess, first, but maybe for you, Mark. Yes, just curious again, is those what you're seeing from a test utilization and/or market breadth standpoint could you at least say a degree of confidence that these stronger market conditions are likely to sustain into next year. And I realize that again, it's early to provide any official outlook on the test TAM, but can you at least give us a directional sense because in a vacuum, if smartphone unit demand growth, say 5% to 10% next year instead of contracting 10% and 5G mix continues to shoot up, is there a reason to think that yours and the market TAM would not grow next year?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. I think in that scenario that you cite, it would hard -- it would be hard to imagine if the market TAM wouldn't grow. And so, but there's so many variables. We've proven to ourselves and to you that we're not even that good at predicting the current quarter or the next one out. And so we're a little more gun shy about speculation I could say. But the issues that you cite around the suppressed unit demand for automotive, cell phones, both are significantly down in units this year, yet test is still jumping out of the gym. So a recovery next year in those two unit volume areas should bode well. But COVID is still out there, the economic situation of the world is unknown. So we're just -- we're not going to go too far out on a limb here and try to speculate.
Brian Chin: Okay. That's fair enough. And maybe second, just citing the recovery you're seeing in UR sales in 3Q and sounds like that's ongoing into 4Q. I would assume maybe this is occurring absent any real sizable recovery in key markets such as auto. And maybe you can provide more color on the applications and markets that have begun to exhibit some improvement?
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. Hi, it's Sanjay. So just, obviously, we've seen growth quarter-over-quarter and a little bit more color. In UR we grew, in IA 23%, and actually was one of the reasons why we exceeded our guidance this quarter. What we've seen as manufacturing kind of comes back online, we've seen the U.S., Europe and China bode strength. And really it's a function of both growth in the quarter and a couple of those markets we're actually seeing year-over-year growth. And so -- and then also from an AG perspective that continues to grow.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Toshiya Hari Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Toshiya Hari: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question and congrats on the strong quarter and guidance. Mark, I wanted to ask you on market share in both SOC test and memory test. You're clearly executing really well in both segments. On the SOC test side I guess the question is, is the growth that you're seeing in market share this year, primarily due to your largest customer having strong year or are you picking up share elsewhere within SOC test? And then, similarly, on the memory test side, again, very big quarter in Q3. How should we think about sustainability into 2021? Are you seeing when that would support continuity in the current trajectory or should we consider this to be more of a one-off? And I've got a quick follow-up.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. It's a good question because the whole market share year-to-year is very volatile so how do you make any sense out of it. Just to give you an example, Teradyne's market share last year in SOC was probably around 40%, this year it's going to be somewhere in the mid-50s. So what's real? So here's how I would characterize it. Last year's 40% wasn't real, it's probably -- it was probably in terms of real market share closer to the mid-40s. We have -- in this year it'll probably be in, like I said, the mid-50s. But what we have done is pick up real non-customer buying patterns share year-over-year due to designs we had last year and that's to the tune of, let's say, five or six points of real market share. So off that base of 45 last year, this year we're probably really normalized running at -- in the low 50 -- 50 to low 50s is the market share position I'd say we're at today. And there's been a lot going on that influences that. Some buyers of equipment have exited the market like Huawei that causes some systemic shift in share. And in Teradyne's case, we certainly was a huge customer of Teradyne's, but we were -- it was a bit below our average share point. And as that silicon supplier redistributes, that helps us. The UltraFLEXplus has designed into some new segments that we've really not participated in for the past decade, that's real new share. It's also designed into some other segments that are new to us. So under the covers of what looks like mathematically a 40 to 55, let's say, point share gain in 2020, what's really I would say happen as we've gone from mid 40s to 50 to low 50s based on that. In memory, now memory is a market where we see the TAM growing significantly this year, it's gone up $300 million from $600 million to $900 million, about $200 million of that's in DRAM and about $100 million is in flash. And fortunately, we were successful in entering that DRAM segment last year with our new Magnum EPIC. And so we've been able to grow as that DRAM segment has grown this year. And that brings us to -- I'd say our true market share and our reported market share are going to really be close in memory in the low 40s. And what we've said is that given our footprint now with our products and customer base, we legitimately see a way to get that to that 50% level over the next few years. So maybe that's a longwinded answer. But those are the two touch points I can give you.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you for the color. And then, as a quick follow-up, I wanted to ask on industrial automation profitability. I suppose over the past several years, you've been in investment mode in the business growing your distribution network, investing in R&D. I think currently, you're around break-even given muted revenue levels. But how should we think about kind of through cycle profitability in IA and if you could remind us what your long-term margin target is for the IA business, that would be super helpful. Thank you.
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. Hi, it's Sanjay. So one question there, but maybe I'll give you a little bit of color. Recall in 2019, our IA a business had an operating profit of about 10%. We entered the year in 2020 a big investment year, but we expected to be around that same operating profit. COVID hit a lot of the go-to-market OpEx; we reduced obviously, because it was run rated towards the higher revenue levels. And in the first half of the year, we lost money. In Q3, we were slightly profitable and as we've said in Q -- or in Q4, we expect revenues to continue to increase and to grow that profit level. We haven't concluded on our 2021 plan, but my expectation assuming that revenue continues, we're going to then obviously increase some of the go-to-market, obviously, with travel, Trade Shows, et cetera. But the engineering investment has not really wavered from that standpoint. And so we expect to continue to heavily invest in industrial automation. So over the next several years, you would expect that our profitability wouldn't be at kind of a company average because it's still in investment mode as we grow. And then what we said over the horizon is that or -- sorry, over the mid-term, is that we expect the revenues to grow between 20% to 35%.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of C.J. Muse from Evercore. Your line is open.
C.J. Muse: Yes. Good morning. Thank you for taking the question. I guess, Mark, wanted to, I guess, go back in time and use your memory because I can't remember. But if you look back to AP, and all of mobility in the kind of 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018 period, despite, I guess, some constant issue around, Apple, fully buying your testers, you continue to see strength in that businesses as other players came in. So curious, as you look back in time, around the 4G ramp, and then look forward to 5G, and what you're seeing in terms of silicon content, on the RF side in particular Millimeter Wave as well as some of the processing capabilities required, how does that make you feel around what you think the trajectory of mobility test could look like, over the coming one, two, three years relative to the strength that you're seeing here in 2020?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. Good question. So just put a little bit in perspective. So the TAM, or the test market for mobility, if you go back to, let's say, 2017, 2016 timeframe was roughly a billion dollars of test equipment for mobility. This year, we estimate it will be close to 1.6 billion and that's one data point. And that's in light of lower unit volumes. Another data point I'll give you is that if you look at a 4G phone and add up all the silicon in a typical 4G phone from a few years ago, and say, how -- how much time does it take to test all that silicon? And then you take, let's say, a high-end 5G phone today that are just coming on the market and ask the question, how long does it take to test all of that silicon and all I'm talking about now is the RF content in the apps processor. I'm not talking about the cameras and the power management and all that other stuff. It's up about 60% on a per unit phone basis, and we're just getting into 5G content phones. So you can see that there should be as long as the units stay reasonable on cell phones and 5G keeps rolling out a lot of tailwinds around continued growth of the mobility TAM.
C.J. Muse: It's very helpful. I guess, as a follow-up question you talked about mid 50's share here in 2020. On the last earnings call, you talked about a target of 60%. And I guess can you kind of speak to what can bridge those five points, particularly around anything you can say around wins with UltraFLEXplus as well as the fact that auto and linear are probably down 35% this year versus last year? So I would say simply right there that could bridge you to 60 in 2021. Thank you.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So just on the shift. First of all, I'm not going to use -- as I mentioned earlier, 55 as our normalized share right now, I'd say it's somewhere around 50 plus or minus. So how do we get 10 more points, this is probably the right way to think about it. And there's a clear path there in my mind. So one piece of it is, as you cited, when automotive and linear comes back that's a place where we have higher than normal market share and that will be a bit of inflator to our share. The UltraFLEXplus though is a key component of the strategy. We've already secured some segments that we've not participated in in a long time; they're just beginning to ramp this year. So that platform designing into those segments alone should bring us halfway at least to that 60 or to extra 10 points you need to get there. So if analog brings us a couple of points and the UltraFLEXplus brings us maybe another five, now we're talking -- we're up in that sort of seven-ish range. And then the last piece that I alluded to in my script is there's this and this is another UltraFLEXplus story, I think. But edge AI devices are growing, our position there is encouraging. And I see that that segment has it establishes itself, if we can get that early design wins to kind of ramp with that growth of devices at the 60% share kind of level that can pull us the rest of the way. But we're talking -- by the way, we're talking maybe this is five years, six year journey, it's not something that's around the corner.
Andy Blanchard: Can we have the next question, please? Operator?
Operator: Yes, sir. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini from SIG. Your line is open.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes, sir. Thanks for taking the question. Couple of follow-ups regarding your Q3. So if upgrading some of the install testers that last year were useful, Huawei helped with the semi services, how should I think about looking forward and its impact on the SOC tester. To what extent system upgrades of the past six months would have an adverse impact on new SOC tests demand? And as a second question or follow-up, can you elaborate on the mix of HDD system and to what extent a strength in advanced packaging like chiplets have impacted, any detailed color that would help us separate HDD from system level test would be great. Thank you.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. Hi, Mehdi. It's Sanjay. I'll take the first one. So from a services perspective, yes, in the quarter we did see some drop in our surprise [ph] demand and really some of it was tied to the upgrade of kind of existing testers that are being reconfigured at OSATs to test other silicon providers, silicon. And it was very high quarter from a services perspective. We did have some increases on new testers as well. But we expect that business to kind of continue at or -- once we get through I would say the migration or repurposing of existing testers at the OSATs for other customers. So we expect that to be a little bit up in the very short-term to get back to normal over the mid-term.
Mehdi Hosseini: And then the HDD and SLT?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So on HDD and SLT, so roughly the way to think about it is, today the revenue split there is almost 50-50, it fluctuates, but roughly 50-50. Going forward, there's a lot -- there's actually upside on both sides of this. So on the HDD side, what really has been driving that business historically has been exabyte growth rates. But the -- this is a similar story to test intensity. These 18 plus giga -- terabyte plus drives that are being produced and the roadmaps that we have, have rather sophisticated electronics to allow for high density, error-free read-write operations that require more test intensity. So we're getting a multiplicative effect on the HDD side a bit on top of exabyte growth. So we are optimistic that that leg of the stool in storage test can continue to grow. SLT is a little more of our hardest to --
Andy Blanchard: Operator, we're getting some noise here, by the way.
Mark Jagiela: And so the -- on the other side of it, the SLT side, chiplets and things like that, certainly, that complexity presents an opportunity for more system level tests, testing the module, so to speak, before they go into a higher value-added sub-assembly is going to be a premium. So that's good theory. And we're in various trials around various customers to see if economically it makes sense to -- for those class apart add a test insertion. It's made sense for some mobility parts, but remember those are billions of units a year. So the question really that we didn't -- we haven't gone out on a limb yet and really answered for ourselves is how far down the unit volume equation can SLT go to make sense. So that one I'd say it's still a bit of a wildcard.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question and comment comes from the line of Atif Malik from Citi. Your line is open.
Atif Malik: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. The first one for Mark. Mark, if you can remind us about your opportunity on the compute side. There's a discussion that the buy side is for the CPUs for North American customer notebooks next year could be three to five times larger than what's used in tablets. Can you just talk us -- talk about the compute opportunity for Teradyne this year, next year?
Mark Jagiela: Well, compute is an area that Teradyne really hasn't participated in since the '90s. The UltraFLEXplus was specifically designed to give us that opportunity to break back into that segment. And again, roughly just to give you numbers, you can think of compute as somewhere in that $600 million a year TAM in the total market right now. I expect that's going to grow because the diversity of suppliers of compute devices is growing. There's a bit of a disaggregation of the supply chain for compute devices. So the UltraFLEXplus is targeted there. It's had some success already in that mission and we expect that will continue. So I do think it's a rich area for us, but to put it in perspective, it's a market that's about maybe around $600 million on average now could grow to $800 million in the next year or two.
Atif Malik: Great. And then, Sanjay, there was no material impact to your sales from military end-use China restrictions like you talked about. But can you talk about if the demand from domestic China's semiconductors memory and logic was higher than what you expected in both Q3 and Q4, and how big is domestic China's semiconductors as percentage of the total sales?
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. So maybe I'll start with the end. So roughly 15% in Q3 of our sales we're trying to base. And so it's true that with the regulations either tied to Huawei or discussions about SMIC or the military end-use. Really from a military end-use perspective, there's a tremendous amount of internal compliance work that we're doing to ensure that we are compliant with the regulations and it has not had a material impact on our revenue stream. And I think in earlier remarks, we've made is that as the end-market remained the same and the silicon -- different silicon providers are providing solution for that end market, we feel good about our position on that front. So it's a -- there are some short-term disruptions, we talked about service upgrades for testers that are being redeployed at the OSATs that we're servicing high silicon solutions and now we're going to be servicing other solutions. So that's the type of stuff we're seeing in the short-term. But in the long-term, we feel good about our position because we see it as a share shift where we're positioned well. Operator Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Krish Sankar from Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Krish Sankar: Yes. Hi, thanks for taking my question. I have two of them. Mark thanks for the qualitative color on calendar 2021. And I understand it's very hard to quantify it at this time. But if you look at the SOC test market, it's kind of grown for the last four or five years, a lot of it is because of increased complexity, but the memory test market in the last four years has been more cyclical up and down. Do you think memory is at an inflection where you could see as LPDDR5 and everything else comes along that you might be in a prolonged strength for memory like SOC? And then I had a follow-up.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So on memory, you're right. Absolutely, it's been cyclical for the past two years. There are good compelling arguments that it could be pretty less volatile and more sustained high-level investments over the next few. Certainly our memory team believes that. And because of LPDDR5 and DDR5 transitions that are eminent, that's going to compel a lot of investment on the DRAM side. So I just don't see the downside in memory nearly as typical as we've seen in the past decade. I think the DRAM story alone is going to keep the memory market pretty healthy. So then the question is flash. And flash is a tougher one to read. The only thing I'd say that's encouraging is this relentless innovation around the interface speeds of flash drives a lot of tester demand and drives obsolescence of the fleet and the roadmaps there are pretty robust. These cell phones and the camera systems in the cell phones just generate an incredible amount of data that needs to be quickly moved in and out of flash. So I'm kind of optimistic that memory in the next four years won't be as volatile as it's been, let's say, in the last four or five.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Thanks Mark. It's helpful. And then as a follow-up, on the industrial automation side how much of your IA revenues are from the auto vertical and how much are coming from small and medium businesses?
Mark Jagiela: 35%.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes, so from an -- Sanjay here. So from the auto perspective, it's in the neighbourhood of 35%. And sorry, your second question?
Krish Sankar: How much from SMB?
Andy Blanchard: Small and medium sized businesses.
Sanjay Mehta: I don't know. We'd have to dig that one out. But it's been running in that sort of, I'd say, 75% range, so it's still the vast majority of our sales. The larger enterprises have been a growing percentage over the past three to four years, but that's a rough number.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
John Pitzer: Yes. Good morning, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Mark, just a follow-up to Mehdi's earlier question on Huawei. Now to the extent that they were historically a large customer and a lot of those testers here sitting at OSATs and can be repurposed, I'm just kind of curious do you -- how much insight you have into kind of that installed base and its ability to move to additional customers or new customers? And, I guess, are you putting up these results, despite the fact of that or is that something that we need to kind of worry about in future quarters?
Mark Jagiela: So we have decent visibility into the utilization of those testers, but the high-level picture I give you is, let's say there's 100 testers out there for Huawei that we're testing a billion parts a year. As Huawei ends up unable to supply those billion parts the first -- the jerk reaction is, oh, that's 100 idle testers, they got to go somewhere. But the fact of the matter is that somebody else has to supply those billion parts because the end user demand isn't changing that much because of this. So -- and typically by the way those suppliers at the moment are outside of China suppliers that are filling in that billion unit gap to do this analogy. So that we -- and then those testers that are idle, just sort of shift from testing parts that had the high silicon Huawei brand stamp on them to testing parts that have these other suppliers' brands on them, but they're very similar in nature. So the upgrades to facilitate that shift of the fleet over to those new sources of supply started in earnest in Q3. And so despite the fact that there's already repurposing happening at a pretty good clip of those testers, we're putting up the numbers we put up and we're guiding the numbers we're guiding, and we expect that will continue in Q4. When will that entire fleet get repurposed is kind of the last ending question in that, and that's hard to tell. We may end up not seeing that fully flushed out until somewhere in the second quarter of next year.
John Pitzer: That's really helpful. And then, Mark, as my follow-up, in the quarter, you guys created a new role at the IA division and to put in place there a very credible guy in the form of Greg Smith. I'm wondering if you could spend a little bit of time just kind of helping us understand the rationale and how we should think about this Greg's sort of efforts in IA and what it means the overall strategy there.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. Thank you for asking that because Greg is a very proven exceptional leader who has since driven our semiconductor test business here for the past five years. And it's a significant testament to both what we as a company and Greg personally believes the opportunities are in IA for future growth. And Greg's mission really is in looking at the portfolio we have is to look for areas where we can get leverage, enhance our M&A strategy, look for common investments that will give us both in software and hardware further differentiation and sort of bring more the resources that company to bear on those businesses. Most of them are now through their earn-out phase which gave us a little bit of -- there were little bit of handcuffs on there of how we could think about operating those businesses. But now that that's behind us, we have a lot more degrees of freedom and Greg is going to be a great resource to figure that out for us.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Sidney Ho from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Sidney Ho: Great. Thanks for taking my question. I have two. My first question is on the SOC test market, the mobility is roughly half of the SOC TAM today. I think, Mark, you mentioned 1.6 billion of the 3.3 this year. Can you remind us what are the other main buckets within the SOC test markets and which segments are still below the normal run rate? Maybe help us decide how much below the normal levels in some of those markets be?
Mark Jagiela: Okay. I'll give you the -- sort of the rough numbers. So there's a compute segment that is CPUs and FPGAs, and AI and all that good stuff. That's roughly 600 million that we just spoke about. And it's actually a little bit hot too. I'd say its running. It's another growth segment for some of the reasons I talked about earlier. There's automotive and linear and microcontrollers that this year again, these are rough estimates, but it's roughly around a $200 million to $250 million market. That's less than half of its normal run rate. Now, a normal run rate for that business would be 500-ish million. So that one is certainly and it's down from last year as well. So it's trending down and it's half. And then the last one we track is industrial. Industrial is somewhere like around 300 and it's also down from a normal run rate that might be closer to -- it's not as volatile, but it's probably up in the high 3s to 400 million.
Sidney Ho: Great. That's super helpful. My follow-up question is you talked about an increase in demand for short-term lead time -- lead time businesses in Q3. Does that -- does your 4Q guidance assume any kind of headwinds from any kind of supply constraints in any of the [indiscernible]?
Sanjay Mehta: Right now -- it's Sanjay here. So right now, we're not -- we're -- we believe that there could be some issues that arise. But the last six months has clearly shown us that we can overcome what those hurdles are. Nothing is perfect. But we feel that we're in a very good spot in replenishing our components and manufacturing. And if there are things that come up, we've got some capability to solve those problems. So at this point there's no supply constraint on.
Andy Blanchard: And operator, we're going to sneak one -- one more in, please.
Operator: Okay. Sir, our final question or comment comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri from UBS. Your line is open.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks for fitting me in, Andy. Thanks. So I have two. The first thing, Mark, I'm still trying to figure out on the SOC SharePoint. The TAM of 3.3, it's not a whole lot different than what you thought it would be at the start of the year. And at that time you thought your share would go from roughly 40% to mid -- to roughly mid-40s. Here we are we're kind of mid-50s this year. So I guess I'm trying to understand where the incremental thousand basis points of share came from. Was this your biggest customer ordering more? Was this something else? If you can double click on that a little bit? And I had a follow-up because it sounds like it's not really 5G; you said that 5G is only like 50 million swing factor for the whole market. So I'm still trying to figure out where that share came from versus your expectations.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So at the highest, highest level it's just that the market -- the supply side of the semiconductor market has shifted more favorably to our customers. But underneath that, why is that? Well, one thing we didn't see happening when the year started was that further regulations would come in to place on Huawei and drive them out of the market for silicon and test. And since that occurred, what happened as I described a bit earlier was, other suppliers have had to step in and fill the void and were better positioned at those other suppliers. So that is an upside. Our customers, our traditional customers, independent of that particular situation are also buying more than we had forecast. So that is absolutely another piece of the upside. I'd say those are the two most significant ones. And then the third one, which isn't an SOC thing, but I think is a total company thing, is on the memory side, the fact that the market has been so high and that our LPDDR5 ramp has been probably better than we expected, has helped on that side as well.
Timothy Arcuri: Got it. And then I just -- the -- for my second question. Just on the point about Huawei. So you saw the original bump in the capacity required for Huawei from the OSATs and now you're seeing some boost from upgrades to that fleet. Can you sort of quantify how much of a boost these upgrades are giving you? So I guess how much of the 449 SOC revenue is related to the upgrade of this fleet for non-Huawei OEMs?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. It's less than 10%, but more than 5%.
Andy Blanchard: Okay. Folks, we are out of time. Thanks so much for joining us again this quarter. And I'll follow-up with folks individually that are still in the queue. Again, thanks so much. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-22 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 2020 Teradyne Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host Andy Blanchard, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Andy Blanchard: Thank you, Vincent. Good morning everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our CEO, Mark Jagiela; and the CFO, Sanjay Mehta. Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for 2020's second quarter along with our outlook for the third quarter of 2020. The press release containing our second quarter results was issued last evening. We're providing slides on the Investor page of the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion. Replay of this call will be available via the same page after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statements contained in the earnings release as well as our most recent SEC filings. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we'll make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We have posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, where available on the Investor page of our website. Also, please take special note of the Safe Harbor Statement in the press release and slide deck for risks related to the COVID-19 pandemic and changes to U.S. export regulations. Looking ahead between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne expects to participate in technology or industrial focused investor conferences hosted by KeyBanc, Citibank and Deutsche Bank. Now, let's get on to the rest of the agenda. First, Mark will comment on our recent results and the market conditions including comments on the COVID-19 pandemic and expanded trade regulations. Sanjay will then offer more details on our quarterly results, along with our guidance for the third quarter. We'll then answer your questions. And this call is scheduled for one hour. Mark?
Mark Jagiela: Good morning, everyone. Today I'll summarize our results for the second quarter and the first half of 2020, comment on the impact of current environmental conditions, including new trade regulations and then describe our view of the second half of the year. Sanjay will then provide the financial details on the quarter and our guidance for Q3. Despite the pandemic trade issues and shutdown related headwinds and industrial automation, Teradyne is performing exceptionally well. In the second quarter – our second quarter results affirmed the trend of growing test intensity and the efficiency of our business model. As you can see from our Q3 guidance, the market demand remains robust. While Q2 saw record SOC shipments, 3Q is being driven by growth in memory test and system level test. Industrial automation continues to pull out of the effects of global industrial shutdowns as we saw sequential monthly growth in sales throughout second quarter. We expect second quarter to be the bottom for IA and 3Q sales to be back close to 2019 levels. Superb execution by the global Teradyne team was on full display in second quarter as we managed to deliver new shipment records and test. Supply line constraints were largely mitigated and remote technical collaboration with both within Teradyne and with our customers continues to show success. It takes dozens to hundreds of engineers working in concert to develop new test products. It takes similar numbers working with customers to launch test programs for new silicon. Flipping a switch to do this remotely without missing a beat is a fantastic accomplishment. And I congratulate and thank all the employees of Teradyne for this achievement. On the trade front, new regulations related to both Huawei and China military end users were announced in the second quarter. We expect the China military end-user restrictions to increase our compliance work and costs, but we currently do not expect any material impact on our sales into China. In the case of Huawei, while the new regulations do not impose any new restrictions on our business with Huawei directly, we expect it will likely impact our business with sub-com customers who test Huawei devices using our test equipment. However, we expect the macro global test demand to be minimally impacted as alternative sources of silicon supply grow to fill in whatever gap is created by these regulations. This alternative supplies should absorb any idled test capacity as well as drive new demand in the future. Shifting to the highlights. As we reached the midpoint of the year, our January forecast for a $3.1 billion to $3.4 billion SOC test market is playing out about as planned while our memory test market estimate has moved up to about $800 million to $850 million. In SOC, our sales grew 60% in the first half and 82% compared to 2Q of 2019 as our participation in this year's mobility tooling cycle is significantly stronger than in the last two years. As expected 5G infrastructure related capacity as remains weak after a strong 2019, while handset related silicon is driving the bulk of the demand. While 5G related silicon is beginning to add a small piece to the mobility handset market, the vast majority of the test demand is complexity growth in non-5G related handset silicon. Weather related to high resolution still or video photography, artificial intelligence, augmented reality, gaming, location sensing, or advanced wireless connectivity, there is a rich set of features in addition to 5G that we expect will continue to drive mobility demand for the foreseeable future. Specific to 5G, we are still in the early innings of a multi-year rollout and expect it to be an incremental demand driver going forward. Additionally, our new UltraFLEXplus platform will continue ramping in 3Q providing new revenue sources in mobility and computing going forward. Beyond mobility, the automotive and industrial segments of the SOC test market remain weak and we do not expect to see recovery until 2021. In memory, our 2Q sales were about flat with Q1, but up 45% from Q2 of 2019. Flash package tests and DRAM wafer tests combined with ramping shipments of LPDDR5 package testers drove Q2 results. DRAM test is growing faster than flash test in 2020 due to the LPDDR5 transition. And our design win in DRAM should allow us to hold our share position in the low 40s this year. In the system test group, sales were up 43% for the first half compared to 2019 due to strong storage test demand. We expect storage test shipments to grow sequentially and substantially in Q3 driven by both HDD demand and semiconductor at system level test shipments. System level test is a great example of derivative products opening new markets for Teradyne. By combining silicon test instruments with our HDD test product, we've grown the combined sales from $60 million in 2017 to over $200 million this year. At LitePoint, sales were up 32% for the first half and 19% compared with 2Q of 2019. Demand is being driven by WiFi 6 and growing shipments are 5G test sets. Wifi 6 has recently been allocated additional frequency spectrum in the 6 to 7 gigahertz range. Testing this expanded standard called Wifi 6E will require new testers, which we expect will be a positive force in 2021 and beyond. Moving to Industrial Automation, the environment is mixed, but improving. At UR, the biggest unit of our IA segment, sales in Q2 contracted 32% compared with the same period last year. Manufacturing shutdowns in Europe and North America had a significant impact on UR. MiR sales on the other hand grew 7% from last year’s Q2 level as they benefited from exposure to healthcare and mobile disinfectant markets. AutoGuide, our newest IA business saw sales more than double from the same 2Q period last year. Overall, IA sales for the first half were down 15% from 2019. We have seen positive indications of improvement as we move through second quarter. For example, all three businesses had sequential monthly sales growth across Q2, as customers began to reopen. While we expect IA demand will improve in the third quarter, we don't expect to return to year-on-year growth until Q4 or Q1. Our longer term growth outlook for IA remains unchanged at 20% to 35%. Social distancing and the need for more resilient manufacturing flow should add additional drivers for our collaborative automation products. Our R&D and distribution investments in the IA business continue as these macro dividends slowdowns provide opportunities to widen our competitive lead. We continue to add distributors in the second quarter, expanded our UR plus stable of certified plug and play products to over 250 items. We also introduced UR plus applications moving to complete solutions for specific customer requirements like industrial bin-picking and welding. Stepping back to look at the full year at the company level, our latest estimates have revenue front half loaded at about 54% to 55%. This is similar to what we experienced in 2016 and 2017 when we saw especially strong investments for smartphone test capacity. In summary, the first half of the year showed Teradyne’s strengths in familiar test markets and demonstrated our ability to grow in new ones with differentiated products and exemplary execution. Our business model is efficient and driving the planned drop through on incremental sales. Our investments to broaden our competitive moats in IA amidst a global industrial downturn showed the value of Teradyne’s financial strength in these nascent industrial automation markets. While our short-term visibility remains limited, we are confident that our long-term strategy will continue to deliver outstanding results for our customers, employees, and investors. Now, I’ll turn things over to Sanjay for additional color and the financial details.
Sanjay Mehta: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. This morning, I’ll review how the pandemic is impacting us from a financial supply line management perspective. I will then summarize our Q2 financial results and Q3 outlook. Our priorities remain consistent during the coronavirus pandemic, safety of our employees, supporting our customers and crisp execution to achieve our financial objectives. In line with my Q1 earnings call remarks, I wanted to acknowledge the continued challenges, our employees, customers, suppliers, and their families going through during this pandemic. From a financial point of view, Teradyne is stronger than ever. We generated $178 million of free cash flow in Q2 and ended the quarter with approximately $1.1 billion in cash and marketable securities and no short-term debt. During the quarter, we established a $400 million revolving line of credit for added security against future uncertainty and opportunities. The strength of our balance sheet, business model and business execution enabled us to put the revolver in place during a very uncertain time. Our long-term debt is a $460 million face value convert, which matures in December of 2023. From an operations perspective, our team and partners have done a great job so far this year. Over many years, Teradyne has built a global supply line management team second to none and the value of that team has never been more evident. COVID-related supply line issues did not have a material impact on our revenues in Q2. Our combined teams produce the highest number of UltraFLEX systems ever in the second quarter, ramped new products in SOC, memory and across our IA businesses all while operating in a very challenging environment. This included overcoming numerous part and labor shortages along with logistical constraints. In one case, the shortage of scheduled air cargo capacity led us to charter a dedicated 747 to deliver, quite literally, plane load of testers to a customer to ensure timely delivery. While operationally executing very well, we continue to take a critical view of how to strengthen our supply chain operations. We have identified potential weaknesses and are taking actions to strengthen our operations further. The short-term COVID-19 related actions along with these long-term actions have a small impact on margins. While the operations team clearly shined in the quarter, they were not alone. I’d also like to extend thanks to the entire organization from HR to facilities and environmental health, to engineering, repair services, finance, legal, our global field and applications teams, which collectively allowed us to meet our delivery commitments at a revolver, introduce new products, maintain our R&D programs and run the company safely and productively with combination of at-home and on-site staffing. Well done. Very well done. Now on to the details of the quarter. Revenue in Q2 was $839 million, up 49% from Q2 of 2019, and up 46% for the first half of the year. Q2 revenue was 5% above the high end of the range driven by accelerated shipments in SOC test. Also while IA contracted year-over-year, IA revenue was higher than expected in Q2. Semi Test revenue was $659 million, up 76% from a year ago, driven by; one, SOC revenue was $575 million, up 82% from a year ago on broad strength and mobility. And two, memory revenue of $85 million, up 45% from a year ago, due to continued strength in flash test and ramp up of our Magnum Epic solution for DRAM. In System Test, revenues were $72 million, which included storage test shipments of $36 million, which were down sequentially, but up 6% from Q2 of 2019. Recall our storage test business tends to have lumpy shipments. First half storage test revenue was up 106% over the first half of 2019 on strengthen in both system level test and HDD product lines. Growth in SLT was driven primarily by processor demand while HDD shipments were driven by strong exabyte growth for hard drives. LitePoint revenue was $49 million in the quarter, up 19% from Q2 of 2019 on 5G WiFi 6 and next generation WiFi 6E demand. In industrial automation, revenue was $59 million, down 21% from Q2 of 2019 due to the coronavirus and down 3% from Q1 2020, but above our plan entering the quarter. UR contributed $43 million of revenue, near $11 million. AG and Energid made up the remainder. We believe in our IE segment revenue bottomed out in Q2, and is on the road to a sequential growth in Q3. We had one 10% customer in the quarter. As a reminder, we disclosed customers who contribute 10% or more of full year company revenue in our annual 10-K. Non-GAAP gross margins in the quarter were 56.2%, down 130 basis points from Q2 of 2019 as forecasted. Margins reflect the impact of concentrated mobility shipments in Semi Test and the added logistics and operations costs due to the pandemic. Non-GAAP operating expenses were up $11 million to $207 million from Q1 due to company performance causing higher variable compensation. Inventory increased to $206 million to support Q3 shipments and buffer against potential COVID-related supply disruptions. DSO in the quarter increased to 75 days due to the timing of shipments in the quarter. Non-GAAP operating margin was 31.5% and non-GAAP EPS was $1.33. Both are tracking ahead of our 2022 model. Tax rate in Q2 2020 was 13% on a GAAP basis and 14.1% on a non-GAAP basis. Our full year GAAP tax rate is expected to be 14%, down from our prior estimate of 14.5%. Our full year non-GAAP tax rate is expected to be 14.5%, down from our prior estimate of 15%. The decrease in tax rate is due to product mix. We generated $178 million in free cash flow in Q2. We paid $17 million in dividends in the quarter. We bought back 173,000 shares for $9.4 million at an average price of $54.49 in the first few days of the quarter. As noted in April, we suspended our share repurchase program as of April 1. We look at our share repurchase and the entire capital allocation program regularly and we’ll update you next quarter. Looking ahead at Q3, revenues will include a significant ramp in shipments of our new UltraFLEXplus SOC test system supporting recent design wins. In memory, we expect continued strong momentum for our Magnum product line for flash and DRAM applications. LPDDR5 test shipments are expected to grow significantly in Q3. In our system test group, storage test demand driven by system level tests and hard disk drive markets continue to see end market demand exceeding our expectations for the year. While this business fluctuates from quarter-to-quarter, Q3 is expected to more than double the Q2 level. I’ll also note that while we expect multiple waves of 5G-related demand for both handsets and infrastructure in the years ahead, we are not planning on significant infrastructure test shipments in the second half, like we experienced in 2019. As a result, we expect to revert back to pre-2019 pattern of lower Q4 SOC shipments. In industrial automation, we are seeing incremental improvements in UR’s business. As the U.S. and Europe start to open up, we are seeing signs of increased momentum in quarter-over-quarter. Recall the U.S. and Europe typically represent greater than 70% of UR’s revenue. MiR continues to execute and in the first half of the year, grew by 4% year-over-year driven by ultraviolet light disinfectant demand. In Q3, we are guiding a revenue range of $745 million to $805 million and a non-GAAP EPS of $1.01 to $1.17 on 175 million of diluted shares. The ranges reflect continued coronavirus supply risks and potential impact on end market demand. The guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles and non-cash imputed interest on convertible debt. In April, we previewed expected gross margin headwinds in the second half of 2020 due to new product ramps. While the ramps continue as planned, our latest view is the impact will be less severe than earlier expected. Q3 gross margins will be 55% to 56%. We expect to be back to historical gross margin levels in 2021. In Q3, operating expenses are expected to be 26% to 28% of sales and are on track with our revised April full-year plan to grow 7% to 8% from 2019. The operating profit at the midpoint of our third quarter guidance is 29%. CapEx investments year-to-date are $84 million. And we expect full year investments with total approximately $175 million. We’re investing more in CapEx this year to support new product rollouts, strengthening our supply chain and new facility projects. To summarize, we close out Q2 with outstanding financial and operational performance in a difficult working environment. We enter Q3 with a bright outlook on the strength of new product ramps and an industrial automation market that is showing signs of early improvement. While our visibility is limited and we’re not immune to macroeconomic shocks. I’m confident that we have the products, people and processes to thrive in the quarters ahead. With that, I’ll turn things back to Andy.
Andy Blanchard: Thanks, Sanjay. Vincent, we’d now like to take some questions. And as a reminder, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini from SIG. Your line is now open. Please ask your question.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes. Thank you for taking my question. Two questions. First, I want to better understand how to think about the earning power. I think it was two quarters ago that you highlighted a $3.5 to $4.25 earnings by 2022. And your recent execution suggests that you’re already at that run rate. And my question to you is given the share gains in memory and other areas, do you think there is an upside to that earning scenario that you laid out six months ago or perhaps a $4 earning is sustainable and it shouldn’t be viewed as a onetime event. And my follow up question has to do with China. How much of a revenue contribution did China provide? Thank you.
Sanjay Mehta: Hi, it’s Sanjay here. Yes, I think this year; we’ll come close or be in the range of hitting our earnings model out in 2022, and on the top line and the bottom line. And obviously there’s many puts and takes relative to what we published in the earnings model, specifically strengthened Semi Test and storage business offsetting the near term impacts of COVID and the IA portfolio. What we’ll plan on doing is in January updating that earnings model and provide guidance for the future then.
Mark Jagiela: And I think just, I’ll add Mehdi that, as you know very well, we have a very volatile market that we play in. And so to sustain linear growth throughout a decade is not the kind of business we’re in, but the trend lines we do believe support, certainly reaching and exceeding that mid-term earning model that in no way is going to be a peak for Teradyne.
Mehdi Hosseini: Great. Congrats. And then just quickly on China. What’s the revenue contribution of China?
Mark Jagiela: So in the quarter, China was about 12.5% of revenue.
Mehdi Hosseini: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya from Bank of America. Your line is now open. Please ask your question.
Vivek Arya: Thank you for taking my question and congratulations on the strong results and the execution. Mark, you have bought up the test intensity factor a few times, but we honestly do not know how to put that in our model. When I look at your SOC test business, it’s up, I think on track for over 30% growth, but overall phone volumes are down according to TSMC in mid teens, even though the 5G part has been relatively strong. So how do you quantify this test intensity factor per unit? Is it a 5G versus 4G comparison? And importantly, how will this test intensity factor evolve as you go into 2021? Will it be 5% better or 10% better? How do we size that because without knowing that it’s very difficult to size what your SOC sales will do going forward?
Mark Jagiela: Yes, I appreciate the difficulty because if we had a formula, believe me, we would be using it and advertising it. But I do think what we’ve said is when we look at the big, big picture, we see that the growth in transistors is what drives complexity. And that over an average trend line gives us test growth, market growth in that 6% to 8% range. Now, there’s many puts and takes to go on every year. It depends if people are making a major transition from a note like a seven to five nanometer node that enables more transistors and typically has a lower yields that come with it. So it’s very lumpy year-to-year and very hard to model year-to-year. But the net effects when you look back historically for the past five to seven years and at our projections are that sort of 6% to 8% trend line growth for test. So I don’t think anything changing in that. But it’s not going to be smooth. It’s going to be lumpy. And the other thing is that affects this. If you look at this year, for example, the market for SOC test is really flat with last year. It’s about a three – and we said $3.1 billion to $3.4 billion market and the underlying economic effects of what’s going on in the world and cell phone unit declines and such as all and automotive being off and industrial being off is netting out to a flat market. Teradyne on the other hand is obviously picking up a lot of market share this year. That’s both good news and bad news. I think the bad news is we’d love to see the market grow every year, but in a very difficult macro year like this, the fact that it’s holding its own, despite the weaknesses and the pockets I just mentioned is encouraging. And then we expect as we come out of this pandemic and the global economy start growing again, those markets will continue to grow along those trend lines. So I wish I had the formula, I don’t, but I think the evidence is sort of speaking for itself.
Vivek Arya: Got it. And for my follow-up, Mark, when I look at again on the business as it relates to 5G, can you give us a sense for how much of your business is infrastructure versus handsets? And as part of that, let’s say if 5G handsets triple next year right, what does that do to your SOC test business intensity being same or better? Does it mean your tester business will triple or how do we, give us some sense for how we kind of try and correlate your – the growth prospects to the number of 5G handsets and the demand for infrastructure? Thank you.
Mark Jagiela: Okay. So 5G is a piece of a phone. It’s – the silicon-related to 5G in a phone is one part of a phone. So there’s no way the tripling of 5G triples our tester business. But to give you some sense, the infrastructure piece of 5G was very robust last year, and we talked about it all year long, and you saw that our business level grew toward the back end of the year due to infrastructure investments. And then we talked about the fact that those investments would taper off in 2020, which they have, and what would come into the market would be handset related growth. But we’re still talking about, and we’ve also said 5G in aggregate should add to our test business somewhere between $400 million to $500 million of market. And if Teradyne is at 50% of the market that should add, let’s say $250-ish million to Teradyne’s business, and when it’s peaking, but we’re not peaking. We’re not near peaking. This year, we’re – maybe a couple hundred million dollars into that $500 million envelope. So that will give you the sort of calibration on how much you might think 5G could mean to us over the next four to five years on an annual basis. When we get to that mature $500 million level, hopefully we’re running at that $250 million plus or minus additional revenue level.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Brian Chin from Stifel. Your line is now open. Please ask your question.
Brian Chin: Hi, Mark and Sanjay, great results, and thanks for letting us ask a few questions. First, as was just discussed in the last question there, but the company – and clearly company and industry-specific factors contributing to your 50%, 60% year-over-year, year-to-date growth rate in Semi Tests. However, do you think a layer of this growth could reflect your customers or customers’ customers attempt to put some inventory in place, be it wafer, chip or even end device, the safeguard against future supply chain and demand uncertainties? I would appreciate any thoughts.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. Hi, it’s Sanjay. So, we do a lot of work and trying to triangulate our shipments and then trying to understand utilization and inventory levels of testers out there. And I think what you saw in 2019 as Mark articulated earlier was a buildup of infrastructure test tooling and which kind of built the capacity. So they could have a run rate. From an end market and inventory perspective, we’re not seeing test or inventory build. We’re always on the lookout for it and concerned about it. But from the analysis we’ve done, we actually don’t see that inventory buildup.
Brian Chin: Okay, great. And you’re talking more about the equipment versus further downstream in terms of that activity.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. Mainly from the tester equipment, it’s very hard from an end market perspective, be it smartphone or industrial or automotive to think about those inventories.
Brian Chin: Sure. Okay. Yes. I was kind of geared at more further downstream, but I appreciate the commentary. Maybe one last one, I know, you are not guiding fourth quarter per se here, but based on your 54% – I think the 55% first half weighted revenue comment, does that roughly suggest 4Q sales would be down something like 30%, 35% sequential. And would you expect Semi Test sales decline as similar or higher, lower rate?
Sanjay Mehta: Yes, we’re effectively guiding down 35% to 40% versus Q3 mid.
Mark Jagiela: Yes, I think what we’re – when you do the math, it is exactly what you just did. And now the decomposition of the various businesses in that, there’s a lot still in flux. So IA tends to be up in the fourth quarter and we expect that will continue. So I think last year with atypical with the strong semiconductors. So I think if you looked at prior years, you get essentially the same kind of mix.
Brian Chin: Okay, great. Great. I appreciate it.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open. Please ask your question.
John Pitzer: Yes, good morning guys. Congratulations on the solid results. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Mark, you said in your kind of prepared comments that as the next wave of Huawei bands come into effect, you don’t see much of an impact to global test capacity as other suppliers fill the void. I’m just kind of curious, and I know it’s a little bit of a guessing game, but when you look at the potential suppliers to fill that void, how does your share with those suppliers look vis-à-vis Huawei? And I guess importantly, do you think the test capacity that’s out there just gets repurposed for these different suppliers? Or do you think it might actually cause some incremental buying?
Mark Jagiela: Well, I think over the long haul, meaning let’s say a year. I don’t think there’s going to be – I think there’ll be repurposed and there could be incremental buy in early on. We’re in a period right now where the testers are still very full up being used through this September 15 date until we get past the sort of grace period and into the embargo. So post that period of time, there could be some spot buying because they’re not completely fungible. But over time, they’ll work their way into the supply and demand balance. So there’s no long-term consequence here that we see. And our share position in the alternative sources of supply, it’s some are better, some are a little lower, but I think when we’ve analyzed it overall, I think, we’re neutral. We don’t see that we’re going to be overly benefited or a detriment because of the shift in who’s going to make the silicon for those products.
John Pitzer: And then Mark, just going back to the implied guidance for the calendar fourth quarter, that kind of implied sequential decline is not without precedence in your business model. And if I go back to like the 2012, 2013, 2014 period, you saw that kind of fall off in Q4, but I’m just kind of curious, given how uncertain the environment is today, is that your attempt at a conservative placeholder, or do you actually have visibility out to the December quarter that informs kind of that view of 55%, 45% half-on-half split?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. What I would say is that, if even more recently you looked at 2016 and 2017. One of the differences we were seeing right now is that those were also heavy tooling years for smartphones for us. We saw pretty significant drops from Q2 to Q3 in those years, maybe on the order of 20% to 25% followed by another 5% to 7% in Q4. So this year instead of the 2Q to 3Q drop, we’re kind of seeing it all coming Q4 is our forecast. Our visibility is actually quite limited out there.  We – obviously, when you look at what we’ve been doing this year, and if you followed us a long time, there’s quite a bit of variability in the out quarter in terms of what might materialize. So we don’t have a lot of backlog that extends out that far and what will actually happen. There’s quite a wide range around it, but it’s based on the modeling we can do, the customer conversations we’re having and those kinds of things.
John Pitzer: Helpful guys. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line from Atif Malik from Citi. Your line is now open. Please ask your question.
Atif Malik: Yes. Thank you for taking my questions and good job in the results and guide. Mark, can you talk about the timing of the Millimeter Wave opportunity when you expect the infrastructure part of the investments to evolve and also on the mobility side?
Mark Jagiela: Millimeter Wave, frankly, I think is quite a ways off from being a big part of the infrastructure and then subsequently handset story. It’s a big test intensive event when it occurs, but it’s likely, none of the geographies are moving aggressively with Millimeter Wave. In the U.S., there’s some boutique deployments, I would say, in urban areas and some high-density areas. But it appears most of the U.S. carriers are going to do is rollout sub 6G in some flavor first and then slowly move toward Millimeter Wave. So our view is, there certainly will be handsets at the premium tier that have that capability to run on those scarce networks and there’ll be some bump, and we’ve seen it already this year. Our Millimeter Wave shipments of test equipment at both LitePoint and Semi Test are tens and tens of millions of dollars. So it’s not insignificant even if the miniscule volumes we’re talking about. But it’s probably not until 2022, 2023 before it starts to matter would be my estimate.
Atif Malik: Great. And then you talked about design wins in computing, which is a relatively new area for you guys with UltraFLEXplus. We also heard that one of your customers’ customers moving to ARM-based CPUs for their notebooks. And those CPUs have much larger die size than the apps processor using smartphone. So how do you look at your computing share gain opportunity over the next 12 months to 18 months?
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. Hi, it’s Sanjay here. So the compute market is roughly annually $500 million to $600 million. And our share has been roughly 30% give or take historically. Our new UltraFLEXplus product will help us grow that share. And this initial design win will help along that journey. So that’s how we’re thinking about it in the near term.
Atif Malik: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. Please ask your question.
Toshiya Hari: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question and congrats on the strong results. Mark, I wanted to ask about your System Test business both on the HDD side as well as the SLT side. In terms of your HDD business, you’ve been speaking to this business and the strength there for a couple of quarters now, how are you thinking about sustainability of that strength into, I guess Q4, since you’re guiding up Q3? And on the SLT side, your nearest competitor here, I guess that they’ve been pretty vocal about this specific application as well over the past couple of quarters. How are you sizing the opportunity in SLT? And how should we think about your competitive position relative to not just Advantest, but also some of the other players that play here? And then I have a follow-up. Thank you.
Mark Jagiela: The whole storage test business, whether it’s HDD or SLT, has been a tremendous story, and it’s surprised us. And it seems as though the sustainability of it is pretty robust. It doesn’t mean it’s not volatile even in this year. You can see the quarter-to-quarter we can swing on shipments, 20%, 30% a quarter. So it’s quarter-to-quarter volatile, but the overall underlying demand is very strong for both HDD and SLT. The SLT side of it, as we’ve described before, it’s still somewhat of a nascent market. This is an additional test step that some high volume – manufacturers of some high volume digital centric devices are using to further reduce defects per million. And the economics of this insertion are something that both customers and equipment suppliers like ourselves and others are working to try to make more attractive for other classes of devices, lower volume devices, more mixed signal with RF and analog content and such. So how the rate of adoption of SLT is just a big unknown in this, but even with the limited adoption that exists today, you can see that from last year when the early adoption occurred outside of compute, which has been doing this for quite some time, it's grown to be pretty significant. It might be a $300 million tester market, something like that this year. And we're probably splitting it roughly 50:50 or so with Advantest tests and just sort of the test area. So I do think it's got legs. I do think that the underlying complexity issues, we're talking about compel these additional test steps in the very high end of complex devices. And so, it's going to be a growth industry. It's going to be volatile though. And until we get a dozen customers adopting this wildly, you're likely to see these quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year fluctuations that we've seen up till now.
Toshiya Hari: Thanks for that. And then as my follow-up, I wanted to ask about the industrial automation business and how you're thinking about the long-term growth profile there. I think in your prepared remarks, you reiterated your long-term growth target, but curious just given COVID-19 and the potential impact it could have on how your customers and customer’s customers think about their factory footprint, I guess. Could this drive a significant increase in adoption rates of things like UR cobots and MiR robots? Or is it a little early to make that call? Thank you.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. Hi, Sanjay here. So I think over since 2015, we've experienced significant growth in UR than adding MiR in 2018 and then as well as AutoGuide in 2019. And that growth we expected to continue in 2020. Obviously, COVID hit, and we're looking at potentially a contraction year depending on how the market shakes out in the second half. However, our belief is that we're going to continue over the long run to grow at the 20% to 35% as Mark stated in his prepared remarks. And really I think that you consider over the short-term, I think there's going to need to be a balance of getting people back to work versus industrial automation. However, in the business development activities, we're seeing a lot of activity in this plant managers and decision makers looking to harden their production lines and social distance. So, we are seeing activity even in the short-term. I think in the long-term, it will provide a tailwind. However, we're still in the mid-term around the 20% to 35% growth, and we still continue to invest in product differentiation and application differentiation in those businesses.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse from Evercore. Your line is now open. Please ask your question.
C.J. Muse: Yes, good morning. Thank you for taking the question. I guess, first question in your prepared remarks, I just want to double check here. I think I heard you say that system test would double from $72 million in Q2 into Q3. Is that correct? And as part of that, can you give us an idea of where we should be thinking about the growth balancing storage versus a traditional system test?
Mark Jagiela: Yes, you're right. I did say that we would double and more than double in Q3, but it was off of baseline of $36 million in storage.
Sanjay Mehta: In storage.
Mark Jagiela: Yes, in storage.
C.J. Muse: So that was just the storage comment, not overall system test.
Mark Jagiela: Correct.
C.J. Muse: Okay. Great. And then I guess as my follow up question thinking through the SOC market, it looks like your share is probably going from 40% to low 50s year-on-year. And I guess was hoping for you to parse through the drivers there. Obviously, mix plays a role. And you do have your largest customer turning on. They're also bringing on arm-based processors, I believe, embedded AI that that really helps you guys. You have new UltraFLEXplus. And then, you talked 5G being only a minimal driver. So, amidst that backdrop, what are the key drivers of that share shift? And more importantly, how should we think about the sustainability of that share looking into 2021?
Mark Jagiela: So you're right. We think probably our share in SOC moves up around 50% this year and much of it – the majority of it is due to the shift of who's buying. So in the last couple of years, our share kind of came down. It wasn't customers defecting. It was who was buying. And this year, the biggest piece of the 10 point or so share gain in SOC will be opposite effect of our customers are buying more. However, there's also this component. We've talked about the UltraFLEXplus and the designs wins we've had in mobility and compute. Those are going to in the back half of the year add additional new revenue streams for us. And so, we are picking up real customers to on this. So that's not insignificant and that won't completely mature in 2020. It's going to be more of the beginning. And so that will grow throughout 2021 and 2022. So we do have a lot of headroom to continue to move our share north of 50% based on those design wins other ones in the pipeline. But as you know the underlying sort of core buying will fluctuate year-to-year. So if you go back to 2016 and 2017, we had some very big years of tooling for our customers around smartphone silicon. 2018 and 2019 was a bit down. We picked up new business in infrastructure to sort of offset part of that. Now, we come back, it's gangbusters. And that could persist for a while, but it's going to still be volatile, I'm sure. But riding on top of that is this little new wedge of new revenue streams in SOC based on real design wins. That gives us that ability to keep on average moving our share north. And we've talked about long-term getting to 60% share of this market is reasonable. Once you're past 60%, there'll be a little bit more difficult perhaps, but 60% is certainly within a line of sight.
C.J. Muse: Great, thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri from UBS. Your line is now open. Please ask your question.
Timothy Arcuri: Hi, thanks. First of all, I wanted to get what the 5G portion of the SOC TAM of this year. Let's say you're saying $3.1 million to $3.4 million, I'm just wondering how much of that's 5G and then I had another one. Thanks.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. We struggled to estimate that one precisely, but again, what I – I'll just give you the context and give you my best guess of the numbers. So we said that at peak, 5G should represent about $400 million adder to SOC tests and about $100 million adder to LitePoint test. So of that SOC $400 million max envelope, this year 5G is probably somewhere in the $200-ish million range for TAM.
Timothy Arcuri: Got it. And for wireless, Mark, there's – I mean, how much of the wireless piece is coming in the current year?
Mark Jagiela: Yes, in wireless, the 100 – and we've actually seen that wireless may grow to be a bit bigger than $100 million adder. It could be a $150 million adder or so. But this year, the wireless is probably in that –this is production test, not R&D test, but it's probably in that $70 million – $60 million to $70 million range for the market.
Timothy Arcuri: Got it. Okay, awesome. And then I just wanted to follow up on the last question. So I mean, there's a lot of stuff going on beyond your big customer. And certainly, you have the UltraFLEXplus ramping. But usually, I mean, a significant portion will say of your share gain this year, you're going to gain 13, 14 points a share is because your big customers having an on year. And usually, they don't have 2 straight on years. So I'm just sort of wondering if you strip away all the other stuff going on and you look at how sustainable that low 50 shares into next year, why would it be different this time where they would have 2 straight big on years versus history where they've had one on year and then they've had an off year? Thanks.
Mark Jagiela: Well, I think history is interesting in this. If you look at 2016 and 2017, actually our smartphone related business was pretty flat and consistent and hot. Those were peak years in the past, and it was 2 successive year. So I think the on/off, on/off pattern goes back to the earlier part of the decade, but I think 2016 and 2017 are equally valid thoughts and models around that. So that's one thought. It doesn't necessarily mean up and down, but at some point it's not going to be what's norm in baseline I think is a judgment, but I'd go back to that sort of trend line of the market. We expect to grow 6% to 7%. So if the SOC market this year is again, let's say, $3.3 billion, nominally, we're talking about a market that should be $3.4 billion, $3.5 billion, everything else being equal next year. So I do think we can have two sequential strong years because we've had them in the past, and there's nothing wrong with that. Plus we have these new design wins coming online that haven't matured yet. And then the thing we haven't talked about that's out there is memory. Memory is having a pretty strong year this year. And if you look into 2021, the 2021 era is going to see this large shift from DDR4 to DDR5. This year, we're at the very early innings of the LPDDR5 shift for more mobile devices, but the DDR5 shift is coming. And as we said, that obsoletes the installed base of DRAM test equipment for final test. So there's a big retooling coming there as well.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar from Cowen and Company. Your line is now open. Please ask your question.
Krish Sankar: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I had two of them. First one, Mark, to just follow up on your comments from the previous question. You said a couple of sequential growth years. It looks like you had like from a SOC test market standpoint, you had like five years of continuous growth. So I'm kind of curious, understand the test intensity is going up and 5G seems to be a longer and a stronger cycle. So if going forward, should a $3 plus billion be a decent bogey to use for the SOC market size? And I have a follow up.
Mark Jagiela: Go a bogey, I think is – so let me just add a few more comments about where we are. So you're right. We've seen the market show sequential annual growth for quite some length of time here. This year, it's maybe going to be about flat, but it may show a 4%, 5% growth as well by the time the year is over. And that's absent any real interesting participation of automotive and industrial buying. This is heavy, heavy mobility. And it's also in the midst of a pandemic. And it's also in the midst of all the regulations coming in around China. So I'll go back and say, I would model in a 6% to 8% TAM growth rate for SOC over the mid-term, four to five years. That is what we should be tracking at.
Krish Sankar: Got it, got it. That's helpful. And then as a follow-up, Mark, can you just tell us how much of your revenue was from LPDDR5? And when I look at your memory market size, you’re talking about $800 million to $850 million, six months ago it is more like $650 million to $750 million. Clearly, the upside is coming from DRAM. And so, I'm just trying to figure out on the market size how much of the upside is coming from the LPDDR5? And within that, how much of your revenue is coming from LPDDR5?
Mark Jagiela: Yes, I'm not going to break out our LPDDR5 revenue, but I will say that the increase in the market size is both flash and DRAM. It's about two thirds DRAM and one third flash compared to our estimate in January. So we are seeing upside on flash too. And much of the upside in DRAM is related to LPDDR5. So you would expect – and because our share is kind of going to be flat, you can derive a close estimate of maybe how much revenue is coming out of that for us this year. And we're working on design wins to hopefully capture more of the DRAM market. We just introduced that product in Q4 of last year and we're ramping it this year. So that's what gives us upside going into next year, we think around DDR5, and we talked in earlier calls about our sort of 40% to 45% market share that we have should – with the products we have today and the competitive position we have today, we should be able to move that into the 50% – low 50% range here in the next couple of years, if we really execute well. So that's what we're focused on in planning.
Krish Sankar: Thanks for that, Mark. Very helpful.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Richard Eastman from Baird. Your line is now open. Please ask your question.
Richard Eastman: Oh, yes. Good morning. Good morning Mark and Sanjay. Very nice, very nice quarter to be sure. Just a couple of questions. I'm just going to kind of focus for a second or two on the IA business. Could you talk about how the business progressed? You talked perhaps a little bit about some upside in the quarter here relative to your expectations, but could you talk maybe geographically what you're seeing in IA around universal robots and maybe just discuss any successes you might have. You talked about some self-help initiatives around distribution and around some new product applications coming to market. So maybe just provide a little bit of color on there because it seems like that business has at least stabilized, if not maybe getting back towards growth mode.
Sanjay Mehta: Hi. It's Sanjay here. So I'll talk a little bit about kind of the GO and kind of monthly profile. So for UR, when I take a look at China, first to go into COVID and first to kind of come out, and when we take a look at kind of the monthly profile, we saw improvement in March and then sequentially we saw improvement throughout the quarter and really kind of coming back strong. And when we take a look at not back to last year's levels, but improving Q2 over Q1 and based on the forecast we see that improvement continuing. But when we take that recipe of opening up and we look at the data and look at the U.S. and Europe, which is over 70% of the historical UR business, we're very encouraged. And so, we are seeing business development activities. We are seeing growth coming, but really the baseline is China and the business activity in the U.S. as well as Europe. And from a product perspective from the applications, we're continuing to invest. We've recently have launched in April our ActiNav for bin picking. And we continue to drive for ease of implementation activities and really growing the ecosystem.
Richard Eastman: And at that – just as a follow-up, at that $59 million revenue for IA in the quarter, how did you manage – again, if I do the math quickly and your gross margin is still hanging out in the high 50s, maybe to 60%, how did you manage the OpEX in the quarter for IA? And was that – how far from profitability were we in the quarter…
Sanjay Mehta: Yes, so I think I mentioned earlier in 2019, we were profitable and our full year plan in 2020 pre-COVID was a heavy investment year in IA, both on the engineering side as well as the go-to market side. And we still plan in IA to be profitable at similar levels in 2020. COVID hits and then you – we’re faced with a situation of not having the revenue growth. So we meet or down a lot of the go-to-market spends and that was a significant reduction. However, we continued forward with the engineering and application spend significantly. So, what you're seeing in the immediate short-term aside from kind of the re-vectoring that we did in metering down kind of the selling and marketing or go-to market spending is you're seeing more and more online marketing, more and more virtual trade shows, et cetera, and kind of restricted travel, obviously. So, you're seeing a short-term reduction in selling and marketing spend. However, you are seeing a little bit of travel and those types of costs within the engineering ranks, but we're continuing to significantly invest on that front.
Richard Eastman: As far as that’s close to profitability…
Sanjay Mehta: We are – I don't believe in 2020, we will – it's very uncertain depending on the revenue levels in the back half of the year.
Mark Jagiela: Okay.
Sanjay Mehta: But we're teetering on. It just really depends on the top line, but we are – I want to reiterate that we are encouraged by the activity of Q3 and – as well as the ramp up in China for UR in Q2 and we expect that to continue.
Richard Eastman: Thank you.
A - Mark Jagiela: Okay. And operator, we are out of time. So those in the queue, I will get back to you at the conclusion of this call and thanks everyone for joining us today. And we look forward to talking to you in the days and weeks ahead. Bye-bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day. You may all disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-22 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Teradyne First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participant lines have been placed in a listen-only mode and later we will open the floor for your questions. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Andrew Blanchard to begin. Please go ahead sir.
Andrew Blanchard: Thank you, Maria and good morning everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne’s most recent financial results. I’m joined this morning by our CEO, Mark Jagiela; and the CFO, Sanjay Mehta. Following our opening remarks, we’ll provide details of our performance for 2020's first quarter and full year along with our outlook for the second quarter of 2020. The press release containing our first quarter results was issued last evening. We’re providing slides on the Investor page of the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion. Replays of this call will be available via the same page after the call ends.  The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne’s results to differ materially from management’s current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statements contained in the earnings release as well as our most recent SEC filings. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today’s call, we’ll make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We have posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure were available on the Investor page of our website. Also, please take special note of the Safe Harbor Statement in the press release and slide deck for risks related to the COVID-19 pandemic and potential changes to U.S. export regulations. Looking ahead between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne expects to participate in technology or industrial focused investor conferences hosted by Wolfe Research, R.W. Baird, Bank of America, Cowen, UBS, and Stifel.  Now, let’s get on with the rest of the agenda. First, Mark will comment on our recent results and the market conditions including how we are responding to the COVID-19 pandemic. Sanjay will then offer some more details on our quarterly results, along with our guidance for the second quarter. We’ll then answer your questions. And this call is scheduled for one hour. Mark?
Mark E. Jagiela: Hello everyone and thanks for joining us. Today I will describe how we're responding to the COVID-19 pandemic including our high level results for the first quarter. I'll then provide some context for how we're looking at the second quarter and the market conditions we are observing. Sanjay will then provide the financial details and more specifics on how we're managing in the current environment. COVID-19 has shaken the global economy, and it's unclear how long the restrictions on daily life will continue or what the longer-term economic implications might be. However, as you read in our press release, demand for our test products remains very strong throughout the first quarter and we were able to deliver revenue and earnings near and above the top end of our guidance respectively. As you might expect, the Teradyne team and our partners overcame numerous supply, production, and logistics obstacles during the quarter and I could not be more proud of their work.  Employee health and well-being has been our top priority at Teradyne. Globally the majority of our employees are working from home while some of our operations, supply line, and customer support teams must be onsite we are providing them with the necessary protective resources and procedures to minimize their exposure risk. Supply line challenges continue to come our way and the unusually large revenue guidance range in Q2 reflects this challenge. Sanjay will give you more details on our supply line response.  Application support projects are vital to the short-term and long-term success of both Teradyne and our customers. These projects are largely on track, with employees assisting customers onsite where necessary but using enhanced safety protocols. R&D projects are moving full speed ahead and with minor exceptions are on schedule despite the rapid shift to significant number of engineers working remotely. While we are watching this closely to ensure we get ahead of any potential productivity loss from this remote work arrangements, so far things seem to be proceeding on plan. So in summary, despite the numerous challenges presented by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Teradyne team is executing and delivering one of the largest ramps of tester shipments in history. Moments like these really stand out in our careers and it feels great to be part of this team.  Turning to the business, as of yet demand for test equipment remains little impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. While there is incremental softening in the automotive sector that's been more than made up for by strengthening of mobility, 5G, and memory test demand. On the other hand, our industrial automation business saw a decline in Q1, which we expect will deepen in Q2 as Europe and North American manufacturing remains impacted by shutdowns.  Now let's review how Q1 unfolded and how we're looking at Q2. Given the uncertainty in both supply and demand, we will not be making any full year projections in our comments today. At the total Teradyne level our first quarter sales were up 43% from first quarter of 2019 and our non-GAAP earnings per share were up 85%. In semi test sales were up 42% from Q1 2019, of that SoC test was up 37%. As expected 5G infrastructure test buying slowed in the quarter and handset related buying strengthened. This trend continues into 2Q as well.  Part of our growth comes from the mobility design wins we highlighted last year, but the biggest driver is the same thing we've been describing for years. The increasing complexity of silicon in handsets drives up test time, which in turn drives demand for more testers even in the face of flat to down handset unit volume. Increased complexity comes from more powerful apps processors, new technologies like Wi-Fi 6G and 5G, more cameras with higher pixel counts, and increasingly sophisticated sensors and displays.  Tester demand for the specific 5G modem and RF components in handsets is growing in 2020, but remains modest. Much of the early 5G deployment will use low band sub 6G technology, while millimeter wave will be a small percentage of 5G handset shipments this year. However, there is growing demand for millimeter wave testing capabilities both in semi test and at light point. The industry is building capacity for this technology from near zero so much of this demand is to put initial capacity in place for early production.  On the infrastructure side the global build out is still in the early innings and we expect test demand to ebb and flow as the network build out moves through various geographies. Memory test is another bright story. Revenues were up 76% from Q1 2019. The LPDDR5 ramp on our Magnum epic test system was the highlight of the quarter, as DRAM Final Test is a new and promising segment for us. We expect that ramp to continue in second quarter. From a revenue perspective though, flash test shipments were the dominant controller in the quarter. The latest protocol interface standards in flash are pushing interface speeds higher, driving a refresh of packaged test systems. We expect this trend to also continue in the second quarter.  Additionally, we saw healthy shipments for indigenous Chinese memory production in the first quarter. In the system test group sales doubled from the first quarter of 2019, with storage tests standing out with sales of over $75 million in the quarter. This was more than three times the level of a year ago quarter as demand for both HDD and system level test remains strong. Our defense and aerospace business grew over 30% in the quarter year-on-year, while production board tests softened on slower automotive electronics demand. In wireless test light point sales were up 50% year-on-year on increased demand for both connectivity and cellular related test systems. Like semi test light point shipments are building foundational capacity for 5G handset tests and benefiting from the Wi-Fi fixed transition.  Shifting to industrial automation, revenue in Q1 was down about 10% year-on-year as the improving outlook for universal robots in Asia, which we saw in Q4, was stopped dead in its tracks by the COVID-19 pandemic in Q1. In Europe and North America UR also faced increasing headwinds as the quarter progressed. On the other hand, MiR's autonomous mobile robots delivered roughly flat sales in the quarter compared with a year ago period. We believe the opportunities for automation will accelerate post pandemic as businesses see the resilience benefit of a more automated workflow. There will also be the opportunity in the likely realignment of localized manufacturing of critical supplies and a heavy reliance on warehouse automation and logistics automation.  To that end, our investment in new products, distribution, and organizational capability continues at full speed. In March, we introduced the MiR250 Autonomous Mobile Robot and the AutoGuide MaxN10 Pallet Stacking autonomous forklift. In April, Universal Robots formally introduced the market's most capable industrial bin picking product ActiNav. ActiNav is a UR Plus application that uses 3D vision and a proprietary path planning software in an easy to deploy plug and play solution. It provides the necessary hand-eye coordination to both precisely pick parts from bins and precisely place parts in a manufacturing flow.  Finally, let's jump up and look at the big picture. Our 1Q demand was very strong and we were nimble enough to fulfill that demand despite the COVID-19 challenges. Our Q2 demand looks even stronger and the team is focused on knocking down supply bottlenecks to realize another great quarter. However, we recognize that we're not operating in a vacuum. The midterm impact of rolling economic shutdowns remains uncertain in many industries, including our own. Bear in mind that volatility is not new to us. We have an operating model that can flex up and down with extreme demand swings and still remain profitable. We have employees across the company that have weathered severe economic storms in the past and in each case we've emerged better positioned competitively.  You will note that we have suspended our stock buyback as a prudent hedge until the future impact becomes a bit clear. At the same time, we also anticipate an increased likelihood of M&A opportunities later in the year. Either way, our rock solid balance sheet will be an asset in the quarters to come. Longer term, we know technology relentlessly marches onward providing solutions to global challenges and enriching all of our lives. We remain confident in the long-term outlook for our test and automation markets and in our strategy to excel at serving them. Sanjay will now take you through the financial details. Sanjay.
Sanjay Mehta: Thank you, Mark. Good morning everyone. This morning I'll provide details on how we're managing our operations, spending and capital allocation in this uncertain environment. I will then cover our Q1 results and our Q2 outlook. I first want to acknowledge the tough environment our employees, customers, suppliers and their families are going through. For those that have family or friends with COVID-19, I wish you a speedy recovery and hope this pandemic will be behind us soon. I would like to thank our employees and suppliers for your extraordinary efforts and our customers for your patience and confidence in Teradyne.  As Mark noted earlier, our priorities are the safety of our employees, supporting our customers, and continued execution in achieving our financial objectives. While we can't predict the duration of this pandemic and its economic consequences, we enter this pandemic in a strong financial position with a flexible business model. Specifically, we have 905 million of cash and marketable securities at the end of Q1 with no short-term debt. We have a $460 million face value convertible bond that's due in December 2023. We have a diverse portfolio of businesses in test and industrial automation. These businesses continue to service their markets with a leading set of products. Our test businesses continue to have tailwinds behind them with new technology introductions, introductions like various flavors of 5G, and new memory standards like LPDDR5. This is balanced by the contraction of our industrial automation businesses due to both weaknesses in the auto industry and COVID-19.  A couple of points on our expense model, the test equipment market is cyclical, hence we've structured our company's expenses to be able to handle large demand swings. Total expenses are set at a level to ensure we generate cash during periods of low market demand while retaining maximum flexibility to scale up. For example, manufacturing for our test portfolios mainly outsourced to contract manufacturers. Therefore, much of our cost of goods sold are flexible as we are not burdened with the extensive fixed costs. We have an efficient operating expense model where portions of our engineering, operations, and G&A functions are in low cost regions. Lastly, our compensation structure varies with our revenue and profit levels.  As Mark noted, we are continuing to invest in our engineering roadmaps across the company. This includes significant 5G, AI, and memory related investments in test. We're also investing to support the pullout of our UR Plus application kits, including our ActiNav industrial bin picking product just introduced by Universal Robots, a new product roadmaps at MiR and AutoGuide as well as key IP that will benefit us in the years to come. Another key investment focus this year will be our supply line. While the bulk of our production is in Asia close to our customers, the supply line supporting that production is truly global. As Q1 demonstrated, our internal team and partners did an outstanding job in difficult circumstances to meet our customer delivery requirements. This experience has not only reinforced the value of our operations team, but has identified areas that we could improve. These are primarily in areas of adding redundancy for critical components and manufacturing capacity. We're taking these lessons learned to strengthen the supply chain further in the days ahead, and these will have an impact on our costs.  Now to Q1, company revenues were 704 million, up 43% year-over-year. Semi test revenue of 484 million was up over 40% from Q1 of 2019 driven by handset related SoC demand and strengthened flash final test. In memory, we also ramped LPDDR5 revenues tied to our Q4 design win. System test group had revenue of $116 million which doubled year-over-year driven by strong -- driven by storage test solutions primarily for terabyte [ph] class near line drives as system tests -- as well as system tests solutions. Industrial automation or IA revenue of $60 million was down year-over-year on manufacturing weakness amplified by the COVID-19 pandemic. In March, we did see some improvement in China, our fastest growing market in 2019, which is an encouraging sign and hopefully a leading indicator for countries to get back towards pre-COVID-19 work environments. Light Point had revenue of $43 million and grew 50% year-over-year with cellular 5G and the new connectivity standard Wi-Fi 6 driving revenue.  Non-GAAP gross margins were 57.6%, down a point quarter-over-quarter due to product mix. Our non-GAAP operating expenses were down $7 million to $197 million from the fourth quarter due to lower discretionary spending and timing of expenditures, slightly offset by higher variable compensation on higher profit. Non-GAAP operating profit rate was 30% and non-GAAP EPS was a dollar. The tax rate excluding discrete items for the quarter and year was 14.5% on a GAAP basis and 15% on a non-GAAP basis. The improvement in tax rate is driven by a higher revenue mix from our test portfolio than planned.  Turning to share buybacks, we bought back 1.3 million shares for $79 million at an average price of $58.81 in the first quarter. Effective April 1st, we have suspended our share repurchase program. There are two reasons why we made the decision to preserve cash at this time. Firstly, as we look forward there is uncertainty of the depth and the duration of the economic impact of COVID-19. Secondly, we wanted to retain more cash on the balance sheet to enable M&A opportunities which may present themselves in the near-term. As Q1 is typically our lowest cash generation quarter we generated $6 million in free cash flow as we paid annual variable compensation in Q1. Share buybacks and dividends were primary drivers of our $111 million of cash decline in Q1.  Turning to Q2, given the volatile environment -- Turning to Q2 revenue range, sorry, given the volatile environment that we're facing we've widened our guidance range to reflect the various scenarios we're considering. The first assumption is that second or third waves of the virus do not force countries to shut down essential semiconductor businesses. The second assumption is that semiconductors retain the status of being considered essential by governments when imposing stay at home work orders. The third assumption is that our operations team continues to be able to mitigate supply chain and production issues globally.  From a demand perspective I would also like to remind you of a couple of important points. First, we have a concentrated demand in Q2 related to Smartphone handsets and their associated launches. As you know, Smartphone demand can change quickly and while our guidance reflects our latest estimates, we're not immune to the short-term changes in demand that could materially change our outlook for Q2. Second, we're not operating in normal conditions, so normal seasonality may not come into play in the future quarters.  Now to our Q2 outlook, sales are expected to be between $690 million and $800 million. Non-GAAP EPS of $0.86 to a $1.16 on 173 million of diluted shares. Second quarter guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles and the non-cash computed interest on the convertible debt. Second quarter gross margins are estimated at 55% to 56% down approximately 2% at the midpoint from Q1. There are two factors causing the margin decline. First, incremental costs associated with COVID-19 are being incurred to ensure our supply line as noted prior. This impact results in just under half of the margin decline. Second, increased mix of mobility business in the quarter drives just over half of the margin decline.  Margins expected in Q2 follows similar historical pattern when there is a sales mix bias towards mobility. Second half of 2020 gross margins are expected to further decline from Q2 due to continued growth in new product ramps which have not come down the cost curve such as the UltraFLEX Plus and Millimeter Wave solutions. We expect to return to our historical gross margins in 2021. OPEX spending will increase from the first quarter due to incremental test investments in both R&D and SG&A. Incremental IA investments were focused on distribution and product development investments. OPEX is expected to run at 27% to 30% of second quarter sales. The non-GAAP operating profit at the midpoint of our second quarter guidance is 27%. Regarding our OPEX plans for the full year, in light of the changes we discussed earlier, our latest estimate projects 2020 OPEX to grow about 7% to 8% from $758 million in 2019. This is down from our January guide.  In closing, these are challenging times and we believe we are well-positioned to execute over the period of demand volatility. We have a diversified portfolio of businesses and customers, strong cash position and balance sheet, taking actions to reinforce our business against an uncertain future while continuing to strategically invest in customer support and product roadmaps that will power our future success. As we proceed ahead we'll make changes if needed in line with the foundational [Technical Difficulty] noted. When this pandemic and resulting societal impacts recede we're confident that the global economic and demographic forces will continue to make the electronics test and industrial automation industries attractive growth markets. With that, I'll turn things back to Andy. 
Andrew Blanchard: Thanks, Sanjay. Maria we would now like to take some questions and as a reminder, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. 
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Brian Chin of Stifel.
Brian Chin: Hi there, good morning. Congratulations on the strength of the results and appreciate you are not making this into a Zoom conference call. My first question would be maybe just to sort of reconcile the strength you're seeing in your business, there clearly is a wide range of expectations for what semi growth could be in 2020 and understand why you are skewing lower as expectations for markets like Smartphones and automotive have been lowered, what's the complexity and sort of your success in terms of expanding platforms in test and to cut new customers is certainly one factor, how would you further reconcile the strength of your business with sort of the declining growth expectations further downstream? And I guess more bluntly, do you also plan for some form of rationalization of test capacity beyond the second quarter? 
Mark E. Jagiela: Okay, there's a lot in there. But, I think it is perhaps a little bit incoherent to see such strong tester demand when people are talking about the uncertainty or declining in unit volumes, particularly in handsets. But I think this is not unprecedented. This is back to the issue of it's not so much the number of phones that are being produced, it's the complexity of the silicon in the phones and the associated test time. And that's obviously and absolutely what's occurring at the moment. So whether we were in the midst of a COVID pandemic or not, the business right now would be equally robust. And I don't believe it's overbuying or sort of there's a rationalization necessarily provided this economic impact doesn't persist into next year and slow down the rate of complexity growth, which is a possibility. We don't know if that will happen, but it's a possibility. But I think with so many things coming together this year around features in phones like the new Wi-Fi standard, some of the new sensor technologies, and of course 5G, that it's just driving a lot of complexity increase. And so I don't think the test business, you can necessarily correlate that well with the end markets for semiconductors because of that. You certainly see automotive down, way down. And we see that in our business industrial down and we see that in our business for test. But mobility is quite strong.
Brian Chin: I appreciate that. Maybe even sort of against those comments, you know, I think it was early 2017, there was also quite a great deal of strength from mobile processor that you saw in your business in terms of the test capacity additions that occurred in early 2017. Would you use that as an analog relative to what you're seeing now in terms of maybe complexity or also not maybe exceptionally strong, phone unit environment as well?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah, I think it's reasonably analogous. And therefore, year-to-year, what you've seen in our business for test is that it's not monotonic or consistent year-to-year in terms of our business in the second and third quarter related to mobility. In the years where there's a lot of technological change, we get incrementally more growth in revenue. And then there's some years where the change is more modest and it'll be down. So that's going to be part of our future, as far as the eye can see. So we really look at it as a trend line and, yes, this is a particularly strong year.
Brian Chin: Alright. I appreciate that. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini of SIG.
Mehdi Hosseini: Thanks for taking question. Mark, I want to go back to your comment back in January earnings conference call, you characterized the first half versus second half as 55-45. In other words, it's 55% of your 2020 revenue would be captured in the first half. And I do understand lack of visibility. But just given how strong your first answer is, would you -- I agree that your first step could actually be more than 55% of the 2020 revenues?
Mark E. Jagiela: It certainly could be. I think what we've seen since the January call is that what we described as sort of the first and second quarters being roughly equal is close to right. I think we've seen a little more strengthening in the second quarter than we projected back then. And we've seen Q1 turn out to be a little bit higher at the high end of our guide than back then. So it's come in a little bit hotter and therefore, it certainly could be that the percentage skew toward the first half could be higher. The thing about the second half though it's not a -- there is no model out there we can rely on to predict what's going to happen. So, at the moment the demand, even the backlog and the deliveries we're quoting through the third quarter are pretty strong, but we know that can change in a moment's notice.
Mehdi Hosseini: Sure, thank you. And I want to go back to your use of cash in terms of the priorities for M&A if they were to happen in the second half, what is the priority for you, would semi tests or areas adjusting to semi tests now become a priority or would you focus on industrial automation and making additional investment there?
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, hey buddy, it's Sanjay here. So, I think that we have an active M&A group that we've look at many different opportunities in the last several years. Obviously, the focus has been on industrial automation, but we are actively looking and the key part of that strategy is that as valuations potentially come down in the future, products -- or companies have a good fit and become more attractive financially. And so I'd say, historically and even looking forward there'll be a focus on industrial automation. But I wouldn't count anything now.
Mehdi Hosseini: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya of Bank of America Securities.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. Mark, I understand the argument about complexity growing in mobile, but I imagine that was known at the start of the year but since then, Smartphone volume expectations have come down. I think the assumption is that down high single digit or so. So is it that 5G mix is better. I'm just curious what could have cost a tester demand to improve when volumes have been revised downwards? And as part of that, if you could give us some color about how much of that incremental strength that you are seeing is from China domestic customers versus the U.S. and Korean customers?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah, so I think first of all, it's a good question. Most of the test capacity that is being installed in second and third quarter is for production of handsets that will occur in third, fourth quarter of this year. So the falloff in handsets that we've seen in Q1 and Q2, there is no relationship on that demand. It's related to what do people think, the unit volume for new phones, not in aggregate, but for new phones will be in the second half of the year. And apparently going just by the strength in the business that view is still pretty robust. The other thing that changes as you go from January till now is people start to get a better sense of the complexity impact on test time. So there's some preliminary views back in January but as you get closer to mass production, the reality of what that test time is sets in and can drive up or down demand.  We saw several years ago if you remember a situation where the progression from January to April resulted in a reduction of test capacity because test time turned out to be better than people thought. In this particular situation that's not the case, it's moving a bit in the other direction. So those are the two things I think that are going on that are causing demand to be incrementally stronger despite the fact that in the first half the old handsets unit volumes are down. And then on China versus anyplace else, we're seeing very strong demand across the board. It's not one geography, it's Korea, it's China, it's U.S., it's just a generally competitive robust plan around new technology for phones.
Vivek Arya: Got it, very helpful. And for my follow-up Sanjay you mentioned some pressure on second half gross margin and I think you said Q2 would be 55% to 56%. Could you give us a sense for what specifically in the mix -- and I understand of course industrial automation is lower so maybe that is having an impact. But beyond that what is having the impact on Q2 gross margin and then where can second half gross margin be, I don't understand what about new product ramps can take gross margins down so much in these quarters when your sales growth is so strong year-on-year? 
Sanjay Mehta: Sure, so going down about 2% from Q1 is at the midpoint is what I said and really half -- think about it, over half of the decline is tied to the concentration of sales mix and mobility. That's not unlike the patterns we've seen in the past. The second part would be and I mentioned in my prepared remarks we've had to strengthen our supply chain and many costs associated with the COVID-19 impact which is just under half of the impact. So that really kind of bridges you from Q1 to Q2. And then getting on to your second question about the second half, first let me comment and say the second half there's tremendous demand uncertainty. As you'd expect with different businesses we have we could have -- could come in or not come in so that product mix would have an impact. But that being said we're really seeing the adoption of several new products and solutions specifically the UltraFLEX Plus platform and Millimeter Wave really take hold and volumes ramping a little bit faster than we had predicted. And these are platforms if you recall that last over 10 years and in their infancy stage they come down a cost curve. And so -- and we do expect margins to come back in 2021.
Vivek Arya: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Atif Malik of Citi. 
Atif Malik: Hi, thanks for taking my questions and great job on the execution. Mark you talked about strength of indigenous China in first quarter and we hear about the U.S. government looking into perhaps license fees for chip makers exposed to [indiscernible] for U.S. equipment suppliers and was the demand in this indigenous China what you expected back in January or was there any kind of pulling or any discussions with your customers that they were worried about the license concerns?
Mark E. Jagiela: I don't want to talk about any specific customer situation. All I would say is that there's really been no change in demand from the China region for SoC test since the January call. We've had a little bit of incremental demand maybe on the memory side but things are playing out pretty much as planned on test equipment for China. Light Point may also have seen a little bit up but nothing material.
Atif Malik: Great and then maybe this one for Sanjay and how are you positioning the industrial automation business differently going into recession. You talked about -- warehouses logistics end markets and more. Are you looking into maybe moving away from the auto end market?
Sanjay Mehta: Yes, so I think industrial automation had some weakness building up to COVID-19 in the auto industry which is a large part of the business. And with the rolling shutdowns in manufacturing in the U.S. and Europe are predominantly big regions for the business. We're seeing that impact and obviously contract year-on-year. We did see some encouraging demand in China in the last couple of weeks of March as well as April to date. We are seeing demand pick up back to pre-COVID levels and it's an encouraging sign as an indicator of how things might return back to normal. But we're still in the early innings on that.  When I think about the business, we guided 10% to 12% OPEX growth in 2020 and we brought that down to 7% to 8%. A lot of that investment decline was really tied to the go to market for industrial automation that we've kept the focus on the product, the ecosystem, etc. But really we had an investment strategy that one, tied to investing for growth. And as the contraction and the uncertainty remains, we've moderated that spend in our plans to come down. But we believe in the fundamentals in the long run and we will as the market comes back and manufacturing comes back, we actually think COVID-19 if ever there's a hope there's a benefit out of it is to highlight the advantages and strengthening your supply chain with industrial automation. Now, this would need to be balanced by getting people back to work. But we will continue to invest in the ecosystem as well as distribution. It's just in 2020, it'll be a little bit less than we anticipated, just given the moderated revenue we're seeing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari of Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Good morning, guys and thanks for taking the question. Mark, you talked a little bit about Millimeter Wave in your prepared remarks. I think you noted that contribution in 2020 should be relatively small, but you do expect the technology to contribute to growth in 2021 and beyond. Can you help us quantify how big or how small Millimeter Wave could be for your business this year and what your expectations are for the next couple of years? Then I've got a quick follow up. Thanks.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah. So, I think certainly people are beginning to ramp production now of Millimeter Wave, but it's in a small fraction of the handsets that'll be produced this year in the end. And, related to the impact this year, I bound it's somewhere in the high tens of millions of dollars across the company, somewhere in that sort of range. Now, we've said longer-term the total 5G wave should build towards sort of this $400 million to $500 million added to the TAM. And with everything going on right now with sub 6G and with Millimeter Wave and such, maybe we are two thirds of the way into that because we are seeing strong demand for the sub 6G side of this. It's just less test intensive. So, as we go into 2021 I would expect that to grow. And I think those are the sort of bookends.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. Then a quick follow up on the IA side of your business. Over the past couple of years, I think you've talked about going more direct to large customers but I just wanted to check in and sort of confirm how significant or insignificant your direct business is today as a percentage of IA sales. And on the distribution side, I'm curious how much visibility you have into how much inventory your distributors hold today, just given the current environment? Thank you.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah. On the direct sales part, that's a program we launched last year and it's something we're doing both in all three of our automation companies that started out heavily distribution oriented. For large accounts MiR UR have moved towards direct sales, but that's really been in effect for a couple of quarters. We're into a downturn now and a lot of those customers were automotive related. So I don't have the numbers in front of me, but I don't think the revenue percentage would be all that significant at this point. On inventory I don't think there's very much of any buildup inventory in the channel around automation. It's a very quick turns business. We look at that pretty carefully every quarter so no overhang there.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of CJ Muse of Evercore.
CJ Muse: Yeah, good morning. Thank you for taking the question. I guess first question is regarding supply chain, and so curious can you speak to in particular what kind of issues you're seeing in Malaysia, elsewhere in Southeast Asia for downstream customers, whether or not you're seeing plans for any sort of redundancy from those customers given the uncertainty around COVID and your desire to perhaps test and assemble at multiple locations? And then I guess particularly the paradigm as you think about this is kind of a hopefully just a short-term speed bump here. How are you planning to manage your own inventory, so if I recall back during the financial crisis, you had shortages in FPGA etc., which made it difficult to ramp testers coming out of the correction, would love to hear what your plans are today for hopefully a recovery into the future? Thank you.
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah hi, it's Sanjay here. So, from a supply chain perspective I think we've -- our operations team and our supply partners have done yeoman's effort. And if we break it down, when this first -- pandemic first broke out in China, where we have a large contract manufacturer as well as supply chain kind of feeding it specifically, we drove a path or a task force on ensuring to get labor back, ensuring to get materials. And then the first thing we did is we kicked off our supply chain in other parts of the world. And we invested in redundancy from different supply lines into different geographic locations. And so the key takeaway is that we are building both redundancy in the component qualification that feeds our test equipment and industrial automation products and then secondly, in building capacity in different territories. And then as the pandemic grew throughout the world and as you mentioned, Malaysia, the Philippines and different South Asian countries, you had to build redundancy in logistics and the flight lines to both -- for our products to get to customers, but also for our components to actually get to the contract manufacturers to get deployed.  So there's been a significant investment that we're going to strengthen our supply chain and make sure we have clear diversification of supply if in the event the pandemic, which who knows how long it's going to go, will have that strength. And so that's I think part one. And the second thing is we are building obviously our inventories went down just really to kind of meet our demand. And as we're growing, we are currently building inventory in anticipation of delivering, as you saw, the significant range. And, the range is really tied to where do we believe where we can have a high assurance of delivery of that. So we are building inventory at this time. But I think it'll normalize as demand starts to shake out and as the market unfolds.
CJ Muse: Hopeful, as my follow-up, I guess kind of a two part question. You talked about mobility really the driver for Q2 but, given the commentary around gross margins impacted by Millimeter Wave and UltraFLEX Plus introduction into the back half would suggest perhaps that could continue into the second half. So I guess how do we think about mobility and seasonality? And then as part of that, my understanding with the plus is that same software, very different hardware from the non-plus. And so curious what kind of obsolescence you might see there and as you get new product introductions that are only using the UltraFLEX Plus, what impact might that have on the types of demand for that tool here in 2020 and into 2021?
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, so I think at the beginning of the year we anticipated a strong first half. It's kind of playing out the way we anticipated it. It is a little bit stronger in Q2 as we've guided in our range. The second half of the year is really opaque. The impact of the economic construction of the pandemic is really unclear at this point. We do know that there has been, relative to our expectations in January, a little bit more of an acceleration of adoption of the UltraFLEX Plus and Millimeter Wave and as I said earlier, given the volatility in the second half, there could be a bunch of puts and takes in the gross margin. With regards to the ramp up of the UltraFLEX, the UltraFLEX has been around for decades and has a long tail. So we don't necessarily see a huge obsolescence risk with the transition as it occurs.
Andrew Blanchard: Could we have the next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri of UBS. 
Timothy Arcuri: Hi, thanks. I guess I had two questions. First, is on [indiscernible]. So I know that you disclosed in the case so direct and indirect through the offsets was 11% of revenue last year. You did say that they were greater than 10% customer in December. It sounds like they were greater than 10% in March. I guess two part question is that the case and are they still expected to be greater than 10% in the June number, I ask that because the disclosures and the Safe Harbor did change quite a bit and it seems like something is clearly likely to happen there, so that revenue seems to be at risk for the back half of the year? And then I had a follow-up, thanks.
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, so Sanjay here. So, first of all, we don't comment on specific customers. We obviously did disclose in the annual report that ValveA [ph] and affiliates did procure 11% of our business last year, but we specifically won't comment. We did have one 10% customer this quarter.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay, yeah. I ask because you did say that last quarter so it seems like you have said that in the past but okay. Okay, and then I guess my second question is, can you give us a sense of what the mix is for June, it sounds like on the semi test side memories could be flat to up. I would assume systems test comes down a little bit. You said IA is going to remain pretty weak. So I guess I'm wondering if you can give any color on the mix particularly SS [ph] fee, which seems like it has to be in the 550 million to 575 million range. I just wonder if you can give us any comment there? Thanks. 
Sanjay Mehta: I think from a mix perspective I will comment on the specific numbers, but semi testers will -- as you said will be very strong. And as we've messaged as part of mobility, we do expect system test to decline a tad or to decline.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay, alright. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar of Cowen and Company. Krish, make sure your line is not mute.
Andrew Blanchard: Well, let's come back to Krish.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Weston Twigg of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Weston Twigg: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Actually, I had two quick ones, one on the industrial automation business. You mentioned that on the other side of this pandemic there should be a nice acceleration of demand which makes total sense. But I'm wondering have you been having conversations with some of these smaller manufacturing operations that may realize they need to invest in automation, or is that just an expectation. In other words, is that comment based on conversations you're having today or just the expectation they would recover?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah, I think the conversations today are really not that far out in terms of their headlights, but it's an expectation. But I would say that we've commented that the mobile platform hit near, saw a flat sales quarter-over-quarter, hasn't been as robustly impacted by this pandemic. And part of the reason for that is that there's already applications for that platform in the healthcare space that are growing. So while industrial has been moving down, that's been increasing. And so I think there's partly small to medium sized enterprises will look at automation coming out of this as an -- as a strategic asset. But moving toward some of these other verticals that are likely to disproportionately grow is another part of the calculus on how this growth in industrial automation accelerates coming out of this.
Weston Twigg: Okay, that's helpful. And then my follow-up is you had talked about supply chain redundancy, good manufacturing capacity redundancy. And I have heard that from other companies as well related to building out semi test demand and I'm wondering if that is part of the near-term strength you're seeing for testing, in other words, are your customers building out some test redundancy and is that a temporary function?
Mark E. Jagiela: You know, I think that's something we're concerned about and to the extent we've checked and looked. We don't see that really. You know, it would be pretty obvious if we saw customers that are trying to test silicon shift or move capacity to an OSATs but typically speaking, the testers are purchased by third party OSAT and they're not very willing to invest in capital unless it's going to be utilized really quickly. And as we've looked at the utilization of the equipment that we've been installing, it seems to be pulled quickly and turned on and utilized right away. So there's not idle capacity being put into the test, semi test channel that we're aware of.
Weston Twigg: Okay, very helpful. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from line of John Pitzer of Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Yeah. Good morning, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Mark, there's been a lot of questions on the SoC test business. Maybe I'll give you one on the memory test, which had a really strong March quarter in fact, you kind of back at both levels we were seeing in 2018 when the spending environment and memory was just significantly better and pick growth was sort of accelerating versus decelerating. So I am kind of curious if you can talk a little bit about some of the complexity drivers there and the market share drivers there, and how sustainable do you think that is in the back half of the year?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah, for the back half of the year God knows. But, there are a couple of things going on there that are interesting. One piece of it is that we opened up a new segment of memory tests that we haven't participated in before, which is DRAM final test. And in the DRAM world there's a transition occurring to LPDDR5. That obsoletes the existing fleet of equipment out there. So to the extent memory manufacturers are beginning that shift just from a technological point of view, they have no choice but to buy incremental capacity for it and that's something that's benefiting us in Q1. And likely we will continue through the year, not just Q2 but in beyond. And that has years to go. So that's a tailwind for sure.  The bigger piece of memory in terms of revenue is flash and flashes for many years now have been undergoing a similar generational shift towards high speed. And unlike I would say DRAM, that's kind of very controlled and not -- I wouldn't say a commodity, but the standards around DRAM are kind of ubiquitous. In the case of flash, there is much more bespoke design going on around the protocols for the interface speeds depending on the handset they're going in or the application they're going in. And that diversity drives a lot of incremental test instrument buying to test all that variety. So that's been true historically. It is just as strong right now. And then the other comment I'll make is that new manufacturers that we see coming online in China are not slowing down. They are putting capacity in and that's also a tailwind.
John Pitzer: That's helpful Mark. And then maybe as my follow up the other standout segment this quarter was the system test both sequentially and year-over-year. And you had some comments about strength and near line drives. I'm just kind of curious how big a component of the growth was hard drives and again, can you help us think about sustainability around complexity and share versus just having to rely upon volumes?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah. So, hard drives have been a standout and both aspects of what we do with that storage test product are interesting. And I think the hard drive piece is sustainable and it's sustainable pretty much as far as the eye can reasonably see and through next year. And this has been going on for several years now. And, there's only really two predominant manufacturers out there. And so share is a little bit not an issue as much as just as the systemic underlying growth there. And it definitely seems to be there with the increasing density of these drives and volume. On the system level test side, that's a nascent market that's still in early development. It's a semiconductor test market. It's an additional insertion of test for semiconductor tests. And very few manufacturers have adopted that methodology yet. We're fortunately on the leading edge of that adoption. Will it become an industry pervasive methodology where more and more manufacturers decide to add an additional insertion or test step before they ship their final product or not is unclear but compared to what our expectations were a year ago the volume there is certainly exceeded our expectations. So it's a good secular sign.
John Pitzer: Thanks and congratulations again. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Richard Eastman of Baird. 
Richard Eastman: Yes, thanks for sneaking me in here. But just -- first question is just around the industrial automation business and with the business model there and I don't know how the variable fixed cost mix is for the entire IA business but at a $60 million kind of revenue run rate here you know in the first quarter and that perhaps ticks a little bit in the second quarter, was that business a profitable contributor in the first quarter?
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah hi, it is Sanjay here. So, first thing with IA, as we enter into this market we believe that it's on a rapid growth trajectory over the mid-term. We're seeing the impact obviously of the auto weakness in the pandemic but inherently in that our fixed cost as a percentage of the businesses is much higher because we do internal manufacturing. And so we do outsource some subcomponents but fundamentally we inherently have a higher fixed cost structure just because we believe we have a leadership position and that's one of our attributes to hold on to that leadership position. So there is a higher fixed cost component.  The second comment is in 2019 we were profitable, we had plans even though it was a heavy investment year that we've kind of redacted down tied to revenue. We believe we would have a profitable year. In the first quarter with the contraction we weren’t profitable. 
Richard Eastman: Okay the development on the new products they are with the MiR new products and obviously maybe the awaited ActiNav product now being introduced. Is it a reasonable assumption that as we push out to the fourth quarter that the new products plus again making some assumption around the global economy may be improving by the fourth quarter but do we do -- does this sort of kind of look at the IA businesses potentially seeing sales growth in the fourth quarter, is that still on the table year-over-year?
Mark E. Jagiela: It's on the table for sure whether it'll happen or not is a question. I mean fourth quarter is always strong. And the early signs in China, you know, China certainly was an anchor in Q1 on our IA sales but as we've gone into March and into Q2 they've come back pretty strong in IA buying. It could very well set year-over-year records in our IA business. So if that is a mirror image of the rest of the world which we don't know we can certainly see a Q4 in IA that was sequentially up.
Richard Eastman: Okay and Mark you in the commentary and the slides I didn't notice any updates around the semi SoC test market or memory test market. And I gather from your comments just on the puts and takes and the SoC market obviously strength and mobility IA and the industrial piece was softer. And even in the memory side it seems like a lot of the strength there for you guys is here. But are you still comfortable at this time just with the previous maybe thoughts around the size of the SoC test market as well as memory test market, are they still reasonably good assumptions here at this time? 
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah, I would kind of toss all that overboard unfortunately because we just don't know about the second half. But what I can say is if what we do know about is the first half of the year and if you look at the first half of the year we're running towards the high end in market size in both memory and SoC compared to what we projected that led to the prior estimates. So, if anything -- if this had been a sort of normal year without COVID we probably right now be revising up some of our market size estimates for the year for each segment. But in light of what's happening we really can't comment. 
Richard Eastman: Understood, okay, great, thank you and really fantastic quarter to your team. 
Andrew Blanchard: And operator we are going to try to squeeze just one more and please I know we started a little bit late so could you just give us one more question please. 
Operator: Certainly, our last question will come from the line of Sidney Ho of Deutsche Bank. 
Sidney Ho: Great, thanks for squeezing me in. The question is just a follow up to the previous question. I understand you don't want to give full year forecasts for SoC TAM. Is that your view that most of the SoC TAM that get -- I guess the market is going to lose this year will be recovered next year assuming the Corona Virus situation is under control say by the end of this calendar year. Well some of that be lost permanently, maybe you can talk about that by end market? Thanks. 
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah, I think it's just very speculative but I'll give you maybe just a little bit of color and I'll probably regret it. If you go back to what happened in 2008 and 2009 as a reference, it came back with a vengeance in 2010 and you could argue that it sort of on a trend line basis still the hole in that was created in 2009. So the technological progress just drives a underlying test demand in terms of this complexity growth that is cumulative. It can be temporarily squashed through things like a sharp drop in unit volume demand which is what occurred there. But it came back with a vengeance. So the real question then in this situation is when will the unit volume demand recover because the underlying technological growth will likely continue unabated. And I think that's everybody's guess. We expect things, mobility in handsets have been slightly declining now for a couple of years and it's really had little impact on the test demand. If the handset market starts into double-digit declines and that persist through next year I would say it must have some impact on Testament because the complexity underlying complexity growth this year is quite high. It's likely that it'll oscillate year-to-year. So those are just sort of touchstones but no prediction.
Sidney Ho: Okay, that's fair. Maybe my follow up question is in the industrial automation business just to level set, given the pretty sharp deceleration over the last few quarters for the segment and I'm guessing that will continue in Q2, how should we think about the revenue exposure today Q1 or Q2 whatever you want to use to areas that I expected to continue to see weakness namely automotive by end market or maybe some geography. Just trying to understand if things continue to go the wrong way how much of that is at risk?
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, so it is Sanjay here. So, really we're predicting a downward bias in Q2 just given the fact that there's a lot of filter in place, manufacturing locations are still down. And so we do see a further contraction. Looking forward as I said earlier we did see signs of improvement what I would call getting back to an initial innings in China pre-COVID levels but it's really too early to tell how fast the recovery would be. And we did enter it -- we did enter in the last quarter a little bit of weakness with automotive.
Sidney Ho: Okay, great, thanks. 
Andrew Blanchard: Okay folks, this concludes our call. Thanks for your interest in Teradyne. We look forward to talking to you in the weeks ahead and those still in the queue I'll get back to you straight away. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude Teradyne's first quarter 2020 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-23 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Teradyne Q4 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker, Mr. Andrew Blanchard. Please go ahead.
Andrew Blanchard: Thank you, Sherry. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne’s most recent financial results. I’m joined this morning by our CEO, Mark Jagiela; and CFO, Sanjay Mehta. Following our opening remarks, we’ll provide details of our performance for 2019's fourth quarter and full year along with our outlook for the first quarter of 2020. The press release containing our fourth quarter results was issued last evening. We’re providing slides on the Investor page of the website that may be helpful to you when following the discussion. Replays of this call will be available via the same page after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne’s results to differ materially from management’s current expectations.  We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statements contained in the earnings release as well as our most recent SEC filings. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today’s call, we’ll make reference to the non-GAAP financial measures. We have posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure were available on the Investor page. Also, please take special note of the release in slide deck for risks associated to potential changes in US export regulations. Looking ahead between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne will be participating in technology or industrial focused investor conferences hosted by Goldman Sachs, Citi, Barclays, and Susquehanna. Now, let’s get on with the rest of the agenda. First, Mark will comment on our recent results and the market conditions as we enter the New Year. Sanjay will then offer more details on our quarterly results, along with our guidance for the fourth quarter. We’ll then answer your questions. And this call is scheduled for one hour. Mark?
Mark Jagiela: Thanks, Andy and hello everyone. And today's call I will note our Q4 and 2019 full your highlight and comment on our outlook for 2020. Sanjay will then provide the financial details. And as we do each January, update you on our earnings model and capital allocation plans. We ended the year on a very strong for with sales up 26% from the fourth quarter of 2018. And non-GAAP earnings per share of 40%. That brought our full year sales to about $2.3 billion up 9% and non-GAAP EPS $2.86, up 21% versus 2018.  Fourth quarter [ph] 2019 our test businesses performed well above our plan. Industrial automation showed solid growth but came in below plan on manufacturing sector headwinds in the US and Europe. In Semi Test the above plan results came primarily from three areas. First 5G infrastructure build out in China. Second significant smartphone complexity growth. And third memory test share gains. We estimate the 5G infrastructure build out contributed about $200 million to the $3.3 billion SOC TAM in 2019. And we captured a sizable portion of that spending. As stated in prior calls this build out has for the moment mostly concentrated in China. In smartphones, complexity growth was very strong driving test intensity and therefore tester demand. The growth is largely unrelated to 5G as 5G handset volume was insignificant in 2019. Rather the steady increase in features like multiple cameras, enhanced photo and video processing, and new connectivity features drove this demand. In particular image sensor test demand was very strong, as there was broad adoption of three to four backside cameras and a wide variety. The third driver was memory. While the memory market declined as expected by about 35% from 2018, our sales were down about 3% as NAND test spending was buoyed by [technical difficulty] for higher speed devices, and by investments from emerging suppliers in memory. Less significant in 2019 revenue, but a significant impact going forward was the successful break into the DRAM [technical difficulty] new Magnum Epic LPDDR5 DRAM tester. This expands Teradyne's TAM to now serve all four sectors of the test market with our Magnum platform. Our system tested light point test businesses also delivered above plan results. In system test defense and aerospace, production board test, and storage test all delivered very strong growth for the full year. Storage test performance is a special [technical difficulty] 70% coming from the increased test intensity of terabyte HDD drives and a growing business in the system level test of complex semiconductor devices. [technical difficulty] point new connectivity standards along with early buying for the 5G handset test market were the principal drivers of 19% growth for the full year. While our test businesses performance was above plan, our IA business performance was solid but below plan for the year growing 12% on a pro forma basis. Individually, UR grew 6% and MiR grew 43% on a pro forma basis. As we've discussed at UR we've had high exposure to the global automotive supply chain and general European manufacturing sector, both of which faced strong economic headwinds throughout the year. On the other hand, MiRs mobile robots serve a more diverse range of end markets and showed solid growth in the year. 2019 was also a big year for Teradyne on the new product front. These new products, both strengthened our core positions and set us up to profitably grow in the future. In Semi Test, we introduced the UltraFLEXplus platform targeting the AI and big data markets.  The Magnum epic platform for LPDDR5 DRAM final test and the MX44 instrument for 5G millimeter wave device test. At LitePoint, we introduced new members of our IQgig and IQxel families of production testers for 5G handsets and [technical difficulty] with WiFi respectively. In system test we ramped production of the spectrum high speed tester for complex defense electronic systems. In industrial automation we introduced the UR16e cobot for higher payload and began delivery of our [indiscernible] solution for multiple beta site customers in Q4.  In mobile robots, we introduced the MR1000 for increased payloads and the MiR AI camera system that utilizes AI to improve robot traffic flow in busy industrial settings. And our engineering pipeline is full of future products across all groups. Rounding up 2019 our balanced approach to capital allocation resulted in the strategic acquisition of AutoGuide serving the nascent autonomous mobile forklift market. We also continued our capital return program with $500 million in share buybacks and $61 million in dividends.  Looking forward to 2020, we see continued strong momentum in our test businesses and an improvement in our AI [ph] growth. Early returns on our new products are positive with UltraFLEXplus winning a significant competitive design win during Q4 in the mobility space, and the Magnum Epic tester winning in LPDDR final test, at a major memory make. These early wins in Semi Tests contribute to our strong outlook for the first quarter. I'd like to give you some context on how we're looking into 2020. First, we expect our smartphone test demand to be strong and back to levels similar to what we saw in 2016 and 2017. As then we expect our 2020 revenue will be first half weighted in the year.  Second, we expect storage test to be especially strong in the first half for both HDD and system level test applications. For the year it's expected to grow about 40% from 2019. Third, the design wins for the Magnum Epic and the UltraFLEXplus will begin to ramp in Q1 and this represents new customers and new segments that we expect to contribute revenue growth over the mid-term. Balancing this strength, we are seeing the expected pause in the 5G infrastructure test find that power our 2019 sales. At a high level, we're seeing the 5G demand evolved from infrastructure to smartphones, as we outlined in past calls. The global 5G infrastructure build out is still in the early innings and we expect test demand will cycle at various geographies as various geographies build out their networks. 5G smartphone related test demand will begin in 2020, but it will be somewhat modest as it's mostly low band or sub-60 technology rolling out. Millimeter wave investments are still to come over the mid-term. Additionally, we do not expect to see any significant recovery in automotive or analog markets in 2020. As Sanjay will describe, we will be increasing our 2020 OpEx in test to expand these design wins, accelerate some new products and take advantage of what we now expect to be a faster growing test market over the midterm. Taken all together, our outlook for the 2020 SOC Test market is in the $3.1 billion to $3.4 billion range and memory test is in the $650 million to $750 million range. Of course, this assumes no change in the current global trade regulatory environment. We will update you on this outlook as we move through the year. For reference, this compares to about a $3.3 billion SOC and about $600 million memory test market in 2019.  Turning to industrial automation. We call our strategy is to use the power of advanced technology to democratize automation, and make industrial warehouse applications more productive and safer. We remain confident of the growth opportunity as we execute this strategy. And the addition of AutoGuide gives us access to an even broader set of opportunities.  While we expect the automotive and general manufacturing markets in the Europe and the U.S. have remained weak, we do think this headwind has dissipated. This combined with our expansion into the electronics manufacturing sector other consumer goods manufacturing in picking and the industrial forklift automation market gives us confidence that a higher IA growth profile in 2020 is likely.  Additionally, UR Plus ecosystem continues to grow and we ended the year with 206 certified plug and play solutions available, up from about 130 at the start of 2019. A similar program for our mobile autonomous robots MiRGo launched in 2019 and will expand in 2020. Overall, we expect our 14% IA growth in 2019 to increase to above 20% in 2020.  In summary, we enter 2020 very optimistic. While uncertainties remain in trade policies and global economies, the overall technological and economic trends that fuel our business are strong. Our new products are opening new markets and gaining new customers Test market growth is strong and we are still in the early innings of 5G. IA growth is solid in the environment of a U.S. and European manufacturing slowdown. And we expect that this headwind is dissipating. This plus a strong M&A pipeline and a commitment to capital returns remained our strategy.  Sanjay will now take you through the financial and modeling details. Sanjay?
Sanjay Mehta: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Today I will cover the financial highlights of Q4 and review the financial details for 2019. Looking forward, I'll provide an update for midterm model, Q1 outlook and color around 2020 which will include our capital allocation plans.  Now to Q4, revenues were $655 million, which were $25 million above the high end of our guidance range. Semi Test revenue of $439 million led the quarter over quarter growth driven by memory and SOC test demand enabling 5G infrastructure and higher speed flash and DRAM devices. System test group had revenue of $83 million, which grew quarter over quarter driven by our storage test solutions enabling system level test for SOCs. Industrial automation or IA revenue of $88 million had a seasonal increase in revenue over Q3 and grew year-over-year in an environment where significant auto industry headwinds exist.  LitePoint revenue of $45 million grew quarter over quarter and year-over-year with new connectivity standard WiFi 6 and cellular 5G driving revenue. Non-GAAP gross margins were 58.5% a bit above our plan and slightly down quarter over quarter due to product mix. You'll see our non-GAAP operating expenses were up $19 million to $204 million from the third quarter due to a higher variable compensation, on higher profit, increased test spending to support design wins and an ongoing IA investment. Non-GAAP operating profit was 27% and non-GAAP EPS was $0.88. The tax rate, excluding discrete items for the quarter and the year was 15.5% on a GAAP basis, and 16.5% on a non-GAAP basis. We bought back 2.1 million shares for $131 million at an average price of $62.44 in the quarter. For the full year, we bought that 10.9 million shares at an average price of $45.89. Since the start of 2015, we have spent $1.97 billion to repurchase 60.8 million shares with an average price of $42.38, which delivered significant shareholder returns over the five year period. We ended the year with cash and marketable security balances of approximately $1 billion. Turning to the full year results of 2019. Teradyne revenues of $2.295 billion grew $194 million or 9%. $157 million of the growth is from our test portfolio and $37 million from IA. We had two customers with 10% or greater revenues in 2019 who will be disclosed in our 10-K filing. Gross margins were 58% and operating profit was 25%, which is consistent with 2018. EPS was $2.86, or 21% growth year-over-year. Breaking down the components of 2019 revenues. As Mark outlined, the SOC test revenues grew $67 million or 6% on strength in 5G sub-6 infrastructure, increased complexity in mobile devices, and millimeter wave development demand. In memory revenues were $266 million down 3% in the down market. Demand for higher speed NAND testers from existing customers and new entrants combined with DRAM wafer test demand highlighted the year. Late in the year we also received initial revenue for our Magnum Epic LPDDR5 DRAM package test system. In system test sales grew for third year in a row. Revenue of $287 million grew $71 million or 33% year-over-year, primarily on growth and storage test for both system level test and HDD test, which had sales of $115 million up from $67 million in 2018.  We also saw annual growth in our defense and aerospace and production board test components of that STG. At LitePoint sales grew for a third year in a row as well. Revenue was $157 million, 19% above 2018 level. New connectivity standards were the biggest driver of demand. But we also saw surge in 5G cellular demand in Q4.  IA revenue of $298 million grew 14% from 2018 on an as reported basis or 12% on a pro forma basis. Universal Robots revenue of $248 million or 6% year-over-year growth was below our original plan. As discussed by Mark, UR demand has 40% plus exposure to manufacturing in Europe and the automotive industry. Both of which face significant market headwinds in 2019.  Recent Eurozone PMI data suggests a moderating trend, but no indication of improvement in the near-term. The auto outlook is similar. MiR revenues of $44 million grew 43% on a pro forma basis, or 84% on an as reported basis. Recall we acquired MiR in April of 2018. IA in total had a non-GAAP operating profit of 10% for the full year rate that we're modeling for 2020 as well. Shifting to our mid-term earnings model. Factoring in both recent history and our latest outlook, we've updated the high end of our $3.50 to $4 earnings target to $4.25 of non-GAAP EPS in 2022. We have growing confidence in the Semi Test end market drivers such as broader complexity for performance 5G subsets and millimeter wave driving capacity needs and infrastructure, phones and IoT devices.  We also expect a continuation of the growing performance trends and memory devices. This along with some specific mobility and memory share gains and device unit growth, give us confidence to raise the Semi Test revenue growth rates from 3% to 5%; to 4% to 8% from our baseline 2019 revenue. At the same time to reflect near-term industry conditions IA's model growth rate has been reduced to a range of 20% to 35% off of our 2019 baseline revenue as Mark noted. We expect above 20% growth in 2020. In 2019, we experienced a significant slowdown in sales growth tied to macro conditions noted earlier.  However, our long-term outlook remains positive. And we'll continue to invest in scaling the business. Specifically increasing our distributor capacity, sharpening our focus on marketing efforts for lead generation and closure, investing to expand our reach to major accounts, and continuing to invest in software solutions needed to scale our portfolio. The net result of these updated growth assumptions as a greater revenue contribution in 2022 from our test portfolio versus the prior model. Our gross margin target has increased roughly 1%, which drops down to operating profit, increasing that to 26% to 28% at the top end of our EPS rate, and increasing the top end of our EPS range to $4.25. Now to our outlook for Q1. Sales were expected to be between $670 million and $710 million. Non-GAAP EPS range of $0.86 to $0.96 on 174 million diluted shares. The first quarter guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles, and non-cash imputed interest on the convertible debt. First quarter gross margins are estimated to be between 57% and 58%, down slightly from the fourth quarter due to mix. The first quarter OpEx running at 30% and 31% of first quarter sales is up about $6 million from the fourth quarter due to further IA distribution, and product development investments, including the addition of AutoGuide, along with incremental test investments I'll discuss shortly. The non-GAAP operating profit at the midpoint of the first quarter guidance is 27%. Now turning to some color around the full year outlook to help your model. As Mark noted, we expect strong first half similar to 2016 and 2017, when the first half revenues were 55% and 54% of the full year sales respectively. Key drivers of the first half revenue include handset test demand, system level testers being sold to enable key product ramp and our storage test second, and early ramping of LPDDR5 DRAM memory test capacity. Unlike 2016 and '17, based on our very early estimates, we expect roughly similar sales levels in Q2 as in Q1. Regarding our OpEx plans for 2020. We expect our OpEx to grow 10% to 12% from 2019 to $758 million. This is driven by investments across the business. In IA we will continue to invest to reinforce a competitive position across the sector as noted earlier. At our test portfolio we plan to increase our spending in engineering, sales and marketing primarily in Semi Test. The engineering efforts will include memory and SOC investments to maintain our leadership position, as well as invest in areas of the market that we believe there's opportunity for us to grow. Increased sales and marketing investments are driven by share gains, which require effort to convert and ramp customers on Teradyne's products and then provide ongoing support. Beyond 2020, we model test OpEx to have flat to GDP growth. Capital expenditures in 2012. We will increase above our normal run rate. In 2019, our CapEx was $145 million used primarily for customer demonstration equipment, operations and engineering. In 2020, we've earmarked an incremental $40 million or so for real estate investments in locations where we plan to grow significantly over the next several years. We are buying land and developing it to eliminate lease costs and enable more cost efficient spend profile over the long term. The projects will take two years to complete with the majority of the spending this year. Our GAAP and non-GAAP tax rate for 2020 is estimated at 16%. Shifting to capital allocation. We will continue to balance strong cash position to support our operating investments and potential M&A with direct shareholder returns through dividends and share repurchases. Recall we have a $460 million base value convertible bond that matures in 2023. Regarding direct returns, we will be increasing our dividend by 11% to $0.10 per quarter, which reflects our confidence in our operating level and growing markets we serve.  With regards to share repurchases, we cancel the unused portion of the prior program and replace it with a $1 billion share repurchase program. We plan a minimum of $250 million of share repurchase in 2020. The program does not have a fixed end date and as in the past, there's a program programmatic and opportunistic component. Recall in 2018 and 2019, we spent approximately $1.3 billion in share buybacks, driven by 2017 tax reform, which enabled offshore cash to be repatriated efficiently. Our 2020 target represents our getting back to a more normal level on share repurchases. In summary, we closed out 2019 very strong and enter 2020 with good momentum powered by our strong test portfolio. Our updated capital allocation plan and earnings model reflects our confidence in test and industrial automation, while acknowledging the short term impacts of the global slowdown in industrial spending. We will continue to invest in R&D distribution and internal capabilities to improve our competitive position and drive profitable growth across the business. While we can't predict what lies ahead, for the full year, we have the products, the team, and a proven flexible business model that can efficiently scale demand during a fluctuating time period, and the strategy to thrive in the New Year.  With that, I'll turn things back to Andy.
Andrew Blanchard: Thanks, Sanjay. And Sherry we’d now like to take some questions and as a reminder, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question. So the first one, in the press release you called out Huawei and HiSilicon as significant customers. I'm wondering how big were they directly or indirectly in 2019 and if you have a number for 2018 as well, and do you have a sense of how much of that related capacity is being utilized versus any extraneous effects due to tariff for trade or other issues?
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, we're not going to get specific numbers for any specific customer. But what I will say is that certainly they are a significant customer paradigms and utilization is 100% plus. There's strong demand, there was demand all through the year. Utilization high. At this point that situation continues with the exception of 5G infrastructure, which represents a subset of the demand being weaker now than it was running in the second half of last year.
Vivek Arya: All right. And so my follow-up on the 5G side, you maintain the $200 million or so contribution or the market size for last year, and I think in the past you had mentioned that $300 million to $400 million opportunity. How do you see your share playing out which areas you think you are stronger versus your competitor? Thank you. 
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, good question. So that $200 million number for 2019 was predominantly infrastructure related. And I think our share there was probably 70% plus. As we entered 2020, there'll be a shift toward handsets and infrastructure will come down a bit. And I'd say, our share as a consequence of that will probably be somewhere between that 50% to 75% -- 50% to 70% range, in that kind of a mix.  But longer term as more millimeter wave comes online. Again, we're talking probably post 2020, that's when the total market should grow with that $400ish million range for Semi Test. And then on top of that in LitePoint, there's probably we've been talking about $100ish million adder for 5G handset test. But the way we see it now it's likely that could be a bit higher. Now that may peak at around $150 million or so. So that's how it progresses out through the next few years.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Yeah. Good morning, guys. Congratulations on the solid results. Mark. I'm just kind of curious, your view of calendar year 2020, half on half being 55-45. To what extent is that just lack of visibility into the second half and conservatism versus actually having visibility that the second half is going to be down? And I guess, help me understand why 16-17 is the right analogy year to compare calendar year '20. And as you answer the question, if we're going through a pause in 5G infrastructure, currently, what's your expectation for that to come back?
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, that's a good question. So I just like to point out that we have very little visibility into the second half. So the 55-45 split is purely based on a historical model or precedent where in 2016 and 2017, we add significant mobility handset test during in the first half. And we simply looked at that and said, everything else being equal, let's assume the year follows that pattern. But we don't have any data points that I would say are strong on that. And then with no infrastructure, we expect because most of the build out in infrastructure was concentrated in China last year. It ran very hot, it's in a pause right now. But there's plenty of geographies that still need to build out. So, that has to come back at some point. If you don't think it's in the first half of the year where we do have visibility, but it could be in the second half of the year or early next year. 
John Pitzer: That’s helpful. Then maybe for my follow on to kind of add on to the Vivek's first question. I understand the desire not talk about absolute levels for a specific customer. But I'm kind of curious, just relative to some of the concerns investors have that might be a change in the de minimis role from 25 to 10. Would that change as you understand it, impact your business to Huawei? Or how should we think about that in the investment community? 
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, hi. It is Sanjay. So the first thing is that -- I'll just say that Teradyne is going to be compliant with whatever the regulations are. And then the revenue impact I'd say is a little bit hard to call. I'm going to give you some color around there. Depending on there could be a lot of conjecture about what the rules could be. And whatever they are, I think that if there's that our inability to ship to Huawei for whatever reason, you have to consider -- if you consider the end market to be the end market, we believe that there would be a shift in to other providers. Now that would have a time gap as that process takes place. But I think it's very hard. A, we don't actually understand, what the regulations are going to be. And then b, the end market impact I think over the midterm we kind of work itself out, but there would be this fluctuation in the short term.
John Pitzer: Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Timothy Arcuri with UBS. 
Timothy Arcuri: Hi, guys. Thanks. The first question, Mark, I just am going back to your comment that the $200 million extra SOC TAM that came from 5G this year your share was about 70%. But total SOC share, if I take a $3.3 billion market this year, you actually lost like 300 basis points worth of share for the year. So why would that be if you captured sort of an abnormally high portion of that incremental 5G? Thanks.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, so there's lots going on under the covers in SOC tests. So the 5G bump was one component of it. But analog, and automotive were at a very low level which is another place where we have very high share. So low to you might say, sort of almost negated each other in terms of share -- net share gain.  Then the other effect going on is the -- there's a segment of the SOC test market. It is probably the only segment we don't serve which is LCD driver -- display driver. That market has grown quite dramatically [indiscernible]. It added I think about $100 million $150 million of market. It's pretty much all advanced test. And that kind of makes a difference in the calculations. 
Timothy Arcuri: Okay, got it. And then I guess just a follow up question on the topic around export control. So if I take flat a June, which you're sort of implying is going to be flat. And then if I assume that the year sort of plays out that the first half is 55, and the back half is 45. That sort of says that you're going to be at around 2.5 for the year. Does that guidance -- what does that assume in terms of export control rule changes? Because if the threshold goes to 10%, and they remove that sensitive content requirement. Does that assume that you'll still be able to ship to Huawei or does that assume that there will be some impact? Thank you. 
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, I think with what we believe is being contemplated at the moment. And again, this is still in daily discussions obviously, in the Commerce Department and the Department of Defense and everything else that it would not have a significant impact to our plans for 2020. But what [indiscernible] said is true is that let's assume for a minute that something more draconian that we expect happens with restrictions. The demand in the market won't change so the supply will shift to other suppliers. We're well positioned that the likely other suppliers that will shift to. So it's simply a movement of one place to another.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay, awesome. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. 
Toshiya Hari: Hi, guys, congrats on the strong results. Mark, you guys lowered your long term growth assumptions around the IA business from 30% to 40% to 20% to 35%. I appreciate the near term environment in Europe and automotive from an end demand standpoint remains pretty weak. But why the change? Have you sensed any change of the competitive landscape or how you think about the economics around the adoption of cobots or what's changed there? Thank you. 
Mark Jagiela: Yes, it's no competitive and no long term change. It's simply math, meaning we've got another ticket to that 2022 year. We've got three years to get there. We think 2020 is going to be better than '19 in terms of growth, but not in that 30% to 40% range that would make that viable. So we think we're going to again, move back north on growth rates this year, will be north of 20 for the group. And we would expect subsequent years to improve beyond that. But with the average it out over three years, that's kind of the range we think will be it. Longer term, nothing's changed. 
Toshiya Hari: Got it. And then as a follow up, I had a question on memory test. Can you confirm what your market share was in 2019 in NAND and DRAM relative to 2018? And then for the TAM for 2020, I think you guys are thinking, 15ish% growth on year-over-year basis. That seems a little conservative or seeing in terms of the memory market. What's kind of pulling that down, if you will? Thank you. 
Mark Jagiela: Well, let's see. So first of all, share in 2018, we're roughly 30% share and last year we think will be around 43ish% share 43%. Looking to 2020 market, we're thinking $700 million, roughly would be the market. We've said the long term average should be about $750 million. I wouldn't be surprised if it was a bit higher. But again at this point it's hard to forecast. Now in terms of our share in 2020. The success we had all last year, we talked about this target of cracking in the final wedge of the memory test market, DRAM final test that we didn't participate in. And that was a yearlong project that finally came to fruition in December. So that sets us up going into 2020 to serve all four segments of the market.  China will continue to be pretty aggressive. So that's a balloon and I think our share, what I think in the last call, I said, expect our share to fall back into the high 30s, 35% to 40% range as DRAM snaps back in 2020. But now that we're playing in that market, we think shares going to stay up the net 40% range in 2020. 
Toshiya Hari: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Atif Malik with Citi. 
Atif Malik: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions and congratulations on strong results and guide and also good job in winning the LPDDR5 design win at the Korean memory makers. Mark my first question is respect to your expectations on the industrial auto demand not recovering this year. Can you remind us how much is that to make as a test demand down from the prior peak? Then as my follow up, Sanjay, can you comment on the profitability of your memory test business relative to your overall Semiconductor Test business? 
Mark Jagiela: I'm sorry, Atif. I didn't get your first question. Can you just ask it again, please?
Atif Malik: Yes, Mark, what I'm asking is, how far is your industrial and auto tech business down from the prior peak? And then.. 
Mark Jagiela: Got it. Thank you. Yes. So automotive and analog, tends to peak at around $500 million or so of the market, $500 million to $550 million. Last year, we expect that it was somewhere in the $300 million to $325 million range, so it's down by about $200 million.
Sanjay Mehta: And from the memory profitability standpoint we see the margins in the profitability similar to the SOC market. 
Atif Malik: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from CJ Muse with Evercore. 
CJ Muse: Yes, good morning, thanks for taking the question. Curious on your new test outlook of 6% growth at the midpoint versus your prior view of 4%. And that's off of a higher base in '19. How much of that outlook is based on just what you're seeing overall test and in complexity, versus some of the share games on the gaming console DDR5 etcetera?
Sanjay Mehta: Yes, I think that's -- CJ, Sanjay here. I think that you can view that as we see over the midterm growth really driven by as you said complexity in end devices, 5G both sub 6 and millimeter wave as well as share gains. So, I'd say it's more like 30% tied to market 70% tied to [indiscernible] roughly over the mid-term.
CJ Muse: Very helpful. And then on the IAA side, clearly help but you are grew 23% sequentially on its own. Curious, what signal that sends to you, I mean, how much of that was programmatic as opposed to perhaps an early indication of cyclical recovery on the manufacturing side?
Sanjay Mehta: Well, I think on the UR front, as well as MiR seasonally Q4 is a generally high quarter if you look back over time. So that's encouraging. And it was actually one of the drivers of us being higher than our guidance range.  However, as we look into the first half, we are seeing that seasonal pattern come down from an IA perspective. And I think it's really early innings to call a recovery in those in industrials and automotive at this point from our standpoint.
CJ Muse: So, when you're thinking about growing that business 20% plus in 2020 is that really an indication of kind of the programs that you see for MiR or what's the underlying assumption for UR?
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah. So we see MiR and UR both contributing obviously to the 20% plus growth that Mark articulated. And we are investing and as I said, growing in distribution. As you know, MiR is coming from -- is a little bit later in years as coming from a smaller base. But we see both contributing quite significantly to that 20% plus growth. 
Mark Jagiela: And CJ, I just, I would just add on that bit. The UR has higher exposure to automotive and sort of the general manufacturing issues that we're seeing in the market. But the fact that we did see the strong sequential performance that you alluded to, we did see a little bit of year-over-year gain. We introduced a new product last year with the 16 kilogram payload version that's just starting to ramp. And we're just now actually in April going to be rolling out the bin picking solution in North America. So new products, bottoming the headwinds in the manufacturing sector in Europe and North America are strong, strong indicators for us. And the other thing is that last year, we saw really good performance in China, in terms of growth. We grew -- I think it was 40% or so in China last year where those headwinds were absent. So UR in a very competitive region it's still showing that kind of lens. So we're really confident with the new products in this sort of diminishing headwinds. 
CJ Muse: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mehdi Hosseini with SIG. 
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. I want to take a more of a broader outlook. If I just look at your commentary for 2020, the 55-45 mix, it seems to me that on the earning side, you would come in at or slightly above the midpoint of your longer term target. And I also under impression that millimeter wave could be a big tam for SOC. But that's most likely a 2022 catalyst. So given this kind of a thought process, could we see some fluctuation in annualized earning, as you think about the longer term of maybe a best case 425? And I'm just trying to understand the dynamics of different parts of the company, especially with the change of outlook on IA and how SOC market is going to play out.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, we've been blessed with a pretty stable nonvolatile test market here for quite some number of years. And so it's certainly possible on our way to 425 and beyond, we could see a drop down. We haven't seen that. Our EPS has been monotonically growing here for quite some time. So there's still likely volatility, it doesn't seem eminent. So, the drivers here, especially around 5G are going to be pretty big balloons. But, at the same time, you and I both know being around for as long as we've been in this industry, something like a 20% correction can occur. That in no way changes the fundamentals of where 5 nanometer, 3 nanometers are going to take us with complexity and what these device the 5G transceivers and antennas and such they're going into their phones over the next few years are going to bring to the test world. So, we don't plan or try to -- we're on a trend line projection, as you know and that's what we believe. 
Mehdi Hosseini: Thank you. And thanks for being sincere. Just as a follow-up, I'm just thinking that for millimeter wave, there will be some changes to the basis station to the networking. And that would have to happen before there will be an SOC upgrade cycle. And the base station cam is like 200 for test and AP is 400. How do you see the impact of millimeter wave on a networking versus the phone itself given the kind of picture that I just laid out?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So I think that from a test intensity point of view, handsets will matter more. So the thing that made last year incredible in terms of infrastructure was the concentration in a very short period of time. So, to roll out China sub-6G or low band to put in the infrastructure to do that, a tremendous amount of capacity was built out in one year to make that happen. Millimeter wave's going to be spread over many years. I don't think that it's going -- it'll be marginally more test intensive than at the base station level than sub-6G. But it's not going to have the same sort of $150 million, $200 million pumped into TAM that we saw last year.  On the other hand, the handset side of this is where the real money will be for both LitePoint and Semi Test. And those going to be a tipping point that we need to reach specifically in the U.S. on deployment of millimeter wave base stations to shift, let's say, half the domestic supply of handsets to millimeter wave capable. And we still think that's probably 2021 or 2022. It may -- we're a little more optimistic that it's coming sooner on millimeter wave.  But if we go back to that $400 million bump to the SOC market. If you're thinking about 2022, it's probably $300 million plus of that is going to be handset related.
Mehdi Hosseini: Got it. Thank you so much and thanks for all the details.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Krish Sankar with Cowen and Co.
Krish Sankar: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I have 2 of them. First and Mark thanks for the color on millimeter wave. Do you think that when you look at millimeter wave now that you have dual opportunity both on the SOC test side, as well as LitePoint side. Do you think they happen in tandem or does LitePoint lead or lag the AT [ph] business? And then I had a follow up on cobots.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. It is Sanjay. I think they come out in similar opportunities. I think what you're seeing right now in millimeter wave on the SOC test perspective, is a lot of engineering work and testers associated with that. And then you do have the LitePoint and device tester in parallel for what millimeter wave devices that are out there. And then when, as we say, it comes as we've said before, we believe it comes in waves and arguably 2021 and 2022. I think you'll see both of them come up. Obviously, the chip guys on the SOC test will be slightly ahead, but I think they'll mainly come similarly.
Mark Jagiela: And I've one more thing about LitePoint that we haven't mentioned that LitePoint's traditional strength has been WiFi connectivity test. And there's a lot going on in the next few years in the WiFi that's really encouraging to us. So finally 802.11ax or what's now been rebranded WiFi 6 as well on phones. That's going to propel our connectivity business. Then we're going to open up the 7 gigahertz, 6 to 7 gigahertz band for WiFi. That's another new need to retool the tester install base for that frequency band. And then we're -- and the industry is working on this new 802.11be standard that is 16x16 MIMO, 360 megahertz a channel bandwidth. Once again, requiring new test capacity. So unlike the past 4 years where connectivity's been kind of dormant when we look over the next 4 years connectivity is also going to see significant retooling shift.
Krish Sankar: Got it. That's very helpful. And I just had a follow up on the cobot side. Two part question. Where are we on the installation time reduction for cobots? And I think these three, four to six weeks, but you guys are trying to reduce it. And also do you have any update on the partnership redeem on the vision side for cobots? Thank you. 
Sanjay Mehta: I think on the deployment time. Yeah, as I alluded earlier to where we're investing. And we continue to invest. I don't have specific metrics around that, but we continue to see improvement and improvement in the initial deployment, as well as the follow on deployments at an existing customer.
Mark Jagiela: And vision.
Sanjay Mehta: And the second question was tied to --
Krish Sankar: Vision partnership. 
Mark Jagiela: Vision partnerships.
Sanjay Mehta: We think yes, we have a UR plus partners that are suppliers.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, I think, we're fielding a bin picking solution that has a vision system embedded in it that we will kind of be a reseller for. But there's a wide variety of partners already in our UR plus echo system that are immediately embedded in our operating system. So all of that is sort of business as usual. No real new trends there.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Thank you, guys. Thank you very much appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Richard Eastman with Baird.
Richard Eastman: Yes. Good morning. Just a quick question around the industrial automation business in general. And how does that -- how does their P&L or gross margin and I think, finished the year? And then also, I think you referenced a nonprofit contribution, contribution margin there of 10%. And that was the expectation going forward into '20 as well. So I'm curious is there a kicked up investment there below the gross margin line as a gross margin line kind of held around 60% there. 
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah. It's Sanjay. So I think the gross margin is roughly as you'd expect it to be. There's been no degradation at all. And I did comment that our operating profit in IA in general is 10%. We should expect that next year. I think -- when I think about the industrial automation business and our strategy towards it, fundamentally as we have significant growth. We plan on investing to improve our competitive position. We believe in this nascent market and our outlook in the long term, as Mark said earlier is unchanged. I think when you -- you should start thinking about it when you expect or when we expect growth in single digits. That's when you'd expect us to be at or above kind of our model profit or let's say 20% operating profit plus, as growth tends to slow. But as we see the market and as we believe that we're going to grow significant double digits. And into the future, we're going to continue to invest to drive the top line. And then when we see the growth table off, you'd expect our operating profit to improve. 
Richard Eastman: So when the 50%, that's OpEx there. Is that kicked up on the R&D side or is this still kind of go to market support costs and expansion of the distribution base? Or where do you -- where do you pull that 50% out to drop the contribution margin 10%? Because I have been writing 15 to 20? 
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, it's a combination of both I'd say. The other point I put that -- I'd add in there is that our 2020 forecast includes auto guidance. But it's both. Really, investments and in lead generation and closure distribution our partners, where we're really putting forward the go to market. But then also things like fleet management, system software and different software capability to help drive the scalability of our solutions to customers.
Richard Eastman: Okay. And then just as my second question. Just Mark, I want to return to something we talked about the 5G infrastructure business in the Semi Test. You referenced there that the market there and the demand there is pausing in the China market. I'm trying to get my arms a little bit around the timetable here. Just from the standpoint of you continue to see some fairly aggressive production and deployment numbers around base station in China in the Asian market in general. And so is your reference to the test demand that that is in place ahead of the production some of them were just some inventory of the chip content into the base stations? Or how do we reconcile the aggressive forecasts around production and deployment of base stations with your commentary about the market pausing now? 
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, that's exactly what you said. So, in advance of deployments of the actual base stations, a lot of silicon test capacity goes in place. So now those base stations are churning out like mad out of the factories, which is why utilization of test equipment is very high. So it will require an additional bump in deployment rate of base stations to drive the next round of test equipment. So U.S., Europe, the rest of the world. And, China as well, there's not enough really capacity in China to totally facilitate China where it has to get to, but what they need to do for 2020 is probably sufficient.
Richard Eastman: I understand. Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank.
Sidney Ho: Great. Thanks. You talk about second quarter revenue to be flat quarter-over-quarter in Q2. And that’s different from how it was a few years ago 2016 and 2017. Can you add a little more color, what are some of the factors that make it different than those two years?
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah. Hi, it's Sanjay. So I think, in Q1 we've had, we'll have some significant drivers outside of SOC test and then inside. The first one is storage test, for system level test in HDD, where we'll have a significant revenue in Q1, which will decline in Q2.  The second comment I'd make is that within Semi Test, we've got some share gains that require some initial tooling in Q1 that we will be moderating in Q2. The last point I'd leave you with is that it's still early stages of Q2. So it's roughly where we think we're going to end up.
Sidney Ho: Okay, that’s helpful. My follow-up is that you guided the SOC tend to be called the roughly flat in 2020. How do you think about the different moving parts in terms of end market? And related that how do you expect your share in SOC test to do this year? I think last year it was around 40%. Any color end market customer mix, product mix that's driving these shares will be helpful? Thanks.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah. So our expectation this year is that the mix the combination of some of the design wins, I alluded to in my remarks around the UltraFLEXplus platform, plus a little bit I would say of a shift toward our customers in this year will bring our share likely up into the mid four year is what we expect.
Sidney Ho: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you.
Mark Jagiela: Sherry, we have time for just one more question. 
Operator: Okay, sounds great. Our final question will come from Tom Diffely with D. A. Davidson.
Tom Diffely: Yes, hi. I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about the service components in semi, in particular going forward and how you see that playing out?
Mark Jagiela: So the semi service for us for years has been a very strong part of the portfolio, its roughly runs around 20% of semi revenue. And, it's up into the $300 million range, we don't expect as a percentage of revenue it will vary that much. But that's roughly where it is.
Tom Diffely: Okay, so this is not a view into that increasing market over the next few years as you get to your target model. 
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, I think it'll scale with system revenue. I think on the industrial automation side, that's an area where service will go from when we acquire these companies having essentially no service business. We're now growing service in those businesses at a faster rate than the top line. So that will be a story that evolves here over the next few years, but in semi it should stay consistent.
Tom Diffely: Okay, that's it. Thank you. 
Mark Jagiela: Thank you. Alright, everybody, thank you so much for joining us today. I apologize for the static at the front end of the call. And we look forward to talking to you in the days and weeks ahead. Bye-bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-23 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, my name is Simon, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Teradyne Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Andy Blanchard, you may begin your conference.
Andy Blanchard: Thank you, Simon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne’s most recent financial results. I’m joined this morning by our CEO, Mark Jagiela; and our CFO, Sanjay Mehta. Following our opening remarks, we’ll provide details of our performance for 2019 third quarter along with our outlook for the fourth quarter of 2019. The press release containing our third quarter results was issued last evening. We’re providing slides on the Investor page of the website that may be helpful to you when following the discussion. Replays of this call will be available via the same page after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne’s results to differ materially from management’s current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release as well as our most recent SEC filings. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today’s call, we’ll make reference to the non-GAAP financial measures. We posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure were available on the Investor page of our website. Also, between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne, will be participating in investor conferences hosted by Baird, Cowen, Credit Suisse and UBS. Now, let’s get on with the rest of the agenda. First, Mark will comment on our recent results and the market conditions as we enter the fourth quarter. Sanjay will then offer more details on our quarterly results, along with our guidance for the fourth quarter. We’ll then answer your questions. And this call is scheduled for one hour. Mark?
Mark Jagiela: Thanks, Andy. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. In my prepared remarks, I’ll cover three topics, highlights from the third quarter at the Company and business unit level; how our recent agreement to purchase autonomous mobile robot maker, AutoGuide, fits into our Industrial Automation strategy; and how we’re looking at next year and beyond. Sanjay will then provide the financial details of the quarter; our view of the 5G test opportunity; and our guidance for the fourth quarter. We delivered results above our third quarter guidance on continued strength across all of our test businesses. Our MiR mobile robot business also performed well in the quarter. However, sales at Universal Robots were roughly flat year-on-year, as the impact of softening manufacturing activity in Europe and U.S. were a strong headwind. Overall, our year-to-date revenue is up 4% from 2018 and non-GAAP EPS is up 13%. For the fourth quarter, we expect strong test demand to continue, combined with single-digit growth in IA on a year-over-year basis. At the business unit level, Semi Test SOC Test demand for digital, broadband and RF devices related to 5G infrastructure remained very strong. That infrastructure demand combined with strength in handset-related test is driving our estimate of the SOC market size for 2019 up to a $3 billion to $3.2 billion range, compared to last year’s $3 billion level and above our earlier estimate of $2.6 billion to $3 billion. Geographically, China’s SOC Test market will be up $300 million year-on-year, while the rest of the world’s market will likely be down. This reflects strong tooling for 5G infrastructure and handsets as the combination of device complexity and base station unit growth are fueling demand. On the product front, in early September, we introduced an extension of our flagship UltraFLEX product, the UltraFLEXplus. The plus extends our performance for an emerging class of AI and big data devices that require a new test architecture to efficiently and comprehensively test the rapidly growing complexity of these devices. Multi-core chip architectures are driving billions of transistors per die, which operate in parallel to process the vast data streams associated with machine learning and 5G networks. This is yet another example of the complexity growth we have been describing that drives up test seconds and drives our markets. The UltraFLEXplus puts in play an architecture with the headroom to test this complexity growth for the next decade. At the same time, it maintains software compatibility to leverage the accumulated flex family software experience of over 10,000 trained customer test engineers. Systems are now in use at multiple customers and we recognized our first revenue from product in Q3. In Memory Test, demand remained strong in Q3, driven by both flash package and DRAM wafer test. Although the Memory Test market will likely be down about 40% this year to around $600 million, our market share will be up from about 29% last year to the low 40% level this year. Building on our strong foundation in flash package test, our Magnum product family now covers the entire Memory Test market, wafer and package test for both flash and DRAM. LitePoint and the System Test group sales were about flat with the second quarter and up 23% and 48% respectively from the third quarter of 2018. Advanced connectivity standards and early 5G-related buying powered LitePoint’s results, while in System Test, our storage test products were the standout, as revenues more than doubled compared to a year ago quarter on terabyte class HDD demand and system level test shipments. Shifting to our Industrial Automation segment. Universal Robots sales were flat with the third quarter of 2018 as demand in our largest geographic markets, Europe and North America and our largest end-market, automotive supply chain, remained weak. Conversely, this was balanced by strong demand in China and Japan with year-over-year growth in the quarter running 30% and 44%, respectively. MiR on the other hand continued to grow at a healthy clip, posting year-over-year sales gains of 47% in the quarter. We believe the lower year-to-date growth at UR is a short-term phenomenon, consistent with the slowing of industrial activity in Europe and North America. While our automation solutions are not immune to the decline in industrial output, we are faring better than the market in general. We also see opportunity to expand our market coverage in the U.S. and Europe to offset these headwinds and we’ll be investing to support underserved verticals and geographies in these regions. In addition, we continue to expand our product offerings. In September, we introduced the UR16e, which opens up new applications by extending the payload capacity of the product line. We also shipped our first industrial bin picking application in the quarter, utilizing a UR robot, 3D vision and Energid’s unique path planning software to ease deployment and open new applications at new customers. UR also passed the 200-product threshold of UR+ certified plug and play peripherals, expanding the range of applications and reducing deployment time for our cobot customers. MiR has also introduced a similar plug and play strategy for peripherals called MirGo. Both programs are consistent with our strategy of making automation safe, low-risk and easy to deploy by shop level technicians with short ROI. With the announcement earlier this week of our plan to acquire AutoGuide, a maker of autonomous mobile robots for industrial and warehouse material handling, we are expanding our capabilities to include high payload pallet and material moving. The global market for manually driven forklifts is prime for automation, as technological advancements have enabled cost effective autonomous solutions. AutoGuide’s products use many of the same sensing, guidance, software and drive technologies as MiR to provide autonomous operation to higher payload tugging and pallet moving applications. Additionally AG’s unique modular architecture offers customers greater flexibilities in either a dedicated forklift or tugger with reduced costs and safer operation. Like our other IA investments, AutoGuide is a small but differentiated and fast-growing player in a nascent market. We expect full-year sales to more than double to over $10 million this year. Furthermore, there are natural synergies and engineering, marketing and distribution with MiR, and we expect our broad lineup of low and now high-payload autonomous material handling robots to be attractive to global customers. Finally, as you can see from our guidance, we expect to finish 2019 on a very strong note. As we’ve described in the past, our visibility in the test business is a quarter or so; and in Industrial Automation, less than a quarter. While we expect volatility in our markets, we also expect overall trend line growth consistent with our mid-term growth planned in earnings model. Teradyne’s cost structure and business plans are architected with this volatility and growth in mind. In Semi Test, SOC Test has seen another strong year, despite an overall soft semiconductor device market. As I noted at the outset, this year’s strength in China for testing smartphone handset and base station devices has more than offset the decline elsewhere in the world in automotive, linear and MCU test. As we look to 2020, with the aggressive 5G base station ramp, will the aggressive 5G base station continue or will there be a pause for digesting, will 2020 phones adopt 5G millimeter wave in meaningful volumes, will the health of the memory business improve, will the automotive and industrial markets stabilize and recover or further contract? All of these questions have implications for our 2020 business levels and all are hard to predict. And frankly, we don’t spend too much energy on trying to predict this as it doesn’t really affect our plans. Our strategy and plans are based on the fundamental belief that the pervasiveness and complexity of semiconductors will continue to grow on a trend line and continue to drive growth in our test business. Similarly, we believe the inflection point, we’ve reached in Industrial Automation where new, powerful yet cost effective technologies like LiDAR, 3D vision, AI and others have opened new markets, will drive opportunity and growth for decades to come. We strengthened our competitive position in our test and IA businesses with a steady flow of new products through the year, and AutoGuide adds another exciting and technically differentiated building block to our stable of advanced automation tools. We don’t know what 2020 will bring in terms of test and IA demand, but we are confident that our product lineup, financial position, and growth strategy positions us well for the long-term success. With that, I’ll turn things over to Sanjay for financial details.
A - Sanjay Mehta: Thanks, Mark. And good morning, everyone. Today, I’ll review the third quarter results and performance of each business, comment on the full-year results at the midpoint of our Q4 guidance, provide some insight on how we’re looking at mobility as a long-term driver of the test business, and then provide additional detail on the AutoGuide acquisition. Lastly, I’ll offer some early financial information for modeling 2020. Now, to our results for the third quarter. Third quarter revenue of $582 million was above the high end of the guidance, due to strengthen our Semi Test business -- sorry, due to a strength in our test businesses, partially offset by lower Industrial Automation revenues. We had one customer greater than 10% of sales in the quarter. Gross margin of 59% was driven by favorable product mix in Semi Test. Non-GAAP operating margin of 28% and non-GAAP EPS of $0.77 were above the high end of the Q3 guidance, driven by slightly higher revenues with improved product mix and lower spending relative to the third quarter plan. You’ll see our non-GAAP operating expenses were $185 million, down $5 million from the second quarter due to seasonally lower spending in Industrial Automation and lower project spending in Semi Test, slightly offset by higher variable compensation accruals on higher profits. Turning to the individual businesses. Semi Test revenue of $398 million grew 6% over Q2. Notably, Memory Test revenue of $72 million grew 23% over the prior quarter, driven by flash final and DRAM wafer test demand. As I’ve met investors over the last several months, one of the common questions asked revolves around the surprising strength in the handset test demand in an environment where volumes are down year-over-year and the transition to 5G is in its infancy stage. I see two primary drivers of this trend. First, devices at each tier of the phone are getting more complex. Typically leading technology gets introduced at the premium tier or devices greater than $600. Innovations such as lower process nodes for power and performance increase compute capability, more camera sensors and increased memory requirements on the device are a few examples of higher complexity. This complexity enters at the premium tier and then in one to two years key technologies water fall down to high tier devices. This water fall down of technology continues from high to mid-tier devices and mid to low-tier devices. Hence, a continuous increase of device complexity drives the need for more test time per device. Second, in the smartphone market, historically people who purchase a low, mid or high-tier smartphone, typically upgrade at some point to the next tier up. These two drivers increase the test TAM. So, while the mobility market is not without volatility, we do expect it to be a multiyear positive driver of our Semi Test business. Moving on to System Test. The group continued to deliver strong results in Q3 with revenue of $73 million. Within the System Test group, defense and aerospace grew sequentially on increased defense-related buying. Production board test grew quarter-over-quarter and was slightly ahead of plan. As Mark noted, on a year-over-year basis, we delivered 48% growth in System Test in the third quarter, while storage test more than doubling, benefiting from growth in terabyte drives and cloud storage. Defense and aerospace grew 30% year-over-year, as we are seeing continued growth in long-term projects within many branches of the military. For the full-year, System Test is on track to grow over 25% from last year’s $216 million of revenue. At LitePoint, we saw continued momentum with sales of $42 million on the strength of new Wi-Fi standards and early buying the 5G development test. For the full-year LitePoint will grow about 10% from $132 million last year. In Industrial Automation, sales were $69 million, down 8% from Q2 and up 4% year-over-year. Within IA, UR was $58 million of revenue, a decline from Q2 and about flat year-over-year. MiR revenue of $10 million was slightly down quarter-over-quarter, and up 47% year-over-year. As Mark noted, we view the slower growth in IA so far this year primarily as a result of a slowdown in global industrial investments, especially in Europe and North America, and not a long-term market attractor. However, we also recognize we have to continue to improve our organizational capability in order to fully capture the opportunity ahead of us. We will continue to invest to strengthen those capabilities. Turning to the acquisition of AutoGuide. The upfront purchase price was $58 million with an earnout of up to an incremental $107 million if certain revenue and profit targets are achieved through 2022. We expect the transaction to close later this quarter, post regulatory approvals. AutoGuide is on track to achieve revenue of over $10 million on a standalone basis in 2019, up from $4 million in 2018. We expect AutoGuide to grow over 100% in 2020. Their sales today are primarily in North America with the plan to broaden their distribution to serve global customers. We expect them to incur a small loss this year and be slightly positive on an EBITDA basis in 2020. Relative to share buybacks, we forecast this acquisition will be about neutral in EPS in 2021 and will be accretive on an EPS basis in 2022. AutoGuide will operate as a standalone business within the Industrial Automation reporting segment. Partnership between UR, MiR, Energid and now AutoGuide, coupled with our central core competencies will enable them to efficiently and effectively scale their business taking advantage of technologies, processes, external relationships, and experts across all of Teradyne’s businesses. As stated in prior calls, our Industrial Automation acquisition strategy is to acquire growth companies, with leading technologies serving nascent markets that have short ROIs and make the workplace safer and more productive. AutoGuide is another example of Teradyne executing on this strategy. AutoGuide has a modular, purpose-built architecture for their autonomous mobile robots along with intuitive user and fleet management software. We believe this approach differentiates them from the competition enabling flexible, scalable solutions with compelling economics to be efficiently implemented at customer’s location. We’ve provided a slide in the earnings deck, which summarizes the transaction along with the schedule of the earnouts, so you have a sense of the revenue growth required to reach the performance targets. Additional AutoGuide details are included in the deck supplemental information. Back at the Company level, our operating model continues to deliver strong results. We generated $162 million in free cash flow in the third quarter, and we ended the quarter with $1,040 million in cash and marketable securities. We repurchased $122 million of shares in the third quarter. This brings the year-to-date share repurchase total to $369 million at an average purchase price of $41.93. We paid $15 million in dividends in the quarter. For the full-year, we expect to repurchase $500 million of our shares. As usual, we’ll update our capital allocation plan for next year in the January earnings call. Turning to our guidance for the fourth quarter. Revenue is expected to be $590 million to $630 million, and a non-GAAP EPS range of $0.73 to $0.84 on a 174 million diluted shares. Q4 growth will come from both, our test and Industrial Automation businesses. Historically, our Semi Test business has been seasonably lower in Q4, but this year, continued strength in 5G infrastructure and memory will drive growth. The guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles and non-cash convertible debt interest. Fourth quarter gross margin should run approximately 58% and OpEx should run from 31% to 33% of revenue. The operating profit of our fourth quarter guidance is forecasted to be 25% to 27% of revenue. A quick comment on diluted shares. There is a GAAP requirement to measure and disclose EPS with the most dilutive calculation. We have applied this concept to the non-GAAP EPS with respect to the treatment of our convertible debt. Diluted shares are higher in both Q4 guidance and Q3 results versus Q2 at current share price levels. It’s more dilutive from an EPS perspective to assume the convertible debt has converted and include the associated shares than to include the interest expense related to the debt and not include the shares. Shifting to taxes. Our non-GAAP full-year tax rate is expected to be 16.5%. We expect the tax rate to be 16% in 2020. Related to modeling 2020, as in past years, you should expect Q1 Industrial Automation sales to be seasonally down versus fourth quarter. From a full-year perspective, at the midpoint of our Q4 guidance, we expect sales to grow 7% and non-GAAP EPS 16% from last year. From a longer-term perspective, this is the sixth consecutive year of non-GAAP earnings per share growth with CAGR of 17%. Over this period, we averaged a non-GAAP operating profit of 23%. In summary, we are delivering very strong results across all of our test businesses. In particular, Semi Test over the past three quarters has enjoyed a wave of 5G infrastructure investments that will continue in Q4. However, we expect the global 5G rollout to drive lumpy test demand. As Mark described, we don’t have much visibility into 2020 test demand but our operating model has been tuned to handle any potential volatility. The Industrial Automation portfolio is well-positioned to get back to consistent levels of growth when global industrial spending recovers and will be further bolstered by AutoGuide’s rapid growth. We’re continuing to take actions necessary to drive incremental demand and investing to strengthen our position. With that, I’ll turn things back to Andy.
Andy Blanchard: Thanks, Sanjay. Simon, we’d now like to take some questions. And as a reminder, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thank you for taking my question, and congratulations on the strong results. Mark, I’m curious, number of semiconductor companies had suffered this year because of pull-ins from China last year. I’m curious how sensitive is your 2020 outlook if China demand normalizes versus what we are seeing, right now? I understand that the visibility at this time is low. But, do you have some sense of what the utilization is of the testers bought by your Chinese customers, so far this year?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So, a couple of comments. Utilization of the existing installed fleet of testers is very high. And as we described in Q4, we have still continued shipments and strength into China. So, the pull for demand through Q4 is strong and unabated. I also mentioned in my remarks that China is the one geography this year that’s up for test where the rest of the world is down. So, the key question is what’s normal? And, I think, there’s been a heavy, heavy investment for infrastructure -- 5G infrastructure test tooling this year. And it wouldn’t -- and we’ve been surprised as well by how long it’s continued. The view going into next year is that there should be a little bit of a pause in some of the rate that they’re adding capacity but that the long-term trend line is still intact, and that could pick up again in the back half of the year. But frankly, the forecasts that we’ve been looking at throughout this year, as you can see from our results, have been somewhat weak and the actuality has been stronger. So, it’s really hard to predict at the moment.
Vivek Arya: And as a follow-up, I think in the past you outlined I believe around the $300 million to $400 million opportunity, if all smartphones get converted to 5G. And I think from what TSMC said, they expect 5G penetration to be about mid-teens, next year. So, does the math work in a linear way? So, let’s say, mid-teens smartphones are converted, then does it mean, it’s like a mid-teens part of the $300 million to $400 million TAM, and do you have some similar math for from a base station perspective also?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So, that’s a good question. The $300 million to $400 million increment is based on 5G in general. And what we’ve said in the past is that somewhere around 2021, 2022, when the majority of smartphones crossover with 5G millimeter wave capability, we would see that kind of bump. Much of what we may see next year in smartphones for 5G is sub-6G, which has an impact but not as much as millimeter wave. However, the infrastructure demand this year has been so strong that what I would suggest is that of that $300 million to $400 million, we’re probably this year seeing $200 million or so of that bump from 5G. Now, the infrastructure piece comes first. That will likely wane a little bit as we go through the next few years as the capacity gets built up to run out a lot of base stations, and then the phone thing will kick in. It’ll kick in a little bit next year for sub-6G and then in subsequent years to a greater extent with millimeter wave, is how to think about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot. Mark, I just wanted to follow up on what you just said. So, we began the year, for the SOC TAM was about 2.5 for this year, and then we went to 2.8, and now we’re at 3.1. And if 5G is adding maybe $200 million to that $600 million increment, where is the other $400 million coming from?
Mark Jagiela: Well, there’s strength in, I would say, general computing and sort of AI type big digital applications out there. I think, there’s also strength in handsets in general, not 5G related but just 4 G, the complexity of the processors, the extra sort of MIMO and RF side of the 4G phones this year has driven a lot of test demand as well. So, it’s sort of all on the digital side. And I’d say, phones -- 4G phones are the principal other half of the equation.
Timothy Arcuri: And then, I guess, I had a question in Industrial Automation. So, with respect to UR, I mean, obviously the business is suffering from some industry trends. But, we’ve also heard about some price competition, there is a lot of offerings now coming at a lower price. I think, Techman is now partnered with OMRON. So, how do you think about that in the context of you went out and spent a decent amount of money for a company that’s not really going to be accretive to earnings for a couple of years? So, there seems to be a lot of sort of investor concerns. I get a lot more questions about this that people are getting a bit concerned that there is some deterioration happening in your core business. Can you sort of talk about that and what your longer term strategy is? And also, whether you think that this changes your view of this being a $1 billion business by 2022 or something like that?
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. Hi, it’s Sanjay here. I’ll comment on the UR pricing competition first. I think, first of all, UR margins actually ticked up this quarter slightly. When we look at our win-loss and evaluate the competition, pricing is obviously out there from other competitors that’s much lower. However, we haven’t lost significant business on that front. So, I think, we have a quality product offering, it’s recognized well by the customer base, and it’s being priced appropriately. And so, I think, from a UR standpoint, yes, we are planning that competition eventually will get the quality levels up and we’ll have to deal with a little bit of pricing. But, currently, that’s not necessarily the case where we’re losing business from a price perspective. From a long-term perspective on AutoGuide, I think, in both, Mark’s and my prepared remarks, I think, you need to consider this as a complemental or complement set of offerings in our portfolio of higher payload, of which there’ll be some potential product go-to-market synergies with MiR and entire portfolio. That coupled with the scale of Teradyne in the core competencies, we believe very strongly in completing out the portfolio of Industrial Automation. And this is just another example.
Mark Jagiela: And I would also, just on the specific, comment around Techman and OMRON. We’ve talked about them as -- it’s an interesting product, but it’s really not a price deflator, and even in its home turf of Japan, that’s our strongest growing region this year with UR. So, I think, the thought that somehow price competition or competition in general is causing the growth sort of slowing in UR is really not how we see it. It’s more the macroeconomic effects.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of CJ Muse with Evercore. Go ahead. Your line is open.
CJ Muse: Yes. Good morning. Thank you for taking the question. I guess, first question regarding gross margins and mix as we move from September to December. I think, in your prepared remarks, you talked about overall System Test growing about 25% for the calendar year, which would imply storage test I believe roughly flat, and that’s your lower margin business. So, curious what’s driving the sequential decline in gross margins? Historically, it’s been more mobile based, but curious if there is other drivers within your core SOC business that’s contributing to that?
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. It’s Sanjay here. So, I think, Q3 gross margins had favorable product mix, specifically tied to the Semi Test business. We get to -- the same Semi Test business has a little bit of mix change and that’s driving kind of the margin percentage down a tad, so 59% to 58% roughly. But, it’s kind of in our plan and as expected.
CJ Muse: I guess, just curious, I mean, does that mean we’re seeing a pickup in mobility or there are other drivers within SOC that have similar margins to mobility?
Mark Jagiela: Overall, the mix is as we planned. We are seeing continued strength in mobility. That is a key driver. It’s not anything more than that.
CJ Muse: And I guess, as the follow-up, share of north of 40% in memory is pretty incredible. And so, I guess, can you kind of walk through how you’re thinking about 2020, particularly as we move to UFS 3 standards and the requirements for higher NAND test, as well as the move to DDR5 and your competitive positioning there?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So, those two trends are great. We love it. That helps our product line. But, I would say that it’s likely that the low 40% share position we will have in 2019 is a bit inflated because of the DRAM portion of test buying this year is quite low. NAND has been better than DRAM, and DRAM is sort of the new space we’re entering, our share there is still relatively small. So, if we think about 2020, if the market this year is $600 million, we’ve talked about trend line market of $700 million for memory, if we think about the trend line going -- market going back, it’s likely to be on the DRAM side and our share next year could come down into the high 30s. But, given the products and the trends that you cited, if we think about another couple of years out, we should be routinely operating in that sort of mid-40% range is our view.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Chin with Stifel. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Brian Chin: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for letting us ask few questions. Congratulations on the nice current results. I guess, my first question would be on sort of the UR and Industrial Automation business. And sorry, if I missed this. But, what is the current expected growth rate for UR and for IA as a whole in 2019? Also, can you flush out some of the underserved verticals in regions you expect to invest more heavily in, as it relates UR? And also, just curious kind of where you think margins on the IA business will come in at, this year?
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. So, I think, from an Industrial Automation perspective, you should expect us to be in the teens for 2019.
Mark Jagiela: Operating margin target of growth.
Sanjay Mehta: Growth. And so -- yes. So, expected to be in the teens. And then, from -- and that’s a full-year 2019 over 2018, on an as reported basis. Pro forma, you think that it’s a little bit lower, as we acquired MiR in April, maybe around 9%-10% on a pro forma basis. And then, from an investment perspective, I think, should think about different verticals and consumer electronics and the like.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. And I think, geographically, as we look at United States as an example, we’ve had some areas of the North America and the U.S. that we’ve been a little light in our distribution network. So, we’re going to fill that out. And on the verticals front, we do see that electronics remains strong. It’s not like we haven’t invested in electronics, but we haven’t leaned into it disproportionately. And I think that’s one area where we will have more concentration, looking forward.
Brian Chin: Okay. That’s helpful. Got it. So, it sounds like with IA maybe in 4Q some seasonality, maybe not quite the seasonal bump maybe you’ve seen in kind of recent years. And then, maybe switching gears to the acquisition in terms of AutoGuide, just curious will you go to market differently with those autonomous vehicles, perhaps more of a direct sale than some of the extensive distribution integration partners, you’ve leveraged for UR and Mir? And I guess -- and I would imagine that if that was the case, then that might speed up the sort of the timeframe you’ve talked about from accretion standpoint?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So, that’s exactly right. It’s the classic customer or the big opportunities for AutoGuide tend to be larger enterprises and the direct sales approach there will be the predominant approach, not that we won’t have channel partners, we do and will expand that. But in the early going here, that will be the majority of the story versus MiR and UR, which come at it from the other way or today 90-plus-percent is through the channel, and we’re just developing a few enterprise direct sales accounts.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Toshiya Hari: Mark, I wanted to follow up on the Memory Test business. The improvement in market share this year, it’s the low 40% range. How much of that is due to mix shift within the TAM, DRAM being lower and NAND being better, and how much of that is due to real share gains at the expense of your competitor? And kind of related to that, given Memory Test has been sort of the bread and butter for your competitor, have you seen any price retaliation from them?
Mark Jagiela: So, I would say very little pricing activity that would be abnormal in this environment. And what I said earlier about DRAM is kind of weak this year. So, if you normalize out DRAM, maybe the way to think about it is our 42%-43% share would be more like 37%-38%. And so, that’s probably more our natural share position at this point. And we’re basically picking up business at existing memory manufacturers. So, there’s some real share gains happening at the traditional suppliers that you might think of for memory. And then there’s emerging players in China, which are kind of a jump ball that we’re competing with. And our share in China is above our kind of average share globally. So, those two pieces are what combine to sort of put us at that natural 37%-38% point.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. And I assume, most of the activity in China in memory so far has been on the NAND side as opposed to DRAM?
Mark Jagiela: Well, there’s activity in both. I don’t think I would break it down too much. But, both areas, we see activity.
Toshiya Hari: Okay. And then, as a quick follow-up on analog test. Can you remind us how big that sub-segment is within Semi Test today? I know it’s a business that’s been in sort of correction mode for the past few, if not several quarters. But, how big was that in Q3? And is it fair to say that you’re pretty close to the bottom, or could there be further downside, given some of your customers’ commentary overnight?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. I think, when we say analog, in the purest sense, linear analog is a market that traditionally is sort of in the $300 million to $400 million range. And this year, it’s probably at the low end of that. Then, there is another segment that’s related to the discussions going on in the sort of general linear analog area related to automotive and MCU and logic. That’s a market that probably oscillates between $300 million to $500 million and is also down at the low end of its range this year, probably even a little bit below $300 million. And we had a couple of strong years of automotive, bleeding up into the -- coming into this year. This year, it’s obviously down quite a bit in automotive. And if past trends sort of hold, it’ll stay down for another nine months to a year perhaps before we start to see that recover.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. John Pitzer with Credit Suisse, go ahead. Your line is open.
Andy Blanchard: Okay. Let’s move on, please.
Operator: Certainly. Your next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar with Cowen and Company. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Krish Sankar: Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I had a couple of them. Mark, I think, I asked this last time too. Is there a way to quantify how much of your sales in SOC Test or SOC Test plus Wireless Test is coming from 5G? Then, I had a follow-up.
Mark Jagiela: From 5G, I don’t think we have that broken down well for you. So, no, I can’t do that for you on the fly here. I’m not sure that’s something we’re going to be able to break out too easily. But, I can’t do it off the top of my head. Sorry.
Krish Sankar: Got you. No worries. And then, I have a question on the Industrial Automation and your strategy. It looks like UR growth is slowing. I understand, there are external factors like macro and competition. But, over the last couple of years, you’ve acquired MiR and now AutoGuide. Does it make sense to go down more downstream to a defensive software or a optics vision-based technology acquisition than a robotics hardware asset that has a potential to be commoditized down the road?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. I think, there is a view that the hardware is a commodity and the software is where all the money is going to be. And I would just reiterate that the differentiation we have in hardware has been incredibly strong and powerful throughout the 4.5 years we’ve owned UR and continues to be. And then, on the second point around software, isn’t that sort of the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow? I think, there is something to that over time that more and more value can be captured through software, not at the expense of hardware, however. I don’t believe it’s that. But, I do think it’s another market that will grow in conjunction with the hardware. So, it’s something we’re looking at. We do have a good platform to develop some capability around that. But, I wouldn’t disabuse hardware for the sake of software. I think, they’re both attractive and interesting.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Eastman with Baird. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Richard Eastman: Just around the IA business and particularly UR. You made reference to Asia -- Asia Pac strength, both in China and Japan. Is there a different mix of end-markets there, or have you added some distribution, or what would you attribute that strength to because, again, some of the verticals certainly have slowed there in Industrial Automation as well. But, curious as to where that strength comes from. And then, maybe just a second question, similar thoughts. We’ve now introduced this bin picking product. We had some enterprise agreements in the backlog there. As we move forward with UR, I’m not sure if you referenced this, but would you expect UR to maybe drop a little bit further here in the fourth quarter and in the first quarter seasonally it does that, but when do we start to inflect towards core growth at UR? I mean, middle of next year or what would your best guess be there?
Mark Jagiela: So, maybe on that last point first. I think, UR is going to grow in fourth quarter over third because typically fourth quarter is a big bump for us. It probably won’t -- it will be single digits compared to year-over-year fourth quarter, but it will likely be up a little bit. We’re doing this in light of the fact that if you look at the macroeconomic indicators of industrial output in the U.S. and Europe, they’re significantly weak and down. If you look at the traditional suppliers of industrial automation for example, whether it’s Japanese machine tool sales or some of the specific companies that have announced recent trends, you’ll see that they are down anywhere from 10% to 30% year-over-year, where we’re roughly low single-digit growth. So, I think we’re going to have that kind of a headroom over the traditional cyclical industrial automation market where we will oscillate with 10, 15-point gap on top of those guys. So, the real question is when will the industrial manufacturing sector in North America and Europe return to an expansive mode. And that one, I think, it’s hard for us to call. We think that we can grow next year, even in light of the current economic conditions we see in Industrial Automation. So, we think it’ll be a growth year next year. But, is it going to be single digits or back into that 30 to 40 range? It’s a little tough for us to call that right now. On Japan specifically, it’s interesting in Japan. Japan is a country that really sees the value of automation, they’ve got a demographic issue that requires it for them to stay productive. And we’re seeing that our product is able to win a disproportionate amount of collaborative robots business there, despite the fact, as somebody mentioned earlier, OMRON’s home turf is there. They’ve decided to tap demand there, but the Universal Robots product in cobot is winning. So, that’s all very encouraging to us. And if you look at the PMI and other indicators in Japan, they’re actually not quite down as much as they are elsewhere in the world. And in China, it’s a similar, believe it or not, demographic concern. There is an issue of finding staff to do a lot of this manual labor. That has resulted in companies in China continuing to invest, even though there is a lot of economic uncertainty and in some industries downturn there. We have automotive suppliers in China and elsewhere. Even though the automotive industry is down, they’ve got -- and they’re letting go people, in some cases closing factories, there is still steady Eddie adding collaborative robots at a good clip, because they see the long-term trend line. So, all of that to me is positive. I think, we’re learning, we’re not immune. The ROI for collaborative robots is fantastic, whether it’s an economic upturn or downturn. So, we’d like to believe we can fight through the downturn and still get growth, and we are. But, it’s kind of single-digit and I expect we’ll always going to ride above the curve here, throughout these cycles.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Sidney Ho: Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to clarify one thing. You said the 5G infrastructure added about $200 million to the TAM this year, and next year, there will be a pause on infrastructure side but maybe some pickup on the handset side. But the real next big opportunity is until the millimeter wave, which is a couple of years away. I know it’s early, but are you implying that the 5G-related incremental revenue for next year will kind of be flat? I guess, that’s net of the any decline in 4G.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. It’s Sanjay here. I think that -- yes, we believe it’s roughly a couple of hundred million. I believe we said in the past that we believe all-in-all, 5G will have about a $300 million to $400 million TAM uplift to the market. And so, right now, we’re trying to calibrate, as Mark said earlier, utilization of testers is high, but we’re trying to calibrate the build out that is getting ready for the infrastructure rollout of sub-6 in 2020, and have the customers created the capacity to handle the throughput required in 2020. So, we’re kind of trying to triangulate that and we’ll provide an update of our best estimate in Q1. I think from a 5G handset perspective, I think, you should think about sub-6 is going to increase in 2020, and then, also millimeter wave, first infrastructure and then handsets in the following years. And so there will be this wave of adoption, first started with 5G infrastructure and 5G handsets for sub-6 and then going to millimeter wave, infrastructure, more in 2021 and then handsets 2021, 2022 is the way we see it now.
Sidney Ho: As a follow-up, if you look back at the 4G opportunities, which I believe started early this decade, maybe still growing right now. If you look at the shape of that TAM, how it grew over time for you guys, as well as how long it took for the opportunity to plateau and eventually start falling off. How do you think the shape of the 5G over the next -- the cycle, how is it going to be different than 4G?
Mark Jagiela: So, I think, I want to break that into two different test markets. There’s the LitePoint business we have that saw tremendous spike when 4G rolled out, of handsets shifting over to 4G, which happened quite rapidly. And LitePoint is fueled by those standards shifts. And so, when you think of LitePoint’s business, that market grew to like $1 billion in size, LitePoint’s business grew upwards of $100 million. It was a huge boom and then a bust. 5G for LitePoint I think is going to go slower because there is more -- under the 5G umbrella, there’s more sub-standards, and it’s a slower rollout. In Semi Test, I think, it’s a different issue. Semi Test has been benefiting less from sort of the standards change to 4G than the complexity growth associated with the standard, its evolution and all of the sort of other features in phones. So, we’ve had a decade almost now of strong mobility Semi Test demand. Some of that you can attribute to the 4G standard, much more of it you attribute to the complexity growth in the phone and other -- perhaps correlated but other areas, like the apps processor, the AI getting built in, the image sensors, et-cetera. So, when we look at the 5G world for Semi Test, there is a there is a difference. One subtle difference, but I think the net result is going to be the same. The subtle difference is the 5G millimeter wave step-in is a much bigger technological impact than the 4G LTE step for Semi Test. The silicon to go at millimeter wave frequencies is going to be more test intensive and require higher test intensity for Semi Test. So, that’s the balloon. And it will be metered out over years. The complexity growth is a constant. So, that one I think continues. And so you’ve got a little bit more of a bump on top of it with millimeter wave being more complex. So, looking forward, marginally more test intensive than looking backwards is how I think about it.
Sidney Ho: Great. Last question for me. A couple of years ago, your SOC Test share was in the mid 50s, it dropped off last year and maybe coming back a little bit this year. I guess, next year probably should be up as well because of better end-market customer mix and whatnot. But, what would it take for you guys to get share back to the 50% level?
Mark Jagiela: Well, I think, overall, we’ve got to get a kind of rollout of millimeter wave. So, that’s a key part. That drives a lot of the RF test intensity that we’re solid and good at. And the memory story has to play out as it’s playing out are sort of two key elements of that. And then, less important, but also in there is picking up a little more what we would look at as Edge AI type test business. We have to get more devices in automotive and in consumer products that are digitally intensive and executing these inference algorithms that have been developed in the cloud. We’re strong there. That growth is sort of the third leg of the stool that gets us there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Duley with Steelhead. Your line is open.
David Duley: Yes. Thanks for taking my questions. A couple things on 5G handsets. Could you take a stab at how much more test time is involved in a 5G handset versus a 4G handset? I realize there is more RF and power management content and more complexity in some of the parts. But, if you could take a stab at estimating how much more test time intensity there is with the handset with 5G versus 4G, that’d be great? And the second question is, have you seen an acceleration in customers’ plans to roll out 5G phones next year?
Mark Jagiela: So, on the second point -- actually, I’ll leave that -- on the second point, yes, there’s an acceleration of 5G rollout in general, that’s happened this year. So, if you went back to the beginning of the year and said what’s the pace of 5G rollout today? It’s quite accelerated in both base stations and in handsets. However, the difference -- a significant point in all that is that most of the acceleration is in sub-6G. It’s the base stations and the handsets that are really starting to roll fast are in Asia, where sub-6G is rolling out ahead of the rest of the world. Now, next year, we’ll probably get a little bit of broadening of that. That’s what’s expected, and I would expect that too. But, the infrastructure in the United States and Europe really isn’t going to be in place to take advantage of a lot of that. So, that’s going to be a bit of our anchor. But, thank God, Asia is running because it’s been great for us. Now, the test time question, there’s two different ways, I’m not sure which question you’re asking. There is the testing of handsets that LitePoint does in a 5G phone, and then there’s the testing of the all the silicon that rolls into the 5G phone. Which one are you…?
David Duley: I was referring to all of the silicon in the phone.
Mark Jagiela: Okay. So, on the silicon side, that one’s a tough one to call right now, because people are still developing early, early test cases for the 5G silicon. Now, the 5G specific silicon tends to be -- there’s transceivers, there’s antennas and there is a modem. And all of those are in early pilot phase production, all of them have today much higher test times, which if you extrapolate it will come up with stupid numbers for test markets. And we expect they will get optimized, as always, over the next year as they to go to production. So, I think, in the end, we’re going to see small, maybe handful, 10% plus or minus kind of test time increases when people finally sort through all this. But, that’s sort of a rough number we use.
Sanjay Mehta: I think, I’d just add one quick point on the 5G acceleration. I think, on the millimeter wave, we’re seeing a lot of engineering efforts and testers to support that endeavor. So, the handsets, as I said earlier, would come out, we believe would ramp in up a year plus. We are seeing an uptick in the engineering efforts on 5G millimeter wave.
David Duley: Okay, great. Thank you.
Andy Blanchard: Okay. And operator, we have time to sneak in just one final question, please.
Operator: Certainly. Your next question comes from the line of Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson. Your line is open.
Tom Diffely: I was hoping you could add a little bit more on the automotive market. I know, it’s down quite a bit this year. But, what is your long-term view there? And do you view it more as a capacity play or is it the technology drivers as well?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. It’s primarily a technology driver. The automotive unit volume in the world’s not going to move much over the next decade probably or at least for the next five years. But, the complexity growth of the silicon in automotive is what’s important. And much of that relates to more autonomous driving, driver assistance technologies flowing into the cars. And from the design point of view, a lot of tooling was put in place for that last year. This year, I think, because unit volumes are down in such that the manufacturers are kind of holding off, but I expect, like I said before, that will return to growth late next year. And that trend line for automotive elect test -- let’s say, automotive test should be above the trend line of the rest of the industry in terms of growth. So, we look at that it’s going to grow probably greater than 10% on average, whereas the rest of the test market we’ve modeled in that sort of 4% to 5% range.
Tom Diffely: Great, very helpful. I appreciate it.
Andy Blanchard: Great. Thanks, everyone. And we look forward to talking with you in the days and weeks ahead. Bye, bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-24 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Shelby and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Teradyne Q2 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Andy Blanchard, you may begin your conference.
Andy Blanchard: Thank you, Shelby. Good morning everyone and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our CEO, Mark Jagiela; and our CFO, Sanjay Mehta. Following our opening remarks, we'll will provide details of our performance for 2019 second quarter along with our outlook for the third quarter of 2019. The press release containing our second quarter results was issued last evening, we're providing slides on the investor page of the website that may be helpful to you when following the discussion. Replays of this call will be available via the same page after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release as well as our most recent SEC filings. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we'll make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure were available on the Investor page of our website. Also, between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne, will be participating in investor conferences hosted by Key Bank, Davidson, City and Deutsche Bank. Now let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, Mark will comment on our recent results and the market conditions as we enter the third quarter. Sanjay will then offer more details on our quarterly results, along with our guidance for the third quarter. We'll then answer your questions. And this call is scheduled for one hour. Mark?
Mark Jagiela: Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining us this morning. In my prepared remarks, I'll highlight where we stand at the first half of the year and point and then update you on current business conditions and our outlook for the second half in our Test and Industrial Automation businesses. But first, I'd like to welcome our new CFO, Sanjay Mehta to the call. Sanjay brings a deep background in the semiconductor industry along with direct expertise in ramping fast moving global businesses. I am delighted to have him on our team. Sanjay will review the financial details of the quarter, and then we'll take your questions. We delivered financial results in Q2 that exceeded the high end of our sales and non-GAAP profit guidance by 3% and 2% respectively. For the first six months of the year, compared with the same period last year, sales grew 4% while non-GAAP EPS grew 15% on lower share count and higher gross margins. As was the case in Q1, the principal driver of our performance in Q2 was strong demand for Semiconductor Testers for the emerging silicon used in the 5G infrastructure build up. The 5G infrastructure investment represents the early innings of a multi-year build out that will eventually work its way into mainstream handsets several years down the road. While trade tensions and sanctions have made it difficult to forecast and have created a volatile environment. We've yet to see any meaningful slowdown in domain for our Semiconductor Testers. I will also note that the U.S. Administration's actions in May to put Huawei and its affiliates, the Entity List has had no material impact on our sales. As other companies have announced, we performed an extensive review of our products sold to Huawei to determine whether or not they're subject to the Export Administration Regulations and the Entity List restrictions. Many of our products are not subject to the imposed restrictions. As a result, we have continued to supply these products to Huawei and its affiliates. For the products that are subject to the imposed restrictions, we are seeking licenses under the U.S. Export Regulations. The overall market picture in Semi Test has improved from our earlier view. Entering the year, we estimated the SOC market size would be in the $2.3 billion to $2.7 billion range, down about $500 million from last year's market based on forecasted weakness in automotive and industrial end markets and an expect to downtick in mobile device test demand. While auto and industrial markets have slowed as expected, the growth in tester demand for 5G related infrastructure and demand for wide range of semiconductors used in smartphone handsets has exceeded our earlier estimates. The 5G infrastructure demand that drove Q1 strong results accelerated in the second quarter and was complemented by an unexpectedly strong demand for smartphone related chip test capacity. Our long held view that increasing complexity is driving a meaningful increase in test demand is becoming more apparent with each new device generation. All indications are that this demand will continue to the third quarter, and we are expecting this to result in an SOC test equipment market of $2.6 billion to $3 billion in 2019. On the topic of 5G, let me provide a bit of insight on how we're looking at the overall market opportunity and where we are in the progression. From a high volume perspective, we see four phases of 5G rolled out. First, an infrastructure build-up for frequencies below 6 Gigahertz, followed by a ramp of handsets operating in those same frequencies. One or two years later, a similar infrastructure build-up for millimeter wave frequencies with a subsequent ramp for handsets that support those higher frequencies. In terms of volume, we are primarily in the first sub 6-G infrastructure phase now driven mostly by China infrastructure, with the remaining phases playing out and building momentum over the next two to five years. While the big millimeter wave ramps are still in the future, there was a very active millimeter wave development work underway across the industry. We've been in the middle of that development and lead customers in both Semi Test and at LitePoint. Recall, LitePoint was first to market with a millimeter wave capable production tester and just last week, we announced the MX-44. Our Semi Test millimeter wave product, which has been in the hands of early customers for several quarters. The MX-44 an instrument for our UltraFLEX platform delivers the RF performance, software ease of use, production worthiness and economics necessary to support the development and early production of millimeter wave devices and modules. In Memory Test, we continue to expect the market to be at the low end of our $600 million to $700 million range, our shipments in Q2 of 58 million were up over 20% from Q1 on the strength of flash final test and flash and DRAM wafer test growth. Despite the soft overall market, we continue to see strong demand for our NAND flash tester as the push for higher speed interface testing continues to be strong. In Industrial Automation, Q2 sales grew 20% compared with Q2 of 2018, and for the first half sales grew 27%. However, the global malaise in industrial market, the global malaise in industrial markets, especially those related to automobile production were stiff headwind. The automotive supply chain remains a large component of robot sales and weakness in this sector has been difficult to overcome. Sanjay will provide more details on this sector in a moment. Given the lower year to date growth, we now expect full year's sales growth to be under the low end of our long term range of 30 %to 40%. While below our goal this year, we remain confident of our long term growth targets. We see this year's slower growth as a natural ebb and flow of the market and not a competitive issue, as our results compare favorably to the broader Industrial Automation market, in which most companies are reporting sales declines, compared with last year's Q2. We continue to work on ramping our lead generation activities, new market vertical diversification and delivering initial availability of our Tam expanding bin picking solution later this year. While our IA growth moderated in the quarter, there were several significant milestones to know. Those include UR's largest account crossing the 1,000 robot install base threshold. Continued progress on our large account program, and an OEM partnership with Sapro, a leader in plastics manufacturing automation. At MiR, we now have several customer sites operating MiR fleets in excess of 25 mobile robots, and our install base of robots at Chinese hospitals has reached over 80 units and continues to grow. Before leaving IA, I'd like to comment on a recent investment in RealWear, an innovative private company that uses the power of advanced wearable technology, in this case, a head mounted augmented reality device that makes the workplace safer and more productive. This investment aligns with our strategy of bringing the power of advanced automation to companies of all sizes to improve the productivity of their employees and the quality of their products and services. Through the investment, Teradyne will gain insights into a wide range of applications and enabling technologies with potential use across our entire business. So back to the total company level, when you look at the full year, we expect the second half revenue and EPS to be slightly above the first half, with Test a bit stronger and IA bit weaker than we expected three months ago. With that, I'll turn things over to Sanjay.
Sanjay Mehta: Thank you, Mark. This morning, I'll make some comments on the first half of 2019, go through several highlights related to the business units, offer some observations about Teradyne after my first three months on the job, and then move to our second quarter results and third quarter outlook. We're pleased with our first half performance. As Mark noted, at the midpoint of our fiscal year, our first half sales totaled $1.58 billion, up 4% from the first half of 2018, and non-GAAP EPS $1.20, up 15% from the first half of 2018. Gross margin improved 1 point to 58% in the first half of 2019, primarily driven by favorable product mix in Semi Test. The fundamentals of our Semi Test business remained strong as noted. With increasing test complexity, and acceleration of 5G infrastructure investments in the marketplace driving demand, Industrial Automation continue to grow, albeit slower than expectations, but still facing the market facing several headwinds. Turning to the business units. Semi test had a strong second quarter with sales of $375 million. The key drivers of growth were one, continued polling of testers supporting 5G infrastructure and two, 20% quarter-on-quarter growth in our memory business, driven by DRAM and flash test shipments. We expect 5G and memory demand drivers to continue in Q3. Regarding 5G, we see accelerated infrastructure spending for test equipment continuing in the second half of 2019. While we expect growing 5G handset related test spending next year, we are forecasting a larger spending ramp in 2021. Our LitePoint business grew 42% quarter-over-quarter to $41 million, driven by the System Test requirements for new wireless standards and early 5G handset buying. We expect this level of business to continue into Q3. In System Test revenues grew 25% quarter-over-quarter to $73 million, driven primarily by storage testers for multi-terabyte capacity and hard disk drives and increase defense and aerospace shipments. Now turning to Industrial Automation business. Our Q2 revenues were $75 million, which grew approximately 13% quarter-over-quarter and 20% year-over-year. As Mark noted, this is despite the glowing automotive investments, which is universal robot single largest market. Nonetheless, UR's 10% year-over-year growth to 63 million was less than our forecast. Geographically, growth in China and Asia Pacific remains relatively strong, but has been offset by slower growth in Europe and North America. Even in the recent slowdown, we believe fundamental demand drivers of the cobots market. Specifically, the scarcity of labor, enhance quality, financial returns and unique ergonomic benefits and manufacturing will continue to drive long term growth. We continue to believe we will go from an installed base of tens of thousands to hundreds of thousands of cobots in the mid-term. In the short term, we are seeing several industry headwinds working against our growth. Several quick market reference points will help calibrate the situation. First, the Robotics Industry Association or RIA, is an association focused on the entire North American robot market. Reported a year-over-year decline of all robots. All robot units sold 29% in March this quarter, a trend we believe extended through the June quarter. This is principally due to the slowdown in the automobile manufacturing sector, which has over 50% of the North American robotics market. Global PMIs a proxy for industrial growth have moderated with 30 – 42 regional PMI measures around the world now below 50. Thus, indicating purchasing managers view that marketing conditions are contracting rather than growing. Obviously, we're not immune from the industry wide conditions. For UR, we believe in the market regardless of the short term headwinds and will continue to invest to leverage our strengths in the product portfolio. Ecosystem and channel invested in the product portfolio, ecosystem and channel to extend our competitive differentiation. Lastly, we continue to train and bring on new partners and support lead customers in key vertical segments. Recall, our strategy is to go-to-market with our channel partners, but to also develop relationships with the key leaders in large market verticals. These direct relationships enable us to understand the end market requirements for products, accelerate deployment time and enable new solutions with third parties. Demand will continue to be fulfilled through our channel partners. In our view, the recovery coming out of market through provide an opportunity to extend our competitive lead, enhance our continued investments. Later this year, investments will yield and industrial bin picking product with ease of use, flexibility and economics that our customers have come to expect from Universal Robots. We expect new functionality like bin picking will increase the addressable market for UR robots – sorry, UR cobots approximately 50% plus. This investment and others will position us for above market growth when industrial investments we accelerate. Shifting to MiR, which is obviously much earlier in its life. We continue to see healthy sales growth with second quarter sales are approximately $11 million up 81%. from last year's Q2 on a pro forma basis, due in part to the introduction of the MiR500 and MiR1000 pallet moving autonomous robots. While I've been on the job for just a few months, I'd like to offer some general observations. Teradyne has a well-positioned Core Test portfolio with secular market growth in the low single digits. The business model is flexible with variable compensation tied to profitability, which ensures that all employees’ objectives are aligned with the company's objectives. Manufacturing is mostly outsourced for the Core Test business, which reduces CapEx and brings flexibility and are sometimes volatile market. We can focus on product road mapping without the burden of managing factory assets, which could hinder optimal roadmap planning and tie up significant capital, lowering long term strategic flexibility. In May, I visited several of our contract manufacturing partners in China and Malaysia. I was impressed with the quality of our joint processes and mechanisms to ensure flexibility of production levels. We operate in markets that are volatile and the flexible manufacturing operation delivers short customer lead times while modulating spending relative to demand. The other relevant point about manufacturing in China and Malaysia is that it enables us to minimize the impact of the current trade environment. I've observed in industrial automation. We have a very different situation and that we're defining and developing new markets. As these markets are in their infancy, we are focusing to stay well ahead and fortify our competitive position. Capturing these opportunities is one thing, being able to scale to support these opportunities as another. Scaling manufacturing a global operation, global distribution, and an application ecosystem and so on are areas where Teradyne has delivered synergies with our recent acquisition. It's also clear to me that our approach to integrating new businesses into the company's effective. To capture the market and realize the opportunities, we enable IA businesses which have decentralized operating decision making. This allows our acquired companies, industry experts to continue to drive at an entrepreneurial pace with minimal bureaucracy. Synergies are enabled through Teradyne's expertise and key support functions to drive efficient scale like supply line management, operations, legal support, global HR, and design for quality that all combined to accelerate growth, which is sometimes hindered some smaller companies to truly scale and capture their market. There's a true collaborative management approach between business and corporate leaders that is focused on supporting the needs of these fast growing businesses. A key difference between the core Semi Test business and Industrial Automation is manufacturing. As stated, our Core Test businesses outsource manufacturing for many reasons, including cost, flexibility, scale, and diversity of geographic location, something that has proven very important in these times. Our Industrial Automation portfolio is vertically integrated with manufacturing in-house. Manufacturing in-house is a key differentiator in these new markets that we are trying to grow and enable fast time to market and quality solutions. Turning to capital allocation now. We'll stay disciplined and maintain the financial strength to return capital to shareholders, along with making acquisitions where it makes financial sense. Over the past three calendar years, we've averaged $420 million of annual free cash flow, which supports a balanced capital return approach with share buybacks, dividends and acquisitions. We target maintaining approximately $1 billion on the balance sheet, earmarking $500 million to ensure we can ride out an economic downturn and continue to invest in our roadmap. This is paramount to our long term success because when the market turns to growth from such a downturn, we will be well positioned with a competitive roadmap to capture the opportunity. In addition, we earmark $500 million for potential acquisitions to support our M&A pipeline. We also have $460 million in long term debt in the form of a convertible bond due in 2023. We annually review our capital allocation approach with our board and will communicate any changes to you in the January call. Turning to the balance sheet. Our cash and marketable securities stand at $994 million, about flat to the end of the first quarter. We returned $106 million of capital in the second quarter, principally through 91 million of in share repurchases and 15 million of dividends. Our share repurchases since 2015 totaled $1.7 billion at an average buyback price of $30.44. Recall, we plan to buy back 500 million of stock this year and return 60 million in dividends. Turning to the second quarter. Company revenue of $564 million came in slightly above the high end of our guidance, for Q2, mainly driven by the acceleration of tester shipments for 5G infrastructure. We had two customers greater than 10% of sales in the quarter. Non-GAAP gross margin was 58%. Non-GAAP operating profit was 24% and Non-GAAP EPS was $0.66. You’ll see our non-GAAP operating expenses were $190 million, up $11 million from the first quarter as planned, primarily due to increased distribution investments, UR and some R&D expenses and the Semi Test along with higher variable compensation tied to higher profits. The detailed segment level sales for the second quarter including the geographic breakdown for UR and MiR are shown in the table in the presentation. We continue to scale up our operating expenditures for Industrial Automation businesses. We’ve included a schedule showing excuse me this breakdown between Test and IA. Let me mention one gap item with note. In the quarter, we had discrete tax expense of approximately $15 million related to the finalization of our repatriation tax tool liability. Turning to our guidance for the third quarter. Revenue expected to be – is expected to be between $540 million and $580 million and the Non-GAAP EPS range is $0.64 to $0.74 on 171 million of diluted shares. Q3 guidance excludes the amortization required intangibles, restructuring and non-cash convertible debt interest. Third quarter gross margin should run approximately 58% to 59% and total OpEx should run from 33% to 35%. The operating profit of our third quarter guidance is forecasted to be 24% to 26%. Shifting to taxes. Our non-GAAP full year tax rate is expected to be 16%, which is consistent with our prior guidance. In closing, we’ve seen above forecast performance in our Semi Test business driven by 5G infrastructure shipments. Our Q3 growth and Semi Test is mainly driven by continuation of 5G infrastructure spending. Industrial Automation growth is slowing due to economic headwinds, but we expect the growth to keep outpacing the market and we will continue to invest to drive leadership and product ecosystem and channel for IA portfolio to achieve our midterm objectives. With that, I’ll turn the call back to Andy.
Andy Blanchard: Thanks Sanjay. And Shelby, we’d now like to take some questions. And as a reminder, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from John Pitzer of Credit Suisse.
John Pitzer: Yeah. Good morning, guys. Thanks for – let me ask question. And thanks for all the detail in the prepared comments. Mark, just talking about the Industrial Automation business, I’m just kind of curious, you say it’s going to be below the low end of your long term growth rate target for the full year. How much below the low end and how should we think about kind of half on half growth in the Industrial Automation business in the context that overall business is going to be sort of flattish half on half?
Mark Jagiela: Yeah. I think it’s obviously a little difficult for us to project with any precision in the second half times are pretty short in IA. But I think first, you should expect to see an uptick in the second half and IA kind of similar to what you’ve seen in past years, first half to second half. So, I do think we’re going to see growth over the first half and the second half and it’ll be proportional to what we’ve seen so far in past years. And in terms of where we’ll end up in the year, in that 30% to 40% target that we set, I think we’re going to be below that, as I mentioned, somewhere, I probably give it a wide range somewhere in that low-mid 20s to up to that 30 number.
John Pitzer: That’s helpful. Then as my follow-up, just on the SOC Test TAM, you’re raising it by about 300 million. I’m assuming the vast majority of that is 5G infrastructure just given where we are on the handset cycle there. But I’m just kind of curious, you think about the four phases of 5G that you talked about, what’s your kind of view on what it does to the SOC Test TAM over time?
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, we talked that through a bit in the past. We said that when we’re up and running full speed mean, the majority of the 1.5 billion world handsets have millimeter wave capability embedded. We should see about a $300 million to $400 million increase to the Semi Test TAM. So, in my remarks, I sort of said that’s the last phase of this thing and we’ve always said that sort about 2021 plus when that happens. So, we’re still in that early infrastructure for primarily sub 6G deployments. Yes, there’s here and there scattered deployments of millimeter wave infrastructure in the U.S., but nothing compared to sort of the much more major rollout going on in China for sub 60.
John Pitzer: Thanks. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Chin at Stifel.
Brian Chin: Hi, there, good morning. Thanks for letting us ask a few questions. And Sanjay, welcome to the company and the call. I hope you got a glass of water.
Sanjay Mehta: Thank you.
Brian Chin: First, just curious about the third quarter breakdown relative to the revenue guide. Just roughly speaking, how do you expect your key business segments to trend in 3Q relative to 2Q?
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, so I think – it’s Sanjay here. So, specifically, I think you’ll see continued – the Semi Test business will continue along with the drivers of the 5G infrastructure. And as Mark mentioned, you should see an increase in the Industrial Automation, similar to what you’ve seen increases in the past. I think some of our other businesses like LitePoint, the growth was really driven by the new wireless standards, the Wi-Fi 6 or 11ax, 7 gigahertz are the examples and you should see continued on that front. And then on the System Test group, which did grow 25% kind of quarter-over-quarter in Q2 to $73 million. You should see continued growth there. And really from our hard disk drive business, really driven by the datacenter, the enterprise disk drives going into datacenters, as well as the defense and aerospace business which are typically large programs, large deployment programs with government agencies, and there some large ones are moving into the deployment phase.
Brian Chin: Okay, got it. It’s very helpful. Appreciate that. And then I guess for my second question, maybe kind of a two part. First, in terms of looking at UR versus MiR, I guess UR was decelerate a little bit in the quarter to plus 10% year-over-year growth. Kind of curious sort of what that monthly progression was in the business and or by geography i.e. did you see more of a maybe pronounced tail off towards or late in the quarter. And then, I guess also MiR, little surprising, kind of still earlier phases of adoption, could wait for that business, some headwinds, but maybe just any commentary, you’re also seeing in terms of sort of the – that business and sort of having to revise down some of those contingent payouts in Q2?
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah. So, I think from UR perspective, I think we’re seeing you’re right 10%. And really when I think about the markets of – in my prepared remarks, I commented on Europe and North America, you’re really seeing the impact of the slowdown tied to automotive. Many other the robotics companies are actually showing negative year-on-year results. However, there was, we did see strength in Asia Pacific, I think of China, Korea and in Japan, and so we – we’re looking forward, we actually expect that to continue to be relatively strong. We’ll have to get back to you on the month on – the monthly profile. I don’t have that hand.
Brian Chin: Okay, thank you.
Mark Jagiela: And then just maybe a comment on MiR, a little bit. So MiR has – had a very ambitious plan tied to its earn out from day one. And as we sit here in Q2 and look at where we think the full year will turn out, originally to sort of max out in this year, they would have had to have roughly doubled in sales. And where we sit now, given the first half result is, we’re probably going to be in the certainly much greater than 50% range, but the doubling potential given some of the headwinds that Sanjay mentioned is less.
Brian Chin: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from C.J. Muse of Evercore.
C.J. Muse: Yeah, thank you for taking the question. I guess first question on the SOC side. You had previously talked about second half tracking, maybe 50 million lower than the first half, is that still in the cards here? And as you think about moving into 2020, and obviously over the last year, we’ve seen very elevated SOC spending and that’s in spite of the headwinds we saw from two years ago, now this year, auto industrial? How are you, how can you kind of quantify rising complexity versus some of those headwinds and how we should think about that translating into a market size into 2012?
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, so let me give you a few guide points on that. So, I do think because of the strengthening Semi Test environment we’re seeing that first versus second half Semi Test revenues are probably going to be about flat. And as I mentioned earlier, IA should be up. So that gets to the comments that I made that the second half should be a bit stronger than the first. So, and then, the complexity drive of the business, I think, when you look at the two things that are happening this year, despite the fact that handset unit volumes are declining, and have essentially been flat to declining for several years now, we still see a very robust uptake of demand for Semiconductor Testers. So obviously not unit driven, complexity driven. And the complexity drivers in the more recent years, this year and some others have been around, a lot of that is the related to the increase in the number of and the density of the cameras that are going into phones. Some of the higher end phones coming out this year will have six cameras in them. And that propagates throughout the phone in terms of complexity, the amount of NAND Flash goes up the speed with which the NAND Flash goes up, same thing with DRAM. So, all of this is part of the complexity story for cell phones that drives our business. And we’re yet to get into the high bandwidth, 5G related silicon that’s coming. So that’s sort of the thesis we’ve had. I think, the evidence so far as it’s playing out pretty well.
C.J. Muse: That’s helpful. And I guess a follow-up on the IA side. As you contemplate the weakness that you’re seeing today, at least relative weakness, can you kind of pinpoint where that’s coming from, between auto, European exposure, China exposure, perhaps, U.S. companies deciding to buy other components before potential terrorist put in place, would love to hear your thoughts there?
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, so once again, I think Europe and North America are really tied to the slowdown in the auto industry. I believe that, just to talk a little bit like we still believe we’re in a nascent market and once again, we did grow, overall, the 20% in the quarter. And in these nascent markets, we continue to invest in different applications for things like bin picking that will drive a wave of adoption, or we’re investing in new market verticals like hospitals, for example, with MiR, there’s roughly 80 mobile robots deployed in hospitals. And then we’re also investing in large accounts. And so, the – and these large accounts typically have a little bit longer design cycle and qualification process, as they’re evaluating different competitors. But we really see, again, we really see a big market going forward, we believe we’re helping to create and drive this and what we’re looking for the market to reaccelerated spending to then pull the products forward. Thank you.
C.J. Muse: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Timothy Arcuri of UBS.
Timothy Arcuri: I had two, I guess the first one Mark is – the comments around the 5G infrastructure, I think that’s pretty consistent that ultimately, you think it’s going to be $300 million to $400 million incremental to the TAM.
Andy Blanchard: Tim, we lost – we lost you there, Tim. Could you repeat the question?
Timothy Arcuri: Sure. Can you hear me now?
Mark Jagiela: Yes.
Timothy Arcuri: So yeah, my question is, [Technical Difficulty]
Mark Jagiela: Tim, we are going to try to paraphrase the question. You are wondering about raising of the TAM this much this early and attributing it to 5G? Is that indicative of a longer term step up in the market size?
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, I think that’s what Tim was asking, hopefully. Okay. We’re looking into Q3, we still see very strong demand, a lot of it related to the infrastructure. So, I think raising the TAM at this point is really a good solid basis. So, I think the other part of your question was how much license does that have into next year. And I think it’s too early for us to tell. There a large build out going on in China. And there’s plans for that to continue over the next several years, in fact, it’s not like it’s going to be over at the end of this year. On the other hand, there’s all kinds of other economic conditions and tariffs and things that could temper that. So, I wouldn’t call lot of Olympiad talking about specifically next year, other than to suggest that the early innings of this, as I said, my comments are generating a significant uptick in the Semi Test market. And that should allow us to build confidence in our mid-terms earnings model that is actually relatively modest in market growth. And so, we still – we feel pretty good about what’s happening this year as a positive proof against that model.
Timothy Arcuri: Awesome, guys. Thank you. Yeah, that was my question. Thank you. And then there’s another question. I think, Mark, you also talked about better smartphone. I’m a little bit surprised about that as well, that your biggest customer, can you give us a little more comments there? Thank you.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, I’ll just say what I said before, I’m not going to comment on any specific customer. But the thing in smartphones, one of the key things has been the proliferation of more cameras, denser cameras, more pixels and more test time. So, without unit growth that complexity growth, and that extends into memory, is why we see a strong, one key element of why we see a strong smartphone semiconductor test market this year.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay guys, thanks so much.
Mark Jagiela: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Toshiya Hari of Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I’ve got two. First on Memory Test. Mark, I think this was the first quarter in a long time. And maybe the first quarter ever your Memory Test revenue exceeded that of your nearest competitor. In the quarter, I realized it’s only a quarter, but you’re clearly making good progress on the market share front. So curious if the strength was driven more by your traditional NAND business or increasingly your DRAM final test business as well? And I’ve got a follow-up.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, yeah, I didn’t expect to see that in my lifetime. And I don’t expect that will persist. But look at I think what we’ve been talking about consistently, is still the case that the growing sub segment of memory test tends to be gathering around the high speed variants of DRAM and flash. So, what we saw in the second quarter with a continuation of this deep sort of NAND flash final test business we saw in Q1, a lot of the adder is due to wafer test. It’s the wafer test of both DRAM and flash final test. So, if you said quarter-on-quarter growth, what’s the main important component of that, it’s the wafer test piece.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. And then as my follow-up. On LitePoint, I think a couple years ago when business was really slow, at one point, you guys were losing money in the business. I think you had some cost cutting initiatives and since then revenue has improved. So curious, where does – where do margin set LitePoint today? I guess more importantly, going forward when you expect 5G to become a meaningful driver for that business specifically?
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah. Hi, it's Sanjay, I'll take that one. So LitePoint is profitable and you should think about it a little bit above, currently running a little bit above our company average and indeed, includes shipments to support 5G and will continue to grow.
Toshiya Hari: Thank you.
Mark Jagiela: Okay, next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mehdi Hosseini of SIG.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes, thanks for taking my question. I have a follow-up. Mark, you talked about incremental TAM increase of 300 million to 400 million for 5G sub-6 gigahertz phone and this year, your SOC TAM went up by the same amount 300 million. Should I assume that the bass station, the networking TAM is about 300 million and when the phones are out that has another increment of 300 to 400?
Mark Jagiela: No, I wouldn't think of it that way. And the 300 million to 400 million that we talked about for the 5G business incorporates phones, base stations and the infrastructure associated with 5G. So, it's all one thing.
Mehdi Hosseini: Okay, but this year is all about base station, and you increased the TAM by 300 million. So, does that mean that as when the phones are out, it will, the content or the demand drivers changes from base station to smartphone?
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, look I think first of all the 300 million to $400 million TAM increase this year isn't exclusively base station. There's also smartphone, silicon that I talked about that's higher than our expectation related back to a lot of it these image sensor trends. So, it's a combination of phones and base stations, what we're seeing this year. And then as you project out, you know, over time, the base station piece of this should have good legs for several years to come. And everything else being equal, there should be continued growth for several years. But then that will taper off, maybe it's around 2021-2022 and a handset piece will take over as your main drive.
Mehdi Hosseini: So, let me try one more time as the follow-up to my first question. Of the 300 million to 400 million TAM associated with sub-6 gigahertz 5G. How would you characterize the base station opportunities are the mix and how does it compare to smart phone?
Mark Jagiela: So, it depends on what year you want to talk about. If you want to talk about the next three years, it's not going to get all the way up to that 300 million to 400 million rate, it'll be below that it'll be primarily driven by base stations. After that two to four, sort of two to five years out, it will get up to the 300 to 400 million pattern. And at that point, it will be mostly base station. So, this, let's say the next two couple of years, it's let's say 200 million to 300 million, after that it's 300 to 400 million and there's a shift from infrastructure.
Mehdi Hosseini: Sure. Thank you. And my second question has to do, could you also help us quantify opportunity associated with 5G impacting LitePoint? And then I assume that that's more like all phone. Is there any figure you can give me as impacts your board level Test on LitePoint?
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, we've talked about that business too, we said that adds about $100 million to the market. And its mostly phones, but there's also a lot of, you know, with Wi-Fi 6 and coming 7 gigahertz band Wi Fi, there's a lot of access points and infrastructure there that will also grow. So that's probably you know 20% of LitePoint's business, but it's meaningful.
Mehdi Hosseini: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Krish Sankar of Cowen and Company.
Krish Sankar: Hi, thanks for being my question. I told them first one Mark, is there any you can quantify how much of your Semi Test and/or Semi plus LitePoint is coming from 5G today? What percentage of revenues? And then I had a follow-up?
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, we really don't break that out. Maybe, we'll look at that to see if we can do that going forward. But at the moment, we've really haven't consolidated that.
Krish Sankar: Gotcha. Gotcha. No worries. And then as a follow-up, you know, on the LitePoint, is the real opportunity for LitePoint in the frequency range to FR to like, I guess, millimeter wave or do you think there's opportunity in FR1, also for LitePoint. And along the same path you know, I think I asked this question last time too, it seems like, you know, two key players in Semi Test but there are like four players in Wireless Test. Do you think if that industry and the Wireless LitePoint side consolidated there's better opportunity for everyone involved? Thank you.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, so FR1 is less of an opportunity for all of us than FR2, but there is still growth as FR1 rolls out. And the competitive dynamics in that business, we've talked about it before, it's a crowded market. The thing that LitePoint specializes in is on production test optimization. Their products really are not designed for R&D purposes. And therefore, you know, I think in the production test market, although there are four or five competitors for development test, there's truly fewer for production test, we may be three, instead of five. So yeah, it's a little bit crowded, but I think for production tests, a little bit less crowded than you might expect.
Krish Sankar: Gotcha. Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Your next question comes from Atif Malik of Citigroup.
Atif Malik: Hi, thank you for taking my questions and good job on another beaten raised quarter on 5G strength. Mark, we here in Taiwan that you've entered probe into closer market. Can you just talk about the strategic rationale and how big that opportunity is? Then I have a follow-up.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, I'm not exactly sure what you're referring to, certainly enter posers are part of the sandwich that makes the tester doctor wafer, but we haven't made any announcements around these specific products there and we're not ready to talk about any of that.
Atif Malik: Sure. And then on IA side, are you seeing any retaliatory action by China in preferring local cobots that makes you look at this business different strategically?
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, hi, it's Sanjay. So actually, what we're seeing in China is actually a return to growth. And what we're finding is that customers are taking a look at the competition. And I think as it was mentioned on the last call, what they're finding is that hardware is still a differentiation, because basically run the cobot 24/7 kind of three shifts, we can sustain the performance from a hardware perspective, not to mention the software, the ecosystem and the other benefits. But even from a hardware perspective, where we continue to outperform the competition. Now, that's not to say that the competition isn't coming. We are seeing competitors come and be around specifically in China, but if anything, we actually have a little bit more of an enhanced view as the year is unfolded.
Mark Jagiela: Okay, we'll take next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Eastman of Baird.
Richard Eastman: Yes. Good morning. Just the first question is just around the Industrial Automation business. A couple of things there. One is, are we seeing any incremental traction on kind of these enterprise agreement or direct sales. We had booked a couple of those; I think in the first quarter that you spoke to in the lighting industry. But I'm curious if we have any more examples there? And then also within IA, as we close through the back half of the year, is the EBITDA target, do we slow investments maybe and as the EBITDA target for the full year in IA is still expected to be you know, 16% or better?
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, it's Sanjay. I'll speak to the EBITDA targets and kind of what's going on. So, first thing is, again, I'll reiterate, we believe in the long term of this market, and we're going to continue to invest. And really you should think about it as trade off where we're going to continue to invest if we believe in the mid and long term, we're going to reap benefits from a revenue perspective in those investments. So, our first priority is to make sure we're developing competitive differentiator either in product channel or the ecosystem to drive revenue, and will forego a little bit of operating profit through those investments to obtain that, really from an investment standpoint. And I think in 2018, roughly our operating profit was 16%. And what you should expect in the short term is that – that is going to be plus or minus. In the long term, we do expect that our investments will be leveraged and will grow towards the company average.
Mark Jagiela: And just on the larger count discussion, so yes, in the first quarter, we added a couple of large accounts that I was describing that we’re rolling out cobots and sort of this 20-ish to 30-ish units per month rate, those customers continue to perform and continue down that path. And we had this other large account that I mentioned in my remarks, it’s now up over 1000 robots. So, they’re obviously – that’s occurred by the way over about a three year period. So, they’re obviously rolling out at much at a much higher rate than that. We didn’t have anything of that magnitude in additionally, in Q2 to talk about in terms of somebody else who’s in that 20 to 30 a month rate, but there are those in the pipeline. Hopefully, our plan would be to talk about those if we get permission in coming quarters.
Richard Eastman: Okay. And then Mark, just as a follow-up question. On the Semi Test side of the business, there were a couple spots flag there and auto and industrial. Could you just maybe speak to what percentage and perhaps – what percentage is Semi Tests are targeted those kind of – at those industries and maybe what test your product line, we can look to see that that exposure?
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, so let’s talk about automotive first. Traditionally automotive has sort of been this 400 million test market for us, mainly, it breaks into microcontrollers and say control engine control, control systems, and then power analog, the actual actuators. So, it’s split between our J750 Tester line and our Eagle Tester. Overtime as the electrification of vehicles has been moving forward, and complexity is increasing, more and more of those devices are finding their way on to our UltraFLEX SOC platforms. So, there’s a migration occurring. But as I’ve talked about automotive before, we saw three very strong years of automotive demand that was sort of unprecedented from 2016 through 2018. This year, the demand is maybe down 40%, from what hasn’t been running out for those three year average. So, it’s been a pretty significant pause. That’s normal I would have expected it earlier than that occurred. And it typically doesn’t last much more than a year, year and a half at most. So, I think that’s – that’s fine. In the industrial space, similar products, product lines, it’s the J750 moving to the UltraFLEX and Eagle Test platform. And the trends there are very similar, maybe not down as hard as auto, perhaps it’s only down 30% or so compared to where it’s been running the past couple of years. But in a similar way, we expect that last for about a year or so and then there’s a recovery after that.
Richard Eastman: And as a percentage of Semi Test?
Mark Jagiela: So again, if automotive 400 million out of an SOC, let’s say market, that’s normally 26 or 27, you can do the math, and then the linear one is probably more nominally 300, 350 the industrial.
Richard Eastman: Yeah. Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sidney Ho of Deutsche Bank.
Sidney Ho: Great. Thanks for taking my question. I want to go back to the 5G question. You talked about the impact of the Huawei ban, it’s not been significant for you or you don’t expect impact in the future. But if you look at the purchases from them, specifically for the 5G infrastructure, are you seeing them buying in line with their built plans and how can you tell if that customer is not buying for future quarters?
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, so I’m not going to comment specifically about any one customer. But I will say that whether or not any customer is kind of buying a head of demand or not, is something we’re always trying to triangulate on. And if we look at what we saw in the second quarter, in terms of buying, there’s no evidence that there was any buying a head of demand in the second quarter. We’ve got we look at that constantly. We got it like you said, we try and get a shipment of in products out with what we know we’re supplying in and see if that all adds up. But all I can say is that through the second quarter, we don’t see disconnect.
Sidney Ho: Okay, that’s helpful. Maybe another end market question other than auto industrial, you referred to better than expected growth, in 5G infrastructure in your in your press release, but you also mentioned, strengthen networking. Are we talking about the same thing, or it’s a different type of networking? If you can give some color would be great? Thanks.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, it’s probably a subtle distinction. But it’s essentially being driven by the same thing. So, you have, in a 5G rollout, you have the radio access network, which has antenna modules, down converters, then you have modems. And then you have a backhaul to network processing. And the networking we talked about is sort of the connection of the backhaul through the network processing related to 5G infrastructure.
Sidney Ho: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Andy Blanchard: And operator we have time for just one more – one more question, please.
Operator: Your final question is from David Duley of Steelhead Security.
David Duley: Thanks for taking my question. Just a clarification on the size of the SOC market. I guess you increase the size of the TAM this year? Could you just in reference, how big was the SOC market in 2018 and this year, you expect it to be I guess 2.7 billion, is that what you said?
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, so last year, the SOC market was – had a phenomenal peak year of about $3 billion in size. So, at the current midpoint, we’re talking about 2.6, 2.7, 2.8 something like that. So, it’s still down, it’s down maybe that 10% range.
David Duley: And for – if the market’s down 10%, what will we expect SOC test business to do this year?
Mark Jagiela: SOC test business this year, I think, go back to what I said. We’re not specifically guiding the full year there, but we expect our second half to be a roughly equivalent to our first half. So, you can define it from that.
David Duley: Okay. Final question. You mentioned a couple different times about test time intensity. And I imagine you’re referring to your APU customer, or any sort of complex chip like that, could you give us an idea of generation over generation, what sort of increase in intensity you are seeing?
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, so it depends really, it’s – it’s hard to get have a rule of thumb there, because first of all generation to generation, the devices themselves obviously get more complex and have more transistors. So, everything else being equal test time would go up generation to generation, there’s a good correlation between transistor count, and test time. However, now and then certain things happen to optimize the test methodology that could be some architectural thing in the tester that allows more efficient testing. So, you might find a generation where the device got more complex, but test time didn’t go up or it could be a test technique, or a quality issue that improved on the customer side. So, in general, with highly complex digital silicon, we kind of see that 10% to 20% natural migration in test time offset by some of these other onetime events.
David Duley: Finally, did you mention with your 10% customers where I can obviously guess who one is, but I was curious about who the other one was?
Mark Jagiela: No, we didn’t, we specifically won’t call that out in the quarter. However, at the end of the year in the 10-K, we will provide disclosure. And I just remind you that, customer buying patterns are what I would call a little lumpy. So, having a 10% customer in the quarter doesn’t surprise me, but we will provide that disclosure at the end of the year, should they be greater than 10% for the entire year.
David Duley: Can you help us out as far as end market goes or any sort of color?
Mark Jagiela: No, I don’t think we’re going to get into that. But if obviously this situation persists, we’ll be talking about it as we get into next year.
David Duley: Thank you.
Mark Jagiela: Okay, that's about wraps it up folks. Thank you for joining us. And as a reminder, if you have follow-up questions, please reach out to me directly.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Teradyne Q1 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Mr. Andy Blanchard, Vice President of Corporate Communications. Sir, you may begin.
Andy Blanchard: Thank you, Dan. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne’s most recent financial results. I am joined this morning by our CEO, Mark Jagiela and CFO, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks, we will provide details of our performance for 2019’s first quarter with our outlook for the second quarter of 2019 as well. The press release containing our first quarter results was issued last evening. We are providing slides on the investor page of the website that maybe helpful to you in following this discussion. Replays of this call will be available via the same page after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne’s results to differ materially from management’s current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in our earnings release as well as our most recent SEC filings. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today’s call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We have posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure where available on the Investor page of the website. Also, between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne will be participating in investor conferences hosted by Baird, BofA, Bernstein, Cowen, Stifel and UBS. Now, let’s get on to the rest of the agenda. First, Mark will comment on our recent results and the market conditions as we enter the second quarter. Greg will then offer more details on our quarterly results along with our guidance for the second quarter. We will then answer your questions. And this call is scheduled for 1 hour. Mark?
Mark Jagiela: Hello, everyone and thanks for joining us this morning. My prepared remarks will provide a summary of our recent results, describe current conditions in the markets we serve and provide an update on how we are looking at the full year. Greg will then take you through more details on the quarter. Our first quarter sales of $494 million and non-GAAP profits of $0.54 per share came in ahead of our January guidance. This was due to a few strong pockets of notable demand. First, image sensor tester sales were the highest on record as the proliferation of cameras and smartphones, automotive, industrial and security applications continues to expand rapidly. Second, semiconductor test capacity for devices used in 5G base stations and related infrastructure began to ramp. This was primarily for high-performance digital infrastructure processors and represents the very early phase of what is expected to be a multiyear ramp up capacity for a variety of 5G technologies. And third, in industrial automation, we saw the beginning of some large deployments of UR cobots at enterprise-level accounts in automated assembly applications. Elsewhere in semi test, aside from our one large account, demand for mobile device testing remains high and trending ahead of 2018 levels. At our large account, we expect another downtick in demand this year but overall in line with our annual guidance. Demand for RF test capacity for legacy standards is low, but interest in RF test capacity for next-generation ultra-wideband, WiFi and 5G standards is growing and should expand throughout the year. In analog test, after a record 2018 for our Eagle product line, shipments for the automotive, industrial and consumer markets cooled in the quarter and came in about as expected. We expanded our footprint in the high-powered discrete modular test with the acquisition of Lemsys early in the quarter, which strengthens our position in the electrification trends of vehicle, solar, wind and industrial applications. In the memory test side of the market, our sales were strong and level with the fourth quarter at $48 million. Demand was well distributed across flash package test and flash and DRAM wafer test, and we expect a slight uptick in Q2 driven by high-speed protocol test of flash devices. In wireless test at LitePoint, sales were down sequentially but up 29% compared with Q1 of 2018 as we’re seeing early step-ups in buying for ultra-wideband, WiFi 6 and 5G. In system test, sales were up both sequentially and year-on-year. The sequential increase was due primarily to growth in our hard disk drive test demand as test times for high-capacity drives continue to expand with density. In industrial automation, sales grew 35% from Q1 ‘18 driven by both UR robot growth of 16% in the quarter and the addition of MiR and Energid. Three points are noteworthy in these results. First, as noted earlier, we are beginning to see a mix of larger deployments of UR cobots. As we described in past calls, we’ve been increasing our sales investment at enterprise-level accounts, and it’s encouraging to see early results of this investment paying off. Following a 6 to 9-month period of evaluation, two of these large customers are now moving forward with deployments at a rate of dozens per month that should extend through the rest of the year. One of these customers is concentrated in China, and the other is geographically distributed. Second, the arsenal of certified products in our UR+ program continues to grow and uniquely reduces the application’s development time. We began the UR+ program in 2016 and by the end of 2017 had about 60 solutions available. 1 year later, it was over 130 solutions, and by the end of this year, we expect over 200. These products range from cameras to grippers to welders and screwdrivers and much more. A key part of our strategy is to push the competitive boundary in our price and hardware performance. Our UR+ playbook is very clear, provides a software and hardware platform to allow the development of a broad range of peripherals that are easy to deploy, reliable and have a short ROI. In doing so, we are able to leverage the talent of over 400 global UR+ partners to address more of the market than we could alone. This provides our customers with a range of solutions that gives them the flexibility to meet their immediate requirements and have the flexibility to redeploy our cobots to handle other tasks they may encounter. This is a significant distinction between UR and other emerging cobot competitors, large and small. Third, a year ago, MiR joined Teradyne, and we’re delighted with the results. After growing 163% last year, we are planning to about double again this year. Earlier this month, we introduced two significant new products to fuel this growth. One is a 1,000-kilogram payload, pallet-ready mobile robot, and the other is an AI-enabled camera that feeds into our fleet management software to provide better navigation. Think of it as a Waze-type augmented information system for mobile cobots where cameras monitor congestion points in a factory and use machine learning to classify and inform our fleet-wide navigation engine. This advanced warning system provides for increased navigation efficiency and safety. Shifting to our outlook, the market conditions we are seeing in both our test and IA businesses are essentially unchanged from what we saw at the start of the year. In Semi Test, our full year outlook for the SOC market remains in the $2.3 billion to $2.7 billion range, down about 17% from the midpoint of last year. In memory, given the well reported slowdown across the market, we are reducing our full year market estimate by about $50 million to $600 million to $700 million, down about 30% at the midpoint from 2018. Offsetting this, we expect LitePoint and our system test markets to be up about 10% from last year based on early-stage adoption of new wireless standards and a continuation of system test trends seen in Q1. In industrial automation, we continue to see some of the same headwinds that began to emerge last summer in China and in the automotive supply chain in general. Balancing those headwinds is an internal data showing accelerating monthly growth in IA shipments through March. For the full year, we’re keeping our IA growth projection at 35% to 40% and the longer-term rate at 30% to 40%. Summing things up, in test, the demand drivers of unit growth and device complexity remain in place across all of our test markets. For example, we’re beginning to see 5G-related test demand in both semi test and at LitePoint. Recall, when 5G-millimeter wave is adopted in mainstream handsets, we expect the test – related test volume to represent about $300 million to $400 million of the semi test TAM and about [Technical Difficulty]. We will be ramping to those levels over the next 3 years or so as deployments of 5G rollout globally. So despite year-to-year volatility, we remain very optimistic about the systemic sector growth in test. In IA, we have got a great product lineup that’s well aligned to global demographic, quality and economic trends, which we expect to drive high growth for years to come. Our next-generation intelligent automation capabilities are reshaping the nature of industrial activity worldwide. We are investing in these software-rich, technology-driven building blocks of the future because we believe we are very early in the transition from centralized, complex and costly automation, usable by only a small percentage of global manufacturers, toward a distributed, easy-to-implement, low cost automation that’s available to nearly all industrial companies regardless of their size or automation proficiency. In closing, I will note that as previously announced, Sanjay Mehta will join Teradyne as our next CFO effective tomorrow. Sanjay brings a wealth of experience in finance, the semiconductor industry and China operations to Teradyne. At the same time, Greg has served 18 years as Teradyne CFO and has been instrumental to our evolution as a company. This will be Greg’s last earnings call. So I will turn it over to him for details and final thoughts.
Greg Beecher: Thanks, Mark and good morning everyone. I will provide some key highlights, cover UR’s market advantage and longer term outlook and then I will move to the first quarter results and second quarter outlook. First though, our first quarter sales of $494 million and non-GAAP EPS of $0.54 came in slightly above the top end of our guidance and EPS was 20% above our year ago start. The EPS year-over-year improvement was principally due to favorable product mix and share buybacks offset somewhat by higher industrial automation OpEx, including having MiR and Energid in our 2019 first quarter results. Our second quarter guidance for sales of $520 million to $550 million, with non-GAAP EPS of $0.56 to $0.65 shows sequential 8% revenue and 12% non-GAAP EPS growth at the midpoint, that has us striking to similar first half sales with non-GAAP EPS up about 10% compared with a year ago. While there are pockets of semi test buying in support of 5G infrastructure and image sensor for handsets and security as Mark noted, annual semiconductor units are forecasted to be well under the 10% plus growth rate of the prior 2 years. So we are conservatively planning for a flat to slightly softer second half in semi test albeit with considerable uncertainty. Second half growth in industrial automation should fill the gap so that the first and second halves should be pretty symmetrical from a revenue and EPS perspective. Semi test volatility has been the norm for many years, so we long ago structured our operations with these swings in demand. For example, in the current decade, our non-GAAP operating profit rate has averaged 23% over the last 9 years and swung from a high of 28% in 2010 to a low of 18% in 2013. In the last 3 years, with industrial automation in the fold, we have averaged a 24% non-GAAP operating profit rate and $420 million in annual free cash flow. As a result, we don’t need to spend resources on judging where we are in a particular cycle; rather, we keep our focus on our midterm growth plan. As outlined last quarter, we set our sights on reaching $3.50 to $4 in EPS by 2022, which requires Test sales growth of 3% to 5% off of 2018 and Industrial Automation growth of 30% to 40% off 2018. We’re confident in both of these assumptions and are executing our plans accordingly despite the bumpy ride. Turning to industrial automation highlights, we had first quarter sales of $66 million or 35% growth over the first quarter of a year ago but down sequentially due to normal seasonality as distributors often buy a bit more in the fourth quarter to max out on available discounts. This typically does not affect second quarter sales buying, as fourth quarter buying is burned off by mid-first quarter. So although there were cyclical headwinds across global industrial markets, we see strong secular growth looking ahead. Universal Robots had a 60% gross margin this quarter, up from 51% in 2015 principally due to synergies from Teradyne, which I’ll touch on later. At UR, we continue to see very high interest from SMEs for existing applications such as machine tending and packaging, but we’re also encouraged by the large order sizes that Mark noted. This wave of demand is driven by high operator turnover rates along with ongoing pressure on labor costs. Another wave that we expect is bin picking, which has been referred to as the Holy Grail for manufacturers. Later this year, we plan to release a bin picking solution that combines UR’s easy-to-train model with Energid’s path-finding and motion-control software allowing for precise part placement after the pick. More on this in future calls. Turning now to MiR, which continues to be a standout performer, after the very successful launch of the MiR500 last year, MiR has just delivered an encore with its new MiR 1,000-kilo product introduced this month. These two heavier payload products can do much of the transport work of a traditional forklift but more safely and at a lower cost. They self-navigate and learn their environment, can be called or dispatched from a smartphone, tablet or fully automated through an ERP system. And they work seamlessly with their sister, AMRs and a fleet. MiR is targeting about $60 million of sales in 2019, up from $31 million for the full standalone year in 2018. Mark noted the key highlights in test, so I will note a few things that may help you in your full year modeling. In Semi Test, 2019 will likely be a year of digestion, with sales declining 5% to 10%. Highlighting the strength of our operating model, we expect this to deliver 20% plus operating margins. For the other test businesses, at LitePoint and system test combined, we expect annual revenue to grow 10% or more with profit growth of 20% plus from last year. Before I get to the financial details of the quarter, let me address some frequently asked questions on the cobot market size and Universal Robots market advantage. First, UR has just scratched the surface of the opportunity for cobots. We proved the industry has cumulatively sold about 60,000 cobots to date against an estimated opportunity of a few million given today’s cobot capabilities. New capabilities like bin picking expand the market by 50% or more, and there’s a nice pipeline of new solutions planned that will continue to drive the TAM higher in the years ahead. So, the next question is why isn’t it easy for competitors to gain traction in this growing market, too? First, as you might expect, the traditional robot companies seem to be focused on their large installed base customers who value compatibility with their high payload complex robots. It’s a very big challenge to leverage their platforms designed for automation experts into an easy-to-use or flexible cobot designed for shop floor level skillsets. UR, on the other hand, encapsulates that complexity and designs their cobots specifically for easy training and flexibility. That’s a hard thing to do. Further, traditional robot companies’ distribution doesn’t easily reach to SMEs and does not include an open ecosystem, which for us attracts many third-party developers and new applications. New entrants for cobot startups face some of the same design challenges in getting the product right and safety, repeatability, ease of use as well as building effective global distribution and partner ecosystem networks to meet the broad scope of customer applications. We are not confused that a potential market this big will attract competition, though. There are dozens of competitors today and more will likely enter and their capabilities will improve over time. The point is today they are not there yet, yet the path to commercial success in industrial markets is a difficult one, and significantly, we’re not standing still. So in line with the strategy Mark described, our UR focus remains on expanding our competitive moats and product flexibility, distribution to SMEs and large accounts and attracting even more third-party developers to our open platform. There will no doubt be ways of adoption over the next several years, including large companies deploying automation beyond individual plant manager investments as workforce demographics, quality requirements and cost pressures will be relentless forces driving more widespread cobot deployment. Regarding margins, our pricing remains very attractive for our customer ROI calculations, even against lower priced competitors, safety, repeatability, accuracy and reliability required to support industrial operations 24/7 remains a major competitive mode, especially for the new entrants. We also have significant cost advantages from volume buying and innovative flexion techniques. For example, since we acquired UR in 2015, we have taken down the bill time from 10 days to 1.5 days. This includes using our cobots in numerous assembly and calibration tasks. These production advantages and material cost savings have brought our UR gross margins up to 60%, about 9 points higher than when we acquired UR in 2015. An additional benefit of the shorter manufacturing cycle time is its significant production space freed up allowing us to operate with our current footprint through 2023. We also continue to build competitive moats with new software features, developing a vibrant ecosystem of UR+ accessories, advancing our distribution excellent with SMEs and large accounts and application breadth and expertise. Now moving to the details of the first quarter, our sales were $494 million. The non-GAAP operating profit rate was 22%, and non-GAAP EPS was $0.54. We had no 10% customer in the quarter, and gross margins were 58%. You will see our non-GAAP operating expenses were $179 million, up $4 million from the fourth quarter but less than the forecast primarily due to push-outs of semi test and OE expenses. Comparing our first quarter OpEx of $179 million versus the year ago period, it’s up by $14 million primarily due to the addition of MiR and further distribution and product development investments at UR. Semi test sales were $341 million in the first quarter, with SoC making up $293 million and memory test sales of $48 million in the quarter. Semi test service revenue totaled $78 million in the quarter. In industrial automation, sales were $66 million, a new first quarter record. Regionally, IA’s first quarter sales broke down 44% in Europe, 28% North America, 23% in Asia and 5% rest of world. System test sales were $58 million, and wireless test sales were $29 million in the first quarter. Let me move to a few GAAP items. First, we had a tax benefit of $15 million in the quarter due to a $26 million release of tax reserves based upon the successful completion of an IRS examination. We also adopted a new lease accounting standard, which added $51 million to our assets and a similar amount to our liabilities. This applies to operating leases greater than a year, which were previously disclosed in our footnotes. Regarding capital allocation, our balanced approach for 2019 includes $500 million targeted for buybacks, about $63 million for dividends and, of course, maintaining dry powder for selected industrial automation M&A. Cash and marketable securities declined in the quarter by $208 million to $997 million driven by that balanced capital allocation strategy, which included $156 million of share repurchases, $35 million for earnout payments tied to Universal Robots and MiR and $16 million of dividend payments. Turning now to the guidance for the second quarter, sales are expected to be between $520 million and $550 million, and the non-GAAP EPS range is $0.56 to $0.65 on 173 million diluted shares. Q2 guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles and the non-cash convertible debt interest. The second quarter gross margin should run at 58%, about flat with the first quarter and total OpEx should run from 34% to 36%. The operating profit rate at the midpoint of our second quarter guidance is about 23%. Let me quickly cover OpEx plans for 2019, which were essentially unchanged from our January call. We expect full year Test business OpEx spending to be about flat year-over-year, apart from normal variable compensation changes. In Industrial Automation, we expect to grow quarterly OpEx to the mid- to high-40s towards the end of the year, up from about $33 million in the fourth quarter of 2018. Notwithstanding our planned Industrial Automation investments, we expect us, I think, to achieve mid-teens operating profit rates for the full year. Shifting to taxes, our full year tax rate is expected to be about 16%, unchanged from our January estimate. So, now for my parting remarks, after 75 mostly enjoyable conference calls, I can safely say that Teradyne is the strongest it’s been in my tenure. Teradyne has test businesses expected to grow 3% to 5% annually on a trend line with strong growth and operating margins and the leading cobot arm in autonomous mobile robot platforms, which we expect to grow at a 30% to 40% rate annually through 2022. Teradyne generates significant free cash flow, has a strong balance sheet and has the capacity and capability to successfully make more Industrial Automation test moves. Teradyne will no doubt continue to be admired as both a leader in test equipment and one of the few companies who has successfully added a new growth platform with next-generation automation. With that, I will turn the call back to Andy and shortly, the reins over to Sanjay.
Andy Blanchard: Thanks, Greg. Daniel, we would now like to take some questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mehdi Hosseini with SIG. Your line is now open.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes, thanks for taking my questions. First one has to do with the 5G, Mark can you help us understand what are the specific opportunities like market segment, you referenced base station, but I want a bit to understand a specific content exposure that you have there? And I have a follow-up.
Mark Jagiela: Sure. So as you can imagine, right now, infrastructure is starting to rollout for 5G and 5G is a collection of technology, some of it is sub-6G, some of it is millimeter away. But predominantly at the moment, it’s China deployment of sub-6G infrastructure base stations. And inside those base stations, typically, there is a digital-rich network processing chips that we test and that’s been predominantly what’s driving this year’s strong growth in that segment for semi test. In conjunction with that, in the 5G world, there is going to be more small cells, more small base stations, so there is also infrastructure around the RF content on the towers. That drives a little bit of RF demand as well. But the big, big segment that really propels both semi test and LitePoint is when handsets and mainstream handsets adopt 5G millimeter wave. That’s still a couple of years away, but what I referred to earlier today is more this infrastructure.
Mehdi Hosseini: Got it. And one follow-up for Greg and we surely miss you in the next conference calls and please feel free to join us if you have a spare time, but the days of inventory is almost a near 2-year high. Can you help us understand what’s driving this? It’s been going up on a sequential basis for almost eight quarters.
Greg Beecher: Was it inventory you said, Mehdi?
Mehdi Hosseini: Days of inventory.
Greg Beecher: Days of inventory, okay. We are investing more inventory in our industrial automation businesses keeping the high growth. That inventory is on our balance sheet. In many of our other businesses, the inventory is off the balance sheet, because it’s the ship from our contract manufacturers, so you don’t see it. So, I would expect that inventory probably continued to increase a bit over time as those businesses grow and it remains on our balance sheet.
Mehdi Hosseini: Could this be an overhang or impact your future free cash flows?
Greg Beecher: No, I don’t think so. No, I think, if anything it helps our future free cash flows because it will be a source of cash when we liquidate it, but we do need to have inventory for these short cycle times industrial automation customers. The model has been 4 days, 3 days, 5 days, so we ship very quickly and we expect the demand to increase second and third quarter quite considerably.
Mehdi Hosseini: So is there a target of days of inventory that we could use to build a model, cash from operation and free cash flows?
Greg Beecher: We could try to do that offline. The tricky thing is there is different businesses who have inventory on the balance sheet and others don’t and sometimes new products are on the balance sheet and other times, they are not. So it’s a hodgepodge. We tend to look at inventory on and off the balance sheet. You can’t see that. You are only looking at inventory on the balance sheet, so you kind of have part of the puzzle. But maybe offline, Andy and I can try to do that with you.
Mehdi Hosseini: Got it. Thank you and best of luck again.
Greg Beecher: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question and good luck to Greg on his next adventure. First question on UR or actually on IA overall, for it to grow 35% to 40% this year implies a very steep ramp in the back half. I am estimating over 50% half-over-half ramp versus what’s been more like 25% to 30% growth in the second versus first half. So I am curious how is your visibility into that second half, what are the risks and opportunities to hit your target growth this year?
Greg Beecher: Okay. I think we outlined some of this last quarter that we do expect MiR to grow at about 100%. So that obviously gives – MiR is much smaller than Universal Robots, but that gives us a lift. And for us to hit the 35% to 40% – higher end of that 30% to 40% range we outlined, Universal Robots, we are looking at growing around 28%. So nothing has really changed there. So, the things that we are focused on, is we see – we could be at the early stages of some larger enterprises doing deployment that would affect both MiR and Universal Robots. We see there is demographic trends in our favor. We see there is a new product, MiR1000. So there is a number of items that we think will help us as the year unfolds, but we think the target we had is very credible and we are often raising.
Vivek Arya: Got it. Thanks. And as a follow-up on 5G, what specifically about 5G creates the demand for additional testers, like if you look at the 4G transition, what was that ramp like? And let’s assume next year, only 5% of the smartphone market transitions to 5G, what does that imply just conceptually? I know it’s early to guide next year, but what does that imply conceptually for the benefit to you from a test perspective?
Mark Jagiela: Okay. So we have said that 5G when it’s fully up and deploying globally, which is probably around 2021 or 2022, will add somewhere around $400 million to $500 million of buying to the market, our markets, test markets. Teradyne’s roughly 50% share in those segments, let’s say, so we would expect when it’s up and peaking, that’s the benefit we would see. But this penetration, the cell phones of millimeter wave is the key, the largest single portion of that $400 million to $500 million bump. That’s not likely to start to be meaningful until 2021 and beyond. So, next year’s 5G millimeter wave handset test additional revenue is handful tens of millions of dollars of impact probably out of that total.
Vivek Arya: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Brian Chin with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Brian Chin: Hi, good morning. Thanks for letting us ask a few questions and of course best wishes to you, Greg.
Greg Beecher: Thank you very much.
Brian Chin: Sure. First, just to confirm, did you say monthly UR sales in China has been picking up through March? And also should Q1 represent the trough then in terms of year-over-year growth momentum for UR? When do you expect larger cobot deployments to really hit their stride in terms of shipments and what does your current pipeline look like in terms of these larger scale enterprises and sorry for all the questions bunched up?
Mark Jagiela: Okay. Let me give you a few data points on that. So coming into 2019, we expected that Q1’s growth would be about where it turned out for UR, 16% or so. We saw throughout the quarter, January, February, March, month-over-month growth rate compared to ‘18 accelerate, started at about 4% and ended March at about 20%. That’s globally. One piece of encouraging news is that China has returned to growth in that mix. The second half of last year, China was pretty flat. But as I mentioned, one of these large enterprise deployments started late in the quarter, in Q1 in China. We expect that to run through the rest of the year. And there is other larger enterprise businesses in the mix in China that we expect to also mature. So the conviction is sort of based around the plan we had, we are kind of on the plan and the trend lines we see in China. If there is anything that’s still, I would say, somewhat soft, it’s automotive-related cobot deployments. The global automotive market is down a bit and we ship probably somewhere – I would say somewhere in the automotive supply chain, 30% some of our cobot sales are somehow related to automotive. So that has been – impacted us in U.S. and Europe and in China a bit, but we expect that to slowly unwind as we get toward the back half of the year as well.
Brian Chin: Okay, that’s really helpful. Maybe second, switching over to semis, in the past, I was wondering if you could take a stab maybe at the expected distribution of semi test revenue first half versus second half understanding that individual test markets are likely to vary quite a bit?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. I think as Greg said in his remarks, the semi test itself in the second half will probably be similar to where it was in the first perhaps down a bit. But our system test business, on the other hand and LitePoint business has been growing. So, if you look at test in the aggregate, the second half of the year is probably awash, maybe slightly up, could be slightly up from the first half. But as always, these test markets have been, especially Semi Test, very volatile and difficult to predict. We do not focus a lot of our marketing energy in trying to predict quarterly or even annual market sizes because it doesn’t affect our operational strategy. So, it’s more less a science and more judgment at this point.
Greg Beecher: I think the key thing is the Semi Test decline, which might be $50 million or $60 million or some number like that, we think, would be offset with Industrial Automation growth. That was what I was trying to say in my prepared remarks. And the second half will look similar.
Mark Jagiela: Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Toshiya Hari: Hi good morning and thanks for taking the question. Mark, you guys maintained your 2019 SOC TAM number, $2.5 billion at the midpoint. I just wanted to confirm what the puts and takes were within. I think you called out image sensors and 5G infrastructure on the positive side. It sounded like mobility or mobile hasn’t changed all that much since, 3 months ago and then maybe analog a little bit weaker. So, if you can talk about the pluses and minuses there, that would be helpful. And then related to that, can you remind us why you expect your business to be down about 10 percentage points less than the market? Thank you.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So again, things in the Semi Test SOC market really haven’t changed much. I would say that on the mobility side, it strengthened a bit. A lot of that benefit is coming to Teradyne, fortunately. So that’s one reason why the declines we expect in the market were a bit performing a bit better than that. The automotive market, in particular, I would say, if there’s a pocket, it softened more than we might have thought at the beginning of the year, it would be automotive. But that’s been offset, as you mentioned, by things like image sensor and 5G infrastructure. The other thing about 2018 compared to ‘19, the market size, there was we, in the last conference call, described some one-off events that occurred in 2018 that sort of drove the market to an unsustainable high. There were some large semiconductor companies that shifted from foundry A to foundry B that required a onetime retooling of test capacity of foundry B that doesn’t it’s not an annuity that then continues on next year. Turns out that wasn’t that segment has shifted, wasn’t a place we had a high concentration in, so that change affects our competitor more than us.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. And another quick follow-up on the UR side of the business. It was encouraging to learn about some of the growth you’re seeing from the large enterprises. But the 2 customers you mentioned, Mark, specifically, what sort of applications are the cobots used for at those 2 customers and I guess the implications for profitability for UR as demand from large enterprises continue to grow? Is it dilutive to gross margins? Is it pretty much the same? Any color there would be helpful. Thank you.
Greg Beecher: It’s Greg. I’ll take that. The profitability should be the same with these large customers. And so, these are both lighting companies, which is an interesting vertical. And there’s 4 different applications that our cobots will be doing. And there are the standard applications we do at other locations. And they’re having these companies are having difficulty with turnover as well as rising labor costs. So, they’ve strategically made the decision that they need to automate to have a better cost structure and responsiveness. And one thing we have talked about over a period of time is that there’s ways of adoption that will not be smooth. So, it’s encouraging we’re starting to see some very early signs of some large enterprise deployments. So, this is something we’ve had a keen eye towards. The other thing we’ve talked about is bin picking, which, well, we expect to have some deployments later this year. That may be more of a volume next year story, too. So, there are some waves from some of these new adoptions in addition to more ecosystem accessories into new verticals as well.
Toshiya Hari: Thanks Greg good luck.
Greg Beecher: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Pitzer with Crédit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Ada Menaker: Hi this is Ada calling in for John. You saw excellent gross margins in the quarter despite it being a lower revenue quarter. Can you maybe go over some of the puts and takes around gross margin through the remainder of the year?
Greg Beecher: Our gross margins over the last several years, as you might have noticed, have moved up 2, 3 points. We’ve done a very good job overall in our supply line group with material costs down and getting second sources where necessary. So that effort continues. And then with customers, they are getting advantages through the architectural advantages versus, versus lowering the price of a product. So, I think the last year or 2, we’ve done much better across the company in creating and capturing value at the gross margin line. So, I think gross margins are going to operate at this higher level. Last year, we were at about 58%. This year, we’ll probably be at 58% this year as well.
Ada Menaker: Great thank you so much. And can you maybe just provide some additional color on the trends you’re seeing in automotive and industrial in the test side of the business?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So, I think for trends, obviously, the aggregate volume of test capacity is down this year. In terms of what’s going on and looking forward, there’s a lot of activity around chip design for more autonomous driving and the electrification of vehicles. And so, there’s a lot of activity around new instrumentation and new test methodologies for this emerging technology. And that extends all the way up into the sort of heavier power electronic side of the automobile. So IGBT, silicon carbide, those kinds of technologies are also coming online. So, there’s a lot of design activity a lot of design and activity, but the aggregate volume is down. And with many of the major automotive manufacturers planning to produce EV vehicles starting with next year’s model year, there’ll be quite a few introductions, we expect the automotive market for test will return to growth next year.
Ada Menaker: Great thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from C.J. Muse with Evercore. Your line is now open.
C.J. Muse: Yes, good morning. And let me echo the thoughts, Greg. Congrats on all your time at Teradyne, and I wish you the best of luck as you move on to a professional ping-pong player. I think that’s a great move for you.
Greg Beecher: Thank you C.J.
C.J. Muse: You are welcome. First question on OpEx. You implied a midpoint of the guidance roughly $187 million, yet I believe you guided for full year OpEx flat. So, trying to understand how we should model OpEx off of that elevated Q2 going to the second half of the year.
Greg Beecher: Got it, C.J. What we’ve said, and maybe it wasn’t clear enough, is that Test will be flat, other than the Test OpEx can move around based upon variable compensation changes. If it’s a high sales or high profit year, there’s more OpEx. But what drives our OpEx up is in Industrial Automation, we continue to invest in those high-growth businesses. We talked about getting OpEx up to the mid-upper $40 million by the end of the year, so that is where the OpEx growth will be in 2019. Now in any one quarter, I should add, sometimes you can also have NROE from Semi Test that can increase it, but then it goes away the next quarter. But stepping back, it’s similar to last year. Our growth is Industrial Automation, and Test is flat other than variable comp.
C.J. Muse: So just a follow-up on that. So, despite implied top line guide of, I think, flat to down 2% based on your first half, second half commentary year-over-year, you’re assuming variable comp will move higher because that’s associated with IA.
Greg Beecher: No. Variable comp for the year will be lower, but we are investing in Industrial Automation, MiR and Universal Robots and Energid and this bin picking solution. So, there is more OpEx going into those 3 businesses, and that is the increase that we’re going to have this year. And it was similar to the increase we had last year and the year before if you go further back, which is Universal Robots. I would say for about 5 years in a row now, give or take a handful of million, Test OpEx has been flat, but it’s moved around with the variable comp. But we’ve been growing in Industrial Automation. So that’s the story. And we’re very disappointed in Test, and we have the infrastructure that can scale. We generally don’t need to add new locations or new engineering projects, generally speaking.
C.J. Muse: Excellent. And I guess as my follow-up, on the UR side, it’s a business that grew 14% year-over-year and I think you said growing 28% for the full year. Can you kind of walk through what rank order the key drivers of that uplift would be? Is it bin picking? Is it enterprise scale business? Other? How should we think about the moving parts that get that run rate up exiting the year?
Greg Beecher: Okay. Well, UR grew on a quarter basis, Q1 over Q1, grew about 16%. But why will it grow more going forward? Let me try to explain that. First, some of the cyclical headwinds we don’t think persist indefinitely that we’re seeing in auto, for example. Two, we see larger enterprises. This is the wave we talked about many times. At some point, larger enterprises will be forced to adopt cobots versus individual plant managers making small purchases. So, we’re starting to see a handful of accounts doing enterprise purchases, and those orders will start shipping later in the year. They haven’t shipped yet. Bin picking will start shipping later in the year, will be a bigger driver next year. Demographics is a big issue around the world. There aren’t enough workers. Inflation, quality, that’s also driving it. And then we have this ecosystem that keeps on finding new verticals to use an arm to solve a problem. Now we can’t forecast all those, but we see each quarter, there’s new applications coming from our ecosystem developers.
C.J. Muse: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Krish Sankar with Cowen and Company. Your line is now open.
Krish Sankar: Yes, hi thanks for taking my question. I have two of them. First one is on the LitePoint side. Would you say that WiFi 6 the vertical change from WiFi 5 to WiFi 6 is a bigger opportunity than 5G for LitePoint? Or is it vice versa? And along the same path, there are already 3 well-entrenched competitors on the 5G side, so do you think there’s still room for a fourth player like LitePoint to get in and gain some share in 5G? And then I have a follow-up.
Mark Jagiela: Okay. Good questions. So, first of all, WiFi 6 is a modest test intensity evolution of the WiFi standard. 5G, especially 5G millimeter wave, is dramatically more test intensive. So 5G will by far be more impactful to LitePoint than WiFi 6. WiFi 6 is beginning to happen now, so it’ll be sooner. But the big payoff is still 5G. And then with respect to the competitive environment, it’s been the case there’s been 4 principal competitors in this market for a decade. LitePoint’s true value proposition is production test, efficient, focused production test equipment, not R&D. The other providers tend to focus more on R&D and then try to fit their product into the production environment. So, I do think that same differentiation that LitePoint had that’s given them a 70% share of WiFi test, they’re now poised to increase their market penetration in cellular test in the 5G era. And it will be through that same mechanism whereas the lab equipment that’s out there today for development is coming from the other principal providers. As we get close to production, all the major chipset companies in the 5G space have adopted LitePoint as one of their potential and qualified production rollout providers. Again, when does that happen? Probably it’s 2021 is the mainstream 5G millimeter wave penetration into handsets.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Got it. That’s very helpful. And then as a follow-up on the automation side, these enterprise customer wins you got on cobots, are they typically sole sourced? In other words, now that you won them, is this a good like locked and loaded business for you for the next few years? And also, is there any cross-selling opportunity at the enterprise between MiR and cobots? And also, congrats to Greg on a great career at Teradyne. Thank you.
Greg Beecher: Okay. I’ll take that one. Thank you very much. We believe we will be the sole source for a number of years, or at least for this round of deployment, and we expect to stay in there thereafter for this is more of an enterprise deployment. And in one of these situations, they did look at a lower-cost indigenous company and concluded they were not reliable enough. But obviously, we have to deliver perform, but that looks good on these key wins. What was the...
Mark Jagiela: Cross-selling between MiR and UR.
Greg Beecher: Oh, cross-selling. There is a little bit more of that being discussed. I think in the future, you might see trade shows where there they might they’re ramped up in the same trade shows. You might see an arm on a mobile robot a bit more. So, there are some opportunities. But at the moment, we don’t want to combine the businesses in any formal way. MiR is operating with an earnout, so we don’t want to do anything that could disrupt that earnout and keep their focus away from achieving the maximum sales. So, I think longer term, there might be greater opportunities in that regard.
Mark Jagiela: And I just want to add one comment, a general comment about the cobot market. I think people there’s been a perception that the hardware around cobot is a commodity and the differentiation over time is going to be software-centric. But in fact, what we’re seeing today is building a reliable, industrial, 24/7 cobot to work in a high mixed torque moving mass around environment is very difficult. In fact, companies are failing because of the hardware. We’ve talked in the past about Rethink having an issue there. But some of our competitors have been binned out of these larger deployments because they have shown reliability problems after a couple of months of stress test. So that, it turns out, reliable hardware is still a significant differentiation for UR. And for the foreseeable future, we see that will be equally important in these large deployments as compared to some of the other benefits we’ve talked more about like UR+ and the ease of use.
Krish Sankar: Thanks Mark. Thanks Greg.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Sidney Ho: Thanks, I’ll add my congratulations to your retirement Greg, and you’ll be missed.
Greg Beecher: Thank you, Sidney.
Sidney Ho: Yes, so, my first question is on the wireless. You talked about expecting a downtick from your largest customer. Historically, is there still a time for an upsized surprise if they were to meet the same product launch window in September? And kind of related to that, would that customer no longer buy modems from Intel and now working with other suppliers, would that be a net positive for you in the long term? And do you expect that a onetime benefit because of that change in supplier?
Mark Jagiela: So, at this point in the year, there could be a little bit of upside, but it’s not likely. I think that’s the case on that subject. The advertised shift in buying dynamics in recent weeks is certainly, potentially a benefit. We do not certain pockets or certain suppliers, we’ve not had a historical position at in terms of test. But the way the wins are starting to blow now, that should accrue as an incremental benefit to Teradyne.
Sidney Ho: Okay. That’s helpful. Maybe moving on to sourced test, other than the part that’s related to longer test times, as you guys alluded to, are you starting to see some unit demand recovery in that area as well? And if I recall correctly, about 1 year and 1.5 years ago, this business had recorded that revenue doubled quarter-over-quarter. Can you remind us what that was related to? And is that something that will repeat in the future?
Greg Beecher: Sidney, the business has been lumpy. There are 2 customers we do cloud, 3.5-inch magnetic, and we do a system-level test for a semiconductor company. So, one or the other typically is buying, and they buy in lumps and consolidated purchases. And that can move us way up or below the $65 million a year revenue model that we said we established to hit model profit. More recently, the business looks much stronger. The hard disk drive customers coming back, buying in reasonable volumes. And then there’s opportunities for the other customers as well. So, I think for the next year or 2, that business looks like it has tailwinds.
Sidney Ho: Okay. Great. And maybe if I can squeeze in one, how much do you expect the Lemsys acquisition to contribute to Semi Test revenue in Q2?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. Lemsys is a small revenue company at this point. There’s more of a longer-term play here. So, revenues for the year last year, Lemsys’ revenues were below $10 million. So, it’s a smaller company, but there’s a longer-term upside.
Sidney Ho: Right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Your line is now open.
Timothy Arcuri: Well, Greg, I recall you were when you were named CFO, so I guess that makes us both pretty old, but I just wanted to say that you’ve done a great job. So, first thing.
Greg Beecher: Thank you very much Tim.
Timothy Arcuri: Great. And then I wanted to ask you about Industrial Automation. How much of the revenue today is in China in aggregate and how much do you think will be in China, let’s say, like a year from now?
Greg Beecher: We’re looking that up. It’s historically been just over 10%. But long term, we expect it to be in increasing percentage of Universal Robots sales long term. I think last year, maybe 12% or something like that?
Andy Blanchard: Yes, it was just under 15% last year, 12%, 13%, yes.
Greg Beecher: Yes. So, 12% to 13%, but long term, it could certainly be 20%.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay. And then with respect to no one’s really asked about your largest customer on the Semi Test side. And there’s a big obviously, they’re a big probably the biggest factor in your outlook as you look into next year. So now the time has gone on a bit, have you had any more information that would lead you to conclude whether there’s something structural that’s going on there or whether it’s just cyclical and that once all that test capacity is basically digested this year and if units are a bit better next year that you could see a snapback and that this is back to what it used to be? Thanks.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. I think there’s so many moving parts in that area that it’s very hard to forecast. I would expect that as the phones start to move into the 5G world, that’s going to be a balloon. But there’s other offsetting issues around unit volumes and other things that are hard for us to predict. I do think utilization is very high. New features are in the pipeline beyond 5G, and that this year, I would expect, should be a minimum that we get to. But in terms of any kind of quantification going forward, we’re really not in a position yet to know.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay, thanks.
Mark Jagiela: Okay, operator we have time to squeeze in just one more please.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Richard Eastman with Baird. Your line is now open.
Richard Eastman: Yes, thank you. Congrats again to Greg. Great career at Teradyne. Just my first question is just around there’s a commentary in the press release and I think it was Greg, you actually referenced it as well. But you talked about the mix favorable, the favorable mix and the lower operating expense. And I’m curious, the favorable mix doesn’t really show up in the gross margin. I mean I think you had guided towards a 58% gross margin for the quarter. Is what is the mix there, benefit that you referenced? Does it show up in the operating expense?
Greg Beecher: No. The mix, I think, in my comments was comparing Q1 of last year with Q1 of this year.
Richard Eastman: Okay. Not to the guide, okay.
Greg Beecher: Correct. So, I think that’s where you got off based with and the improvement year-over-year is about 3 points.
Richard Eastman: Okay. And then just around UR, just a couple of things in UR. One, at the revenue run rate that had delivered in the first quarter, what was the op profit margin in the first quarter for UR or just IA in general? And then also around bin picking, the application that you’re speaking to later this year and into next year, is that bin picking application in kind of targeted at the industrial SME market or is it targeted at the warehouse fulfillment center level?
Greg Beecher: Okay. I’ll we don’t normally break this out, but UR was this is usually lower UR’s lowest profitable quarter, but it was about 12%. We expect it to improve as the year unfolds. But in terms of the industrial bin picking application, we’re not thinking about it as an e-commerce type thing, picking up different objects from trays or bins. We’re thinking about it picking up the identical jumbled up pile of items in the bin that traditionally are used puts it in a conveyor belt or puts it in a machine for some processing. So, it’s an industrial application. And the key thing is to pick it up at the right post, to make it easy to develop a program, which we have this auto pilot technology that makes it very easy to develop the program and to place it at the right post so you don’t have to put it down again and pick it up and that waste time, and therefore, you won’t be able to do as many applications. So, we think we’ve got something that is a step-function change but it will be in beta shortly and then hopefully with some customers later in the year.
Richard Eastman: And these two enterprise agreements, the direct sale agreements, could you just tell us to the lighting companies, but what was the competitive advantage relative to I think you referenced an indigenous cobot manufacturer, but what was the competitive advantage to pick UR?
Greg Beecher: It was somewhat what Mark said, the incumbents often might have lower capital costs, but the product isn’t ready for 24/7 operations. And there’s a variety of things that go wrong. Sometimes, the product stops. Sometimes, it doesn’t repeat to the same location. Sometimes, it doesn’t have the right safety features. So, they’re not really ready for 24/7 industrial, safe, high repeatability, easy-to-program applications. We know they’re coming, but they’re not quite there yet is what we’re trying to describe.
Richard Eastman: Yes. So, it is hardware oriented. Okay.
Greg Beecher: Yes.
Andy Blanchard: Yes, we are out of time. Thanks for joining us today. This concludes the call, and it also concludes Greg’s CFO career. So, Greg, hang in there, buddy.
Greg Beecher: Thank you.
Mark Jagiela: Thank you all. Bye-bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This does conclude today’s program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-24 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tiffany, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Teradyne Q4 2018 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Andy Blanchard, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Andy Blanchard: Thank you, Tiffany. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our CEO, Mark Jagiela; and CFO, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for 2018's fourth quarter and full year, along with our outlook for the first quarter of 2019. The press release containing our fourth quarter results was issued last evening. We're providing slides on the Investor page of the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion. Replay of this call will be available via the same page after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release as well as our most recent SEC filings. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we'll make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We've posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures were available on the Investor Page of our website. Also, between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne will be participating in Investor Conferences hosted by Goldman Sachs, Citi and Susquehanna. Now let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, Mark will comment on our recent results and the market conditions as we enter the New Year. Greg will then offer more details on our quarterly and full year financial results along with our guidance for the first quarter. We'll then answer your questions and this call is scheduled for one hour. Mark?
Mark Jagiela: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Today I'll provide a quick summary of our fourth quarter and 2018 results, discuss our outlook for the quarter and year ahead and outline our latest thinking about the long-term growth trends in Industrial Automation. Greg will then take you through the financial results, our updated earnings model and our guidance for the first quarter. As you saw in last evening's press release, we had a very strong finish to the year with company sales up about 8% from the fourth quarter of 2017 and non-GAAP EPS up over 35%. These both exceeded the top end of our guidance as Eagle Test's analog and LitePoint's wireless sales were particularly strong on the revenue side and our EPS benefited from both higher sales and record gross margins. For the full year, despite a significant drop in sales to our largest customer, all other parts of the business showed strong results, bringing our sales to about $2.1 billion with non-GAAP EPS of $2.37 a share. Looking more closely at the results. I'll provide a high level summary of each segment and Greg will take you through the detailed numbers. Overall, Semi Test sales in Q4 were up about 8% from the year-ago quarter and SOC test sales were up nearly 18% on continued demand from analog, image sensor and high-performance SOC. In analog test, we had record Eagle Test shipments in both Q4 and for the full year. In addition to the continued expansion of automotive and industrial applications, smarter consumer products are also boosting analog sales. Applications like smart speakers, smarter appliances, home security, combined with the wireless connections they require, all drive increased analog content and increased test demand. Along with every clever complex SOC controller that find its way into these smart products comes a multitude of analog sensors, power managers, motor controllers, actuators, audio/video drivers and enhanced displays. In Memory Test, strong markets and new products resulted in our highest annual memory revenue in history. Our leading position in the flash final test market, combined with the successful product introduction and expansion into the wafer test segment of the memory market, delivered over 46% sales growth for a total of over $270 million in Memory Test revenue for the year. It's not only big growth that's driving the market. The trend toward even higher speed interfaces in both Flash and DRAM continues unabated. Combined, these trends drive more test complexity, more test seconds and higher rate of memory tester obsolescence. In 2019, we plan to continue to expand our wafer test share position and we plan to introduce a high-speed DRAM test version of our Magnum platform, giving us full coverage of the memory test market. Looking at 2019 for Semi Test, there are conflicting indicators at play, making forecasting difficult. On the one hand, we have not seen any indication of a broad pullback in demand from customers and the increased complexity trends and new design activity remains very high. On the other hand, we've seen three very strong years of test demand with market growth rates well-above our modeled 2% to 4% CAGR. We've also seen a pullback in the front-end CapEx spending that began last year. Taking these factors into account, in SOC Test, we expect the market to be in the $2.3 billion to $2.7 billion range. And for Memory Test, we expect the market to be in the $650 million to $750 million range. Both of these are down about 15% to 20% from 2018. While we also expect Teradyne Semi Test revenue to be down, we expect it to be down less than the market drop due to planned share gains in both memory and SOC, as well as secular buying shifts balanced in our favor. At LitePoint, Q4 sales were up 43% from last year's Q4 and up 18% for the full year. We are now entering the early stages of market growth driven by both new Wi-Fi standards and 5G. We're seeing early production test system buying for Wi-Fi 6 and we're having early success with our 5G-millimeter wave test products in the labs of leading silicon providers as they prepare for future production ramps. We expect continued market growth in 2019, driven mainly by wider deployment of these new connectivity standards with 5G production test growth becoming more meaningful in 2020 and 2021. In our System Test group, sales in the quarter were down from a year about a-third from last year's fourth quarter due to a very tough compare in the Storage Test business. As you recall, we received customer acceptance and recognized revenue for cumulative shipments of our new system level test product in that quarter last year. For the full year of 2018, the group grew sales by 12% and operated above model profitability. We expect another strong year from the group in 2019. Shifting to Industrial Automation, 2018 was an important year for IA at Teradyne. We added MiR to extend low-cost easy-to-train safe collaborative robots to the mobile robot market. Secondly, we added Energid and their team of motion control software experts to extend the bounds of addressable markets for UR's innovative arms. These extensions will begin hitting the market in 2019. Third, our UR+ open API platform continue to expand from about 60 to over 130 certified plug-and-play partner applications. Fourth, we expanded our product reach with major new product introductions at both UR and MiR, substantially expanded our global organizational capabilities and delivered another year of mid to upper teens operating profits. From a starting point of $42 million in sales in 2015, IA delivered over $0.25 billion of sales in 2018. Although annual revenue of $261 million was up 54% from 2017 it was about $20 million below our target for the year. Continued softness in China and in the automotive sector resulted in Universal Robots' growth rate of 38% for the year and 28% in the fourth quarter compared to the year-ago periods. We have not experienced any meaningful competitive headwinds but rather see economic slowdown and uncertainty weighing on UR growth. On the other hand, MiR both had a fantastic quarter and year, growing close to 200% in the quarter, compared to the year-ago quarter and over 150% growth annually on a pro forma basis. As we did in 2018, this year we will continue to increase investments in Teradyne's high-growth Industrial Automation businesses to widen and deepen the moats around our leading positions in fixed and mobile collaborative robots. Given the 38% growth rate for UR in 2018 and the likelihood that softness in China and automotive will persist in 2019, we are modeling IA growth in 2019 at about 35% to 40% and bringing our midterm IA growth model down to 30% to 40% range. This pushes out a $3.50 to $4 a share earnings target out about one year from 2021 to 2022. Greg will cover this in more detail. On the capital allocation front, we’ll continue to buy back shares in 2019 with a planned repurchase of at least $500 million in shares while maintaining the dividend at the current level. We also continue to actively look at a wide range of M&A opportunities, primarily centered around Industrial Automation. Before closing, I'd like to announce that after 18 years of transformative leadership as Teradyne's CFO, Greg Beecher is planning for his retirement and Teradyne is planning for a smooth transition. Greg has a very flexible time frame and will continue on as CFO as we run a succession process that includes both internal and external candidates. With that, I'll turn things over to Greg
Greg Beecher: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with the quick highlights of 2018 and then offer some comments on 2019 including our capital allocation plans. I'll also offer some perspective in our strategic position and the market trends at the business segment level and update you on the changes that we've made to our midterm financial model. And then I'll close with the fourth quarter results and first quarter outlook. On the 2018 financial highlights front, our $2.1 billion of sales and $2.37 in non-GAAP EPS was quite good. We grew EPS $0.03 over 2017, despite slightly lower sales and increased strategic investments in Industrial Automation where we grew OpEx over $50 million. This included folding in two acquisitions and further scaling our sales, support and development resources across the automation businesses. On the other side of EPS ledger, we picked up a point of gross margin, shaved our tax rate two points and reduced our diluted shares by 5%. So the net is a slight gain in EPS in a much stronger Industrial Automation strategic position. In 2018 we also achieved growth in all of our businesses except SOC Test, which experienced an off year due to lower mobility buying by a large customer. As expected, the highest annual growth was in our Industrial Automation segment, which includes Universal Robots MiR and Energid, where sales grew 54% to reach $261 million. Universal Robots saw annual growth of 38% reaching $234 million. As mark noted, this was below earlier expectations with strong headwinds in China and some slowdown in Tier 1 automotive buying. MiR, the industry leader in autonomous mobile robots grew full year sales over 150% to $31 million, up from $12 million in 2017. We recorded $24 million of those sales in our 2018 results as the MiR acquisition closed partly through 2018. Memory Test was a standout performer within Semi Test with sales growth of 46% to $273 million for the year and overall Memory Test market which exceeded about $950 million. Gross margin for the full year was 58%, a new company record. Favorable mix along with material cost reductions at UR drove this result. For example, our Industrial Automation gross margins expanded from 56% in 2017 to 59% in 2018. Teradyne supply line group continues to play a key role in both improving IA gross margins and our ability to scale up these fast-growing businesses. At the company level, we achieved a very healthy non-GAAP operating profit rate of 25% even with a significant expansion of our Industrial Automation portfolio and headcount. 2018 IA hiring which reached nearly 250 people help us extend our cobot product lead, develop for market more applications, cover larger accounts, generate more qualified leads and better support our channel partners. We also increased our stock buyback beyond our $750 million target to $823 million in 2018 buying back 22 million shares. Since the start of 2015 we've repurchased 50 million shares at an average price of $29.44. So apart from our healthy financial performance, we strengthened the company firstly like standing our served markets, adding new products and scaling our Industrial Automation businesses. I'll highlight these as I go through the segments. First in Semi Test, the expansion in memory wafer level test delivered nearly $40 million of new business in 2018. In SOC Test, we're seeing high demand for 5G-millimeter wave test capability from leading customers for development and early preproduction volumes. Shipping this year, we expect this 5G engineering test will position us quite nicely for the subsequent volume production starting in late 2020 and 2021. As Mark provided, our ATE market size estimates for 2019, I'll just simply add that in the midterm we see numerous positive trends for test with 5G-millimeter wave, autonomous vehicles, AI devices, augmented reality, Big Data. While we ride these positive inflections, we expect the market will remain somewhat volatile as manufacturers affect annual tester buying. These include chip complexity, unit growth, yields, customer-specific test strategies, utilization levels and so on. I remind you that this volatility is not new and we built our operating model to reflect up and down with market demand swings and still deliver solid financial performance. The other quick reminder in Semi Test is that annual buying shifts at individual customers can favor us or our principal competitor. In 2018, the shifts significantly favored our primary competitor. So for the first year after six consecutive years, we didn't gain share this year. However, our long-term plans remains to get back on that share gain trend-line. In Industrial Automation, MiR had expected 2018 breakout year with standalone sales of $41 million, as more industrial companies take advantage of our next-generation automation to move both piece parts and heavy pallets. We're also seeing some early hospital applications, moving medicine and supplies from stock rooms to nursing stations throughout the hospital. This is an entirely new vertical with the potential to grow nicely, given the increasing cost pressures on hospitals. On the new product front, the MiR500 was added to the product lineup and then the fourth quarter was autonomously moving pallets at multiple customers with greater safety and lower cost than the traditional forklift transport method. We expect that MiR will deliver upwards of 100% growth in 2019. Through 2018, Universal Robots grew at 56% cumulative rate from 2015 full year sales of $61 million. But for 2018 alone, growth slowed. We saw a sharp drop-off in China during the second half, along with some softness in Europe, principally tied to the automotive sector. On the competitive front, we extended our cobot lead with the e-Series, which enables faster training, higher safety, more compute power and a sense of touch. We also broadened our application reach, now fielding over 130 certified third-party plug-and-play accessories in our UR+ program. We'll continue to expand this number as we strengthen the technical and commercial support for the hundreds of independent developers in the program around the world. We're launching a number of new initiatives in 2019 to accelerate our lead generation and expand our direct customer touch, which should yield in the second half of the year. We also expect multiple waves of adoption ahead with larger companies gravitating to cobots. We also expect new enabling technologies, such as low-cost 3D vision and path planning to expand the cobot served market into more complex pick-and-place task. New applications using AI for training and fast adaptability and manipulating objects should also expand the range of cobot applications. In addition, we expect steady forces such as labor shortages, higher-quality requirements, cost pressures including inflation effects will continue to stimulate wider UR adoption. Shifting now to System Test, which includes our defense and aero, Production Board Test and Storage Test businesses. Sales grew 12% to $216 million over the 2017 levels and the segment operated above-model profitability. We expect strong performance again in 2019 as defense and aero continue to benefit from new program buying and the ongoing upgrade of legacy defense systems. In Production Board Test, we pioneered high-throughput in-line panel testing and that's now becoming more mainstream. In Storage Test, both our semiconductor and 3.5-inch hard disk drive customer are forecasting healthy 2019 demand. Turning now to Wireless Test demand at LitePoint. The group grew sales 18% and operated above-model profitability in 2018. Over the midterm, we expect continued healthy growth in Wireless Test with 5G cellular providing the biggest added lift. Now to the fourth quarter wrap up. At the company level, our sales for $520 million. The non-GAAP operating profit rate was 26%. And non-GAAP EPS was $0.63. We had no 10% customer in the fourth quarter and one for the full year. Non-GAAP gross margins were 60% in the quarter with favorable product mix. You will see our non-GAAP operating expenses were down $2 million to $175 million compared to the third quarter, due to lower variable compensation accruals and a one-time [Indiscernible] credit partially offset by IA hiring, principally from bringing on more than 20 very talented people from Rethink Robotics. The tax rate was 16% for the year on a GAAP basis we also benefited from a more favorable tax treatment for repatriated cash than we had expected. We bought back 7.8 million shares for $261 million at an average price of $33.51 in the quarter. And we end the year with cash and marketable security balances of $1.2 billion. We increased the IA earn-out accrual balance to $71 million, an increase in the quarter of $10 million based principally on strong MiR performance. Shifting now to our mid-term earnings model. Factoring in both recent history and our latest outlook, we've updated the earnings target of $3.50 to $4 of non-GAAP EPS to slip out a year into 2022 rather than 2021. We've provided an updated slide in our investor deck but at a high level we pulled back on UR's growth rate, and as said, the IA midterm growth rate of 30% to 40% going out through 2022. We've also reflected an 8% lower share count due to a lower buyback price in 2018 and we're also adding another year of buybacks by going out a year. So keep in mind that some of the numbers change as we're adding a year, but the takeaway should be that we're confident that our test businesses have secular growth and strong profitability and our high-growth IA businesses should be approaching $1 billion by 2022 with 20% or better EBIT. Shifting now to capital allocation. We're targeting to buy back $500 million of our stock in 2019. As in the past there's a problematic and an opportunistic component to the plan. At the same time, we have a very active IA M&A funnel, which is why we maintain dry powder on our balance sheet. Let me quickly talk about OpEx if that's an area that we are strategically growing in our Industrial Automation businesses to expand our competitive moats to remain the leader and capture the highest amount of the available profit pool. We plan to grow IA OpEx from $33 million exiting the fourth quarter to about $50 million a quarter in the second half of 2019. Similar to last year, we plan to operate the IA business around 15% EBIT for the year. And test we plan to keep OpEx approximately flat in 2019 apart from normal changes in variable compensation. Shifting to our outlook for the first quarter. Sales were expected to be between $460 million and $490 million. The non-GAAP EPS range is $0.39 to $0.47 and 177 million diluted shares. The first quarter guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles and the non-cash imputed interest on the convertible debt. First quarter gross margins are estimated at 58%, down two points from the fourth quarter due to product mix. The first quarter OpEx running at 38% to 40% of first quarter sales is up about $10 million from the fourth quarter due to further IA distribution and product development investments principally Universal Robots and some one-time Semi Test NRE expenses. The non-GAAP operating profit rate at the midpoint of our first quarter guidance is about 19%. Our tax rate for 2019 is estimated at about 16%. Looking a bit closer to 2019, we expect gross margins to be in the range of 57% to 58%. Non-GAAP interest income excluding the non-cash imputed interest from the convert is expected to be about $3 million a quarter factoring in interest income and our cash balances partially offset by the 1.25% annual coupon on the convertible debt. And we earmarked a $90 million to $110 million for CapEx. So we start 2019 with a portfolio of healthy test businesses and a much stronger Industrial Automation portfolio. We'll remain disciplined in capital allocation and in our fixed cost and our mature test businesses. We'll also aggressively scale Universal Robots and MiR given the long-term high-growth rates. Remember that we long ago led the automation of the testing of integrated circuits. Now, we're helping to relieve humans of the most tedious and repetitive task with safe and easy to train cobots. From where we sit, the future of Teradyne looks quite bright With that, I'll turn the call back to Andy.
Andy Blanchard: Thanks, Greg. Tiffany, now I would like to take some questions. And as a reminder, please limit yourself to one question and a follow up.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Vivek Arya: Thanks for taking my question and congratulations and best wishes to Greg on his retirement. For my first question, IA has been a very strong growth driver for you but over the last year, we have seen some downshifting of growth assumption. I understand the China aspect. But I believe you mentioned, China is only about 15% of sales if I recall. So what are the trends outside of China that are driving the demand? So that's the near-term question. And longer term, if IA growth is in the mid-30s right now, how do you plan to organically maintain this exact growth rate over the next three years? Thank you.
Mark Jagiela: Okay, I'll start with that. The other place that we mentioned that there's some near-term softness is in auto. The auto sector and Tier 1 have hit some headwinds and that's principally in Europe. What we're doing and what we can control is we see for example, enabling technologies that can open up new markets that haven't been served very well. And the best example I can quickly give you is with the Energid path planning and low-cost vision modules combined that with our arm. You can do more sophisticated pick-and-place applications all the way into a bin, emptying a bin out and then taking some part and moving it to the next step in the production line. There are many tedious task in manufacturing where people do that and it's not really suited for a person. It's mind-numbing and it's more of a robotic-type task. So we expect on that front to have a bin picking solution towards the end of this year through beta, so I think that we'll probably start to ramp in 2020. So that's not in 2019 that's in 2020. But that's illustrative of how we can with enabling technology open up another market. Another quick example I'll give you is MiR, our mobile robot which is growing 100% and that takes a little bit of -- and obviously helps us with the IA growth rate considerably. But MiR has opportunities to get into hospitals. And there's many hospitals in certain countries, in Asian countries that may be built and they're going to perhaps heavily automate those hospitals. So we see there might be other verticals that these next-generation technologies can work quite nicely because they're so easy to use. You don't need to be an engineer. So there's many new verticals. We have a lot of developers opening up other applications that we might not have thought about. So we're also shifting a bit more resources in North America. So if China is soft, there might be a little bit more activity elsewhere that's making up for some of the softness So we see some opportunities in North America in the near term And North America grew very nice last year, so we're going to continue to put the foot to the metal there.
Vivek Arya: Thanks. And for my follow-up. I think you mentioned for this year, the addressable market could be down 15%, 20%. I believe is the number and sort of in line with the front-end. But is that the experience from prior cycles? Because when I look at last year, Semi Test business was below what we saw on the front-end WFE side. So what does the visibility in the addressable opportunity this year? Thank you.
Mark Jagiela: Yes, this is for again Semi Test. So the visibility is not great. Again from a bottoms-up point of view, we have customers who talk about their plans, but they change – as they did last year on the upside, they can change dramatically to the year. But it's not really modeling prior downturns as much as looking at the bottoms-up activity levels and design and test time trends and what customers are telling us, that kind of give us that range.
Vivek Arya: All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with UBS. Your line is open.
Timothy Arcuri: Hi, guys. Thank you. I had two. Greg, the SOC TAM assumption that you gave, what does that assume for your largest customer? How much of a snapback are you assuming in that tail? Are you assuming that there's not much snapback this year and it's more of a next year thing? Thank you.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So our largest customer – this is Mark. Our largest customer in 2017 was roughly in the low 20s as a percentage of our overall revenue. 2018 largest customer is going to be in the low teens and we expect this year to be the same. So we think there's not a big snapback. It's about the same year-over-year for that customer.
Timothy Arcuri: Got it. Great. Thank you. And then, Greg, I guess just a question on IA OpEx. So with the slower and longer-term growth rate, how do you think about how to gear down OpEx? It seems like there's not that much of a change this year. But sort of what would it take for you to materially slow down IA OpEx as the growth over the longer term continues to slow? Thank you.
Greg Beecher: Well, that's a good question, Tim. The way we're running our Industrial Automation, particularly Universal Robots, less so MiR, because MiR is at high growth, at least for the next couple of years, is we're starting with a plan and we're putting a target of 15% operating profit with the understanding of the sales growth lower than let's say 28% or some number like that, that they had to meter the OpEx and not bring it all onboard. So we're going to adjust OpEx. Now as you know, OpEx can get in front of the sales. So if we get in front of the sales too much in the early half, we're going to have to hold back much more aggressively in the second half. So this will probably be the first year where there'll be a bit more pressure to prioritize, if we find that we're not – UR hitting 28% and I think we're going to hit 28% or that neighborhood. So we're metering it, is the answer in short.
Timothy Arcuri: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
John Pitzer: Yes. Good morning, guys. Thanks for letting me ask the question. Congratulations on the solid results in the difficult environment. Mark, just relative to your prepared comments, do you think your Semi Test business will do better than the overall market? To Tim's point, if you're not expecting a large snapback from the big customer, I guess, what are the puts and takes? How much better than the overall market do you think you can do? And I guess, I understand your comments about market share gains, but you also made a comment about secular buying patterns favoring you. Maybe you can elaborate on that as well as you answer the question. Thank you.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So there's a couple of things there. So last year there were several events, I would say, that benefited, as Greg mentioned, our competitor that didn't benefit us that we think will revert more to the mean in this year. So although our largest customer sort of flat year-over-year. For example, in 2018 there were some of our competitors' customer that made a shift in foundries and that required a one-time tooling bump at the new foundry or test equipment for that supplier. So that's a one-time effect that will revert back to the norm this year as an example. The other example is RF and 5G products that are starting to build momentum tend to favor us. That's a sector where we have high share, quite a bit above the norm. And as that grows in proportion to the overall market we will benefit disproportionately. So that's two examples.
John Pitzer: If the market's overall down 15 to 20, how much better do you think you can do?
Mark Jagiela: It's probably a range but we're not going to be immune to being down probably. But we could be in let's say somewhere in the five to low teens down.
John Pitzer: Perfect. And then maybe as my follow-up, just on the IA resetting of the growth rate in the midterm. I'm just kind of curious to what extent is that just a reflection of the macro uncertainty today versus other factors? Is it just as you went through 2018 the prior growth rate just didn't seem doable? Or is this really a reaction to the macro? And if it's not just a reaction to the macro, what are the puts and takes that are kind of having you bring down that growth rate a little bit?
Greg Beecher: John, I would say the single biggest thing is sort of the here and now, meaning the fourth quarter growth rate over fourth quarter -- a quarter ago was -- UR was 28%. Now the prior quarter was 46%, quarter before that was 45%. And for the year it’s 38%. So we just want to be a bit more cautious. And we don't want to be on the side of defending a high-growth rate. We'd rather be on the side of a very credible growth rate with possibly upside. That's how we thought about -- but I don't want to reset the model every year. We'd like to reset it now. And this model can stand the test of time we hope.
John Pitzer: Great. That’s from your outlook, but from a bottoms-up perspective, the opportunity you see today longer term is no different than six months ago?
Greg Beecher: Absolutely. The opportunity is incredibly large. We have no doubt it'll be a $1 billion business. It's a question of what year. I think we've talked about in the past, large companies tend to be slow in adopting. But at some point they're going to be forced to adapt to be competitive. If there's more jobs in higher-cost regions, the way they can do that is with automation. If it's inflation you need automation. So there's so many factors. There's demographics, worker shortages. So all the ingredients are there. It's just the adoption rate. What is the adoption rate? There's always ways of adoption. And as we bring new enabling technology that opens up other solutions, I think you're going to see other people jump onboard.
John Pitzer: Perfect. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini with SIG. Your line is open.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes, thanks for taking my question. But before I ask my question, I wish Greg the best and hopefully he changes his mind and stays onboard.
Greg Beecher: Thank you, Mehdi.
Mehdi Hosseini: Thank you. Over the past five, six years, your calendar year revenues were more weighted towards the first half, second half revenues will be down low teen compared to the first half. Last year was an anomaly. And in that context my first question is, how do you see the revenue progression throughout the year? Would 2019 be similar to the trends prior 2018? Or would it have its own unique trend?
Mark Jagiela: I think that part of the issue with 2018 was we didn't get the big second quarter bump, we typically got from the mobility tooling because of the large customer effect. And as Industrial Automation becomes a larger portion of our business, they tend to be bumping up in the fourth quarter. So over time, we're going to see, I think more of a shift toward the second half of the year because of IA. And one other point even in this last most recent quarter, LitePoint had a very strong second and half of the year. So IA, less lumpiness in mobility, I think will kind of start to balance out the full year more. It was a little bit of a trend towards fourth quarter bump.
Mehdi Hosseini: So how would it look like this year? Should second half be down less -- less or?
Greg Beecher: It's hard to be certain. But if we have to say the contour, it would probably more like 2018 than 2017 is how we think about it.
Mehdi Hosseini: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then just Mark going back to IA. We've all been going to the learning curve. You see Industrial Auto out there weak, but you're still able to grow the business, now granted at a lower growth rate. So can you just maybe help us understand, how this growth rate the secular nature of it is defying the overall Industrial Auto that is very weak out there? And I look at industrial laser is very weak But what is it with IA that still enables you to grow? And in that context, is it a replacement? What is it that hasn't really filled a meaningful slowdown now granted the slower growth rate?
Greg Beecher: Right. So first of all I'll just contrast. There's traditional Industrial Automation that is tightly, tightly tied to macroeconomic effects The segment we're in which is emerging and still although quite small and growing rapidly, although not immune from because we talked about automotive in China has such a vast ROI opportunity set ahead of it that it's really not going to be subject to the strong macroeconomic effects. So for example, we're talking about $260 million of IA revenue last year for cobots both mobile and fixed. When we look at the bottoms-up analytics of how many opportunities there are out there in small, medium and large enterprises to achieve automation using our products with ROIs well under 18 months and in most cases under a year, we're talking about 10s of billions of dollars of opportunities today with capabilities of today's cobot. When you add some of the new capabilities that Greg alluded to around vision, the ability to pick pieces out of bins without human interaction that doubles. So we see this opportunity set of $100 billion, of which $260 million-ish has been tapped. That's what gives us the confidence. And that's the overarching sort of pull for the product that will not be immune to macroeconomic effects but will over the long term certainly run the growth rate well above the mean.
Mehdi Hosseini: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse with Evercore. Your line is open.
C.J. Muse: Yes. Good morning. And I guess, let me echo the thoughts. Greg, definitely we'll miss you. And thanks for everything. I guess, first question on the IA side, I just want to confirm, in terms of the growth rate of 35%, 40% for calendar 2019, that is off of pro forma of 269. Not what you recognized in 261? And the second part of the question, how should I think about the linearity of the business, first half versus second half? I would assume the growth rate year-on-year would be slower first half, given the uncertainty we're seeing out of China?
Greg Beecher: Hey, C.J., it's Greg. Thank you for your nice comment. Its 261, so it is the actual, not the pro forma, just to clarify that first point.
C.J. Muse: Okay 
Greg Beecher: Okay. And then the growth rate does pickup in the second quarter. And similar to last year's second and third are kind of similar. And then, this is our estimate in fourth quarter, we have our strongest quarter, so it does pick up through the year.
C.J. Muse: Okay, great. And then, I guess if you think about overall business trends, you put up a very stellar gross margin in the December quarter. Were there any one-time sort of issues to think about there? Or how should we think about the trajectory for gross margins into calendar 2019?
Greg Beecher: C.J. there were no one-time things. We had – we didn't have a large customer buying which pull margins down, so we have for more favorable mix. But our supply line group has done a lot of work with Universal Robots, and starting with MiR next, to get better supply arrangements, tool sources, lower material cost. So I think it's a good pick shovel work that has improved the company's P&L. If you go back several years, we were 54% to 56% gross margin year-after-year. So we've really moved it up a couple of points. So it's good performance. And we're going to continue to work on the material cost down and try to get more. But sometimes when we get more, it ends up going back to the customer in competitive shoot-up. So we're still glad that we got the more, so we can at least pull through margins where we are.
C.J. Muse: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Atif Malik with Citi. Your line is open.
Atif Malik: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions and Greg, congratulations on a stellar career. First question, Mark, can you remind us what is your market share in the memory market today? And what your aspirations will be with the launch of the high-speed DRAM tester this year?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. That's a good question. So 2018, roughly 29% market share in Memory Test. That was the beginning of penetrating wafer test in 2018. So in 2019 we expect to bring that up to sort of 33% in that range. And then in the midterm we can get to 40%, with the introduction of this high-speed DRAM package tester as well as continued expansion of the wafer test.
Atif Malik: Okay. And then, I'm really encouraged by the growth you're seeing in the Wireless Test market. Can you tell us what's your 5G sales percentage is off the Wireless Test sales? And where do you see it going? And the reason I'm asking that is, we're seeing a pretty substantial growth in 5G-related equipment sales at Anritsu and Keysight. Thank you.
Greg Beecher: The wireless businesses here, we have gotten some 5G key strategic designing business. They are less about the dollars, it's more about we're in the key chipset players. And, therefore, when it does go to production in 2021 or thereabouts, we've got the best position because we're the best in production. So we're a little less focused on the dollars, but its millions of dollars we've gotten in 5G. We have had very good business from other standards and in Wireless Test there's a plethora of new technologies, new standards. There's multiple even in 5G technologies. There's WiFi 6 coming. So we've talked about LitePoint being in low and having pretty good financial performance for being in the low, having good profits and good gross margins. I suspect for the next several years, LitePoint is going to be tailwinds at their back after having headwinds for three years or so with all these new standards coming out and you need new testers for these new standards, and LitePoint is the leader in production. So I think LitePoint puts us in great spot for the next several years.
Atif Malik: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Chin with Stifel. Your line is open.
Brian Chin: Hi, good morning. I have a few questions. But first congratulations on a strong finish to the year and an early congratulations to Greg on his grand retirement.
Greg Beecher: Thank you.
Brian Chin: First -- sure. First I had a question on Industrial Automation. In terms of the new long-term growth rate you are clearly the market leader in this space. But I can make the counterintuitive argument here that you would benefit from the emergence of another good competitor, which to date hasn't materialized. And by that I mean it's a lot for you all to have to shoulder the load virtually alone in terms of marketing, training and the development of future collaborative robot applications. Would be interested to get your perspective on that?
Mark Jagiela: Well, I think I would never directly wish for that. But you have -- there's a bit of truth to what you're saying. We are developing the market in terms of creating market awareness and creating demand, a latent demand that's out there, but there's no precedent here to ride on. Now early in the cobot era, the company Rethink Robotics that recently folded, led some of the evangelism around the cobot market that UR rode those curtails and then surpassed them dramatically. And we're at the tip of the spear now blazing that trail. And it is one of the principal challenges we have it's awareness, it’s market awareness delivers growth. All that being said we're working on a lot of things this year to enhance that. Our lead generation capabilities are developing rapidly. And we're not going to wait for a competitor to do that work for us. We’re actually step a lot of the OpEx that Greg’s talked about here is towards that end.
Brian Chin: Sure. That's helpful. I have one question on the Wireless Test as well, but just a Part B, just IA. In terms of that 35% to 40% growth in 2019, what does that imply for UR growth? And then let me ask the Wireless Test question and then you can answer that. It was $1 billion TAM over this decade. It sounds like some 5G cellular starting to kick in a little bit in 2019, but that's really a 2020 probably go-forward. What could that TAM go to at least $500 million, $600 million and maybe higher? What is the reasonable expectation for LitePoint market share?
Greg Beecher: Got it. Okay, starting with the first question. What was the first question?
Mark Jagiela: The UR component 
Greg Beecher: UR component…
Mark Jagiela: You see why he’s going to retire.
Greg Beecher: It’s a good question. In the 35% to 40% growth, UR would be about 28% because MiR is about 100% growth, so MiR is helping YOUR. And keep in mind 28% is probably the lowest growth rate UR has ever had and that was the quarter from Q3 to Q4. That's a very short time period. So we think we've got UR in at a reasonable and maybe cautious level but there are some uncertainties ahead in the next quarter or two.
Mark Jagiela: 5G TAM 
Greg Beecher: Yes. 5G TAM, there's a couple of pieces to it. LitePoint, we think starting in 2021, there's a little bit of activity prior 10s of millions. But the TAM for LitePoint is probably $100 million to $150 million higher for several years starting in 2021. This is a production portion for 5G. And then in the Semi, when you put it all together it's probably $300 million to $400 million. That includes $100 million to $200 million for the RFPs and the data processing piece makes up the balance to make $300 million to $400 million. And our share is quite is very healthy in Semi. We probably get half of that. And then in LitePoint that's – will be determined. We're not big players in 4G but we're early in 5G and we're working with a number of the key set -- key chipset players so we expect to have meaningful share in our 5G cellular at LitePoint. And it's also multiple standards at LitePoint. There's 6G coming first and millimeter wave coming later.
Brian Chin: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar with Cowen. Your line is open.
Krish Sankar: Hi. Thanks for taking my question and congrats, Greg on a great career. I have two questions. Number one is on the Memory Test market, if I look at your commentary, is it fair to assume that Memory Test this year is going to be down about 25% but your revenues in memory might be down only 10%? Just wanted to check if the math is right.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. The market itself last year have finished in the $900 million to $1 billion. We'll sort it out in the next few months as to what it really was. But yes, so the market is going to be in that sort of phenomenally $700 million range. It's down 20, low 20s. I think we will be down much, much less than that and because of the share gains we picked up. So roughly the math you've done is right.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Got it. Thank you. And then follow-up on IA. It looks like bin picking seems to be the next big killer app for cobots. And it seems like you guys have been bin picking beta solution coming out later this year. And you've spoken about in the past about a 2020 ramp with that. Is that – are you seeing any indication from customers that this is going to be a pretty steep ramp next year? And what are the main industry or the main verticals driving this bin picking uptick? Thank you.
Greg Beecher: Bin picking, if you look at the number of people that are doing these tedious mind-numbing bin picking tasks, it's both the number of all other tasks. It's a very high number of tasks. Now the first bin picking machine or solution we're going to provide is going to be able to do much more than any other bin picking machine because it has half planning in it, so it can pick the option at the right post, doesn’t have to put it down again. There's more likely to be able to empty a bin and play some powerful positions. So it's going to be a step function above what's available today Now it'll take time to train the distributors and the integrators so there's a rollout period that'll take time. There might be some parts whether they're too shiny or they have a odd configuration that we may not go after right away. But it's a very large market that I suspect is going to be a beginning of a multiyear large wave of bin picking and probably new advance grippers developed by some for the capability that we're providing. But we're excited about it because we saw this many years ago as an enormous untapped market that was hard to get to. And with Energid, that was the missing piece. And low-cost vision modules have come to market. So the pieces are there. Now to do it – now we're just finishing up the user interface and making sure it all works seamlessly at the right speed and so forth. So very excited about it and I think you'll see 2019, the beginning of early part of that wave. I'm sorry, 2020.
Krish Sankar: Thanks folks. Thank you very much. And congrats, Greg.
Greg Beecher: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Eastman with Baird. Your line is open.
Richard Eastman: Yes. Mark, could you maybe – and maybe you provided this, but could just speak to where the SOC Test market ended up in 2018?
Mark Jagiela: In terms of size of the market? Yes. Again, like memory, we're still a few months away from having final numbers on that. But our estimate, it's in the $2.9 billion to $3 billion range, is how it ended.
Richard Eastman: Okay. And then just a question, we were seeing some of the analog chip vendors kind of throw off warning flags as well, kind of, SD, Microtek, TI. And I'm curious, as you look out to 2019, I've got this 2.3 to 2.7 was kind of your estimate for the market. But I'm curious, the shift in the marketplace, how do you see that playing out? Does analog stay stronger? Or mobility, obviously, I think you kind of suggested, might be flattish or down a little bit. But I'm just curious how you think the pieces within the marketplace, where the strength might lie, where the risk might be?
Mark Jagiela: Okay. Yes. So I think, let's start with mobility, because it's the biggest piece of the market still. So in 2019 mobility, I think, will be down a little bit, because of some of the one-time effects I alluded to earlier. I think our business will be roughly flat year-over-year, but the market itself could come down a couple hundred million, because some of this one-time tooling that occurred in 2018 around some foundry shifts.
Richard Eastman: Okay.
Mark Jagiela: So that's a significant part of that reduction. The automotive and linear I think are going to be pretty – from what I can tell today, linear could be off of this sort of all-time high it was in 2018, but not much. It may be certainly 10% or less is what it would look like in the model. And automotive look still pretty healthy, so flattish. So that leaves other areas such as PC-related, GPU, cloud-related things and that should be down in that sort of 10%, 15%, 20% range. So we add those up because of the $200 million-ish drop in mobility, because of these one-time effects, that's how you get to the TAM.
Richard Eastman: I see. Okay, okay. That's really helpful. And then just one last question around the IA business. What acquisition prospects look like there? Is there still a healthy pipeline in the software? Or maybe just characterize that a little bit perhaps, Greg.
Greg Beecher: It's a incredibly healthy pipeline. This is a space where there's many start-ups. It's a whole new Greenfield, so there's next-generation technology. There's a number of software players. It's hard to synthesize precisely what's out there. But what we see is, companies that can fit with our next-generation automation that is automating tedious task. There's other pieces that could fit into our portfolio. But I'll add there's nothing we need and what I'm really excited about is in some of our products, you take MiR this year, MiR has expanded into the MiR500, so they've expanded their product line into heavier payload. They've also expanded into hospitals. Now the more we can take our existing products and get into new markets or submarkets that's probably the highest ROI. But there very well may be some other nice pieces, another Energid is possible. The path planning should open up bin picking. That's more of an emerging technology that no one else had. Vision was available. We weren't going into the vision. So there's other – it’s a little bit of the chess game. There's other pieces that may be possible that we buy them and accelerate them or we just work with them as a partner. There's a lot of that work going on our BDL group to try to figure out what's the next best chess move to make.
Richard Eastman: And mostly again from your comments this is around expanding applications a little bit more software it's not a lot of hardware that you're really looking at?
Greg Beecher: Correct, correct.
Richard Eastman: Thank you. And best of luck, Greg. Thank you.
Greg Beecher: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Toshiya Hari: Great. Thanks so much for taking the question. I had a follow-up question on your analog test business. Mark, you talked about the upside you saw in Q4 and the strength you saw throughout 2018 as it relates to Eagle Test. How should we reconcile that commentary with some of the trends that your customers are speaking to in terms of weakness in the near term? Is it the complexity dynamic offsetting the weakness? Or is it timing? Or is it a little bit of both? How should we think about that?
Mark Jagiela: I think it's timing. In terms of the recent commentary, the effects of that is -- to the magnitude and the effects of that would be, we're probably still three months away. But in 2018, the unit and complexity growth both were very encouraging. And things like unit growth could tempered here, complexity growth I don't think is abating whatsoever. So the recent quarterly announcements from some of the key analog players if in fact was in effect that we're going to feel from that is probably yet to be -- it's probably in second quarter.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. And then my follow-up was on long-term gross margins. You guys came in at 58% in 2018. You're guiding long-term gross margins, I guess kind of stay where they are today in the 57%, 58% range. It feels like you guys continue to make progress in terms of improving gross margins at UR. You talked about I guess outside of MiR. I think LitePoint, which has a nice trajectory historically has had very nice gross margins when things were good. So I guess the question is, is 57% to 58% more of a conservative target? Or are there kind of minuses that I'm not aware of? Thank you.
Greg Beecher: There aren't minuses right now that we have in mind. There is, I'll say there's more new accounts in Semi Test around AI [ph] that is a whole new battlefield that'll jump off. But I think what I had in mind when I put those numbers in is in Universal Robots there's going to be very large customers buying cobots in some volume. And I expect when that happens there'll be better competition we'll be up against. And we'll be competing for kind of the design in for the next 100, 500 or some higher number of cobots. And that's what I'm thinking that while we’ll get material cost down, some of it will be diminished by some of the large account negotiations.
Toshiya Hari: Got it. Thank you.
Andy Blanchard: And operator, we can sneak in just one last question please.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Thomas Diffely with D.A. Davidson. Your line is open.
Thomas Diffely: Yes. Good morning. I like to ask one more question on the memory side. I guess in general, what percentage of the DRAM test market is high speed maker today? And it sounds like speed has gone up across-the-board to become a bigger part of that market going forward so just your views on the high speed part of DRAM?
Greg Beecher: It does shift year-to-year quite a bit depending on the pricing of the commodities our memory manufacturers going to shift investments toward NAND or for toward DRAM. But I would say as a general rule of thumb, the final test of DRAM is about 20-ish percent of the overall Memory Test market.
Thomas Diffely: And then the high-speed portion of that versus commodity DRAM?
Mark Jagiela: Most of it in terms of new investment it's high speed. For sort of commodity old-school DRAM, there's not a lot of capacity expansion. Old-generation equipment can sort of the waterfall back there. So anything being bought tends to be for high speed.
Thomas Diffely: Okay, great. And then finally when you look at the NAND market or I should say the hybrid market with things like cross-point, what type of tester do you need for that market? And is that changing over time as well?
Mark Jagiela: I'd say, one of the things we've seen in memories and flash, especially and sort of derivatives of flash is a lot of diversity in the protocols of I/O. The internal sales structure and such aren't significant in the impact to the tester but the I/O protocols are. And the products that we've developed for flash, the thing that's allowed them to be so successful is how quickly we can adapt them for these higher and higher-speed emerging protocols so that applies not to the cross-point type products and all these products.
Thomas Diffely: Okay. Thank you.
Mark Jagiela: All right, well, great Thank you everybody and we look forward to talking to you in the days and weeks ahead. This concludes the call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc. Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc. Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.
Analysts: Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Atif Malik - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. C. J. Muse - Evercore ISI Timothy Arcuri - UBS Securities LLC John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Krish Sankar - Cowen and Company, LLC Weston David Twigg - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Patrick J Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. David A. Duley - Steelhead Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Michelle, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Teradyne Q3 2018 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call over to Andrew Blanchard, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc.: Thank you, Michelle. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined by our CEO, Mark Jagiela; and Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher. The press release containing our third quarter results was issued last evening and we are providing slides on the Investor page of the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion. Replays of this call will be available via the same page after the call concludes. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the safe harbor statement contained in the earnings release as well as our most recent SEC filings. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We've posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, where available, on the investor page of the website. Also, between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne will be participating in investor conferences hosted by UBS, Baird, Credit Suisse and Goldman Sachs. Now, let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, Mark will comment on our recent results, current market conditions and outlook for the year. Greg will then offer more details on our quarterly financial results, followed by guidance for the fourth quarter. We'll then answer your questions, and this call is scheduled for one hour. Mark?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. As you saw in the release, we had a great third quarter with earnings above our guidance and we expect a strong fourth quarter as well. Today, I'm going to cover the third quarter and year-to-date highlights, provide a framework for looking at our midterm plan, and update you on our capital allocation strategy. Greg will then give you a rundown on our financial performance, Q4 guidance, and provide some additional color on accomplishments year-to-date. In Q3, across the company, we saw a continuation of the 2018 positive trends we've described in earlier calls, as organic sales grew 11% and overall sales grew 13% year-over-year. In Semiconductor Test, we saw strong demand in nearly all end markets. In SOC, Eagle analog tester sales in the quarter were especially notable, coming in over a third higher than a year ago level and up over 20% through the first nine months of the year. This was driven by expanding analog demand for both automotive and industrial markets. We also had strong demand in the quarter for image sensor testers due to their continued expansion in both smartphone and automotive applications. RF tester demand was also ticking up, driven by next-generation mobile network devices with higher complexity than earlier products. This broad strength translates into a 2018 SOC market size that will likely exceed our earlier $2.4 billion estimate and end up in the $2.6 billion to $2.7 billion range. In memory, much has been written in the press about slowing frontend equipment investments, but to date, we have not seen any impact on our memory test business. Our memory shipments in the quarter grew 30% sequentially, and through nine months, totaled $226 million, up 87% compared to 2017. The aggressive adoption of higher-speed interfaces for smartphones and our Magnum product differentiation at package and now wafer test have provided a solid foundation to our growing memory business. At this point, our outlook for the memory in the fourth quarter looks strong and we expect the memory test market to end up between $900 million to $1 billion for the year. Our Industrial Automation businesses continue to grow nicely in the quarter. Universal Robots grew 46% in the third quarter compared with a year ago quarter and is up 42% for the nine months – of first nine months of the year. I will note, however, that UR sales growth in China has slowed due to economic uncertainty at Chinese manufacturers caused by trade and tariff disputes. Excluding China, UR sales grew 54% in Q3 compared to Q3 of 2017. Primarily as a result of this, we expect UR's 2018 full year growth to be in the 40% to 45% range, down from our earlier estimate of 50%. We have not seen any similar slowdown in any of our Semiconductor or Electronic Test businesses in China. A key part of UR's long-term success is predicated on the expanding ecosystem of UR+, creating the broadest range of plug-and-play peripherals in the industry. We now have over 100 certified products in our UR+ program, and a rich pipeline of products undergoing certification and development. UR+ enables innovation at the edge, our partners' hardware and software add-ons and creativity take UR's cobots into applications much faster and more efficiently than we could do on our own. An interesting example of a recently certified UR+ application is an easy-to-train 2D vision application developed by Cognex and demonstrated at the recent IMTS trade show. This solution integrates natively into the UR software via our open API and guides users through two of the main challenges in vision-guided robotics, establishing the coordinated communication between the two systems and performing hand-to-eye coordination. This solution is applicable to a wide range of 2D pick-and-place tasks. Another recently certified UR+ solution is Boston-based Soft Robotics Development of a gripper aimed at handling delicate and easily damaged objects. Tight integration with our UR software delivers human-hand dexterity, adjusting grip force in real time, allowing the easy grasping of products from small bottles to soft sponges. MiR's revenues grew to nearly $7 million in the quarter and were on track for 100% to 150% year-over-year growth at MiR on a pro forma basis. The recently introduced 500 kilogram payload, MiR500, begin shipping in Q4, opening new markets for our mobile collaborative platform. In Wireless Test, LitePoint has seen very early signs of sales growth tied to the next-generation wireless standards. Sales of $34 million were up 11% from a year ago quarter, and through nine months are up 10%. System Test, with sales of $50 million in the quarter and $162 million through nine months, will deliver high single-digit revenue growth for the full year, its second consecutive year of growth, with strong above-model earnings. We expect to see similar market conditions in 2019 as seen at this year. Shifting to our midterm view, we expect the Industrial Automation segment, UR, MiR and Energid, to collectively grow at 50% to 55% through 2021, in line with our earnings model. The China market remains a bit of a wild card, where the economic uncertainty of tariffs and trade disputes could temporarily weigh down demand. However, a pause in China should eventually be met with growth in other regions, as manufacturing realignment likely mitigates the impact of tariffs. As noted in earlier calls, we expect cobot automation adoption to move in waves as new technologies enable broader capabilities, followed by digestion before the next wave hits. So as we've seen this year, we expect quarterly variation around the long-term trend line of growth. Shifting to the Semiconductor Test outlook, our midterm view is rounded by several global trends. First, semiconductors will continue to be the engine of progress across the global economy. Whether we focus on transportation, entertainment, healthcare, scientific exploration, e-commerce or education, all are dependent on the power of silicon. We expect the combination of traditional lithography-based scaling to continue, albeit at a slower rate than in the past, while scaling through advanced packaging will grow. Together, these trends will provide the economics to drive semiconductor demand, as chips provide the least expensive way to deliver meaningful product differentiation and drive consumer upgrade cycles. New features and new capabilities increase chip complexity and chip test times grow, which drives our test market. At the market level, 5G cellular, AI-powered smart devices, autonomous vehicles and datacenter demands are driving a growing number of technology innovations across the SOC and memory space. These create disruptive technology inflection points, such as high-speed serial data links and millimeter wave wireless, which often obsolete current generation testers. This drives additional replacement demand on top of normal complexity growth. These inflection points also lead to competitive evaluations, providing us the opportunity to expand our Semiconductor Test market share with a strong value proposition. This is true for both our LitePoint and Semi Test businesses. So longer term, we are confident that the growth drivers in Semiconductor Test are firmly in place. While we expect annual market volatility will remain and be hard to predict, the long-term 2% to 4% growth rate in our 2021 earnings model looks solid. In fact, using the average ATE market size from 2014-2015, the market is ahead of this trend, averaging nearly 10% growth through 2018. Part of this is due to the extraordinary growth in the memory test market over the past two years to nearly $1 billion. Over the midterm, we are expecting that market to average closer to $750 million. Key determinants of next year's market include the introduction of new Wi-Fi standards, such as 802.11ax, continued strength in vehicle electrification and intelligence, the ramp rate of LPDDR5, complexity growth in mobile silicon, the expansion rates of local Chinese memory suppliers, and the overall NAND and DRAM bit growth rates. We do not expect 5G to have a major impact on production test until 2020 and beyond. We will have a better view of the 2019 Semi Test market in Q1. Shifting to our capital allocation plans, we'll continue to invest our cash to maximize investor returns using a balance of dividends, share repurchases and M&A. We'll complete 2018's $750 million share repurchase program this quarter, which will leave us with $750 million in the current authorization. We'll update you on our 2019 plan in our January call. In the M&A space, we look at opportunities in the test space, but our main focus is on enabling the continued high growth of our Industrial Automation segment, where we have an active funnel with a good mix of hardware and software products. With that, I'll turn it over to Greg.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with a quick summary of the key highlights of 2018, as the finish line is nearing. I'll also cover a few of the common investor questions we're fielding, along with the third quarter results and fourth quarter guidance. Starting with the financial highlights. Despite the first half mobility speed bump, our 2018 top line should reach about $2.1 billion again this year, driven by Industrial Automation growth partially offsetting the Semi Test decline. Gross margin should run at 57% again, above our prior 54% to 56% historical average. Moving further down the P&L, our non-GAAP operating profit rate is trending to 24%, with strategically higher Industrial Automation investments. Non-GAAP EPS at the mid-point of our guidance will be $2.24, down from $2.34 last year. On capital deployment, we're pleased to have acquired both MiR, the leader in autonomous mobile robots, and Energid, the leader in robotic motion control software, this year. Both MiR and Energid are benefiting from a host of synergies inside of Teradyne, while maintaining their nimbleness and speed of execution. As Mark noted, we're on track to buy back $750 million of our stock in 2018. And since the start of 2015, we've bought back $1.2 billion at an average price of $28.68. To offer some longer term perspective on our strategy, we led the automation of testing integrated circuits decades ago. Now many years later, our semiconductor testers are churning out billions of devices weekly, and we're the leader in the ATE industry in financial performance. Fast forward to the present, and we've set our sight on leading the automation of repetitive tasks with Universal Robots and MiR cobots. These safe and easy to train cobots allow factory and service workers to avoid those highly repetitive and tedious tasks that are poorly suited for humans. It was just three years ago that we acquired Universal Robots, which added only $42 million to our 2015 sales. Now in 2018, our Industrial Automation segment, including Universal Robots, MiR and Energid, is on track to achieve over a quarter of a billion in sales. We also expect that by 2021, we'll be near $1 billion in Industrial Automation sales. These next generation automation businesses have favorable long-term secular trends, such as the worldwide shortage of workers, particularly for robotic type tasks, cost and inflation worries, increasing quality requirements, and growing global industrial competition. Now, shifting to the key 2018 product highlights. Universal Robots released its next-generation e-Series product line. The e-Series advances the standard for ease-of-use and safety, while adding a built-in sense of touch and more computing power for our hundreds of third-party developers. The e-Series began shipments mid-quarter and will continue to offer both the original and e-Series, targeting different market price points. MiR is making a big splash too with the recently introduced MiR500. This heavier payload autonomous mobile robot is well suited for pallet sized movements and is expected to ship in volume this quarter. We've also grown the UR+ certified third-party offerings from less than 60 at the end of last year to 112 at the end of the third quarter. This expanding collection of targeted proven solutions is a key driver of UR's ongoing growth. At a recent trade show, we also showcased Energid's Actin path planning software on our UR cobot, demonstrating the potential to greatly expand UR's addressable market for 3D pick-and-place tasks. Moving to Semi Test, we've nearly tripled our addressable memory test served market with our new Magnum wafer level test product that shipped in volume in the third quarter. This product is also in multiple broader evaluation and is well suited to the higher-speed protocol interfaces required in premium smartphones. In SOC Test, as you've seen, we're well-positioned in the growing automotive and industrial end markets, but we're also aggressively driving our R&D efforts to attack that technology inflection point that Mark noted. For example, we've successfully intercepted the market with ATE solutions for 5G millimeter wave devices, and for serial data links up to 60 gigabits per second, including PAM4 for chips being developed for datacenter and communications networking. So, all told, 2018 has been a very strong year, expanding our product solutions and addressable markets. Now, let me quickly turn to some of the most frequently asked questions, including, will we see a memory decline or broader slowdown? How are trade uncertainties and tariffs likely to affect us? How can we stay in the lead at Universal Robots? And finally, do we expect mobility to turn back on next year? So, starting with memory test, we're not seeing an immediate slowdown. This may, in part, be a result of posting our initial revenues for our new wafer level tester in the third quarter, but it may also reflect the more muted test buying over the last few years compared with frontend investments. With that said, recall, we noted in our July call that the memory test market at about $950 million this year is about $200 million above our estimated normalized level., So it could certainly fall back to normalized levels next year or later. Moving to trade uncertainty and tariffs, well, with the exception of UR's China business, where some business has frozen up a bit, the impact to date on the overall business has been manageable. Recall, the overwhelming majority of our outsourced manufacturing and shipment destinations reside outside of the U.S. It's too early for us to gauge how trade uncertainty and tariffs on other products might affect end demand that ultimately ripples back to us. As to staying ahead at Universal Robots, we're building ever-strong and competitive modes through product development investments to extend our ease-of-use advantage. This lowers the highest obstacles to automation, namely our customer's setup costs and their need for otherwise scaled automation experts. Cultivating and supporting a vast array of third-party developers who invest their R&D dollars to create scores of solutions for a wide range of market verticals, effectively extending UR's addressable markets. Partnering and fully supporting our channel partners with technical support and business case clarity so that they can be more successful in deploying our cobots. And non-organic chess moves, such as acquiring Energid, to extend our automation capabilities and expand UR's addressable market. Most of the above moves apply to MiR as well, with the addition of a greater emphasis on supporting large accounts that often start with a fleet of robots rather than UR's one or two. We keep a very keen eye on the competition and are pursuing growth rather than running our Industrial Automation businesses to maximize short-term profitability. Nonetheless, given the strong revenue growth and improved gross margins, we expect 2018's IA segment profitability to be in the mid-teens. Lastly, to SOC's mobility demand next year, we don't know yet if it will resume or if we can have another pause year, but as Mark noted, the long-term trends in SOC test are favorable. Shifting to our System Test group, we're on track to grow 2018 sales 9% to about $210 million with growth in all three businesses and above-model bottom line performance. In Wireless Test, LitePoint is expected to grow sales about 7% compared to last year to about $120 million with model profitability. We're pleased with the anticipated 802.11ax buying next year, as we expect this new Wi-Fi scanner will be adopted for flagship smartphones in 2019. Further out, a larger multi-year wave is nearing with 5G millimeter wave, expected to move from labs to volume production in 2020 or 2021. Our cash and marketable securities totaled $1.3 billion, and we bought back $201 million of our stock at an average price of $40.25 in the third quarter. Moving to the details of the third quarter, our sales were $567 million, gross margins were 59%, benefiting from strong product mix. The non-GAAP operating profit rate was 28% and non-GAAP EPS was $0.71. You'll see our non-GAAP operating expenses were $177 million, up $2 million from the second quarter due to higher favorable compensation accruals on higher profits. We've included a schedule on OpEx where you can see that we continue to keep test fixed OpEx flat, and we are growing our Industrial Automation OpEx aggressively to ensure we capture the market growth and stay ahead. We've also included slides on segment sales. I'll note that we've shown Industrial Automation in total and broken out both on a GAAP basis and pro forma basis. We also expect a strong fourth quarter both at Universal Robots with typical year-end surge, and at MiR with the MiR500 shipping in volume. We have $61 million accrued for Universal Robots and MiR earnouts. The Universal Robots earnout ends this year and the MiR earnout extends through 2020. Sales for fourth quarter are expected to be between $480 million and $510 million. And the Non-GAAP EPS range is $0.46 to $0.54 on 183 million diluted shares. Q4 guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles. The fourth quarter gross margin should run about 57%, down from a very strong third quarter due to product mix and total OpEx should run from 35% to 37%. The operating profit rate at the midpoint of our fourth quarter guidance is about 22%. Shifting to taxes, our full year tax rate is expected to be about 16%, down 50 basis points from our July estimate. As we begin to model 2019, please note that we expect our tax rate to step up to 17%, CapEx to remain in our historical $90 million to $110 million range, test OpEx should remain flat and the expected 50% plus revenue growth in Industrial Automation will drive its OpEx up successively each quarter next year from about $35 million per quarter exiting this year. We'll have more details on 2019 OpEx in January's call. Also related to the 2019 model, as in past years, you should expect the first quarter Industrial Automation sales to be sequentially down from the fourth quarter even though we'll continue to invest to increase OpEx to drive 2019 full year and long-term growth. So in summary, we're delivering very strong test profitability despite the decline in mobility spending this year. We're aggressively expanding our next-generation Industrial Automation portfolio and widening its competitive modes. And we're returning significant capital with our $750 million buyback and a roughly 1% dividend yield. Now, I'll turn the call back to Andy.
Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc.: Thanks, Greg. Michelle, we'd now like to take some questions. And as a reminder, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up.
Operator: Thank you. And your first question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking my question. I think in the past, you have used the word complexity to define the growth opportunity at your largest smartphone customer. So if, let's say, all they are doing is enhancing the processor and upgrading to a different Wi-Fi standard, does that qualify as increased complexity, or in general, if you could give us a sense for what can drive growth in that business next year?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Sure. So, there's a variety of things related to complexity and tester growth. Certainly, transistor count is one element. And transistor count, roughly, it doesn't scale proportionately. If transistors grow 50%, generally speaking, everything else being equal, test time might grow 25%. Then, there's the question of yields. So, if we end up moving to a new lithography node or a design that's perhaps more marginal, a 10% change in yield can translate to a 10% change in test intensity or the asset base you need to test the parts. There's another factor, even if it's the next-generation RF chip or a next-generation power management chip, there is – separate from testing the transistors, often there's tuning needed for the part. The tester actually tries to find the right – the optimum operating point for the part and has to sort of hunt for it. That takes time. And as these devices get more complex, or in a power management device get more independent cores that they need to power, that can start to chew up test time. And then the last thing, I guess, I would point out is the sort of loading effect. In the mobility space, in particular, historically, there's been intense production three to four months prior to a new product launch. And then, the capacity utilization of the tester fleet thereafter might drop down into the sort of 70% to 80% range from a peak of 100%. And some optimizations, I think, there occurred where the devices had a longer build-ahead cycle to sort of mitigate some of that peaky. And that's kind of suppressed it. So that's a bit of a long answer, but those are sort of the principal factors.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then on the gross margin side, you have been running above trend. So, do you think it's time to revise the target model or you think you get back to trend?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Yes, we have been running above the model for a period of time. There's a number of puts and takes with the model. Some things were ahead. Some things were not ahead. So, we constantly look at it and we'll make changes if it's significant. I would expect we would likely stay at this higher range. We certainly could drop back a point or so if we have large buying from a concentrated customer. But we've done a lot of good work on material, particularly in our Universal Robots as well as our System Test group. So these are – should be margins that we can hold, give or take, maybe it leaks back a point here and there.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Eastman with Baird. Please go ahead.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yes. Could we just kind of speak to UR for a minute or so? Could you just refresh us on the exposure UR has in China? And also, speak to the investments, maybe in the quarter, to UR and how that, again, plays out? I think, Greg, you tried to address it, but as how that plays out exiting the year and into next year? Would you do anything on the investment side, if China does continue to slow down for UR?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Well, I'll answer part of that. On the China portion of UR's business is somewhere – it's roughly in the sort of 15% range. And that can move a little bit quarter by quarter, but that's a rough number.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: And the growth rate in China through 2017 was ahead of other large regions like North America and Europe. And this year, it's been lagging. And in particular, in the third quarter, we saw sort of a plateauing there. So, you can probably do the math from that, but 15% of the total and it's – again, what I – and what I said in my script is if we take out China in the third quarter, we're at about a 54% growth rate in all the other regions. On the OpEx, I'll let Greg answer it.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: As to the investment level, in the short-term, we wouldn't do anything different. The investments, they tend to be lower-cost investments per person in China. And we do believe long-term, it will be a very high-growth market. It's just in this period where capital equipment – even though it's a very low cost with a faster return, it seems as though there is just greater uncertainty and there's a bit of a pause. So we need to see how that plays out. But I would not advocate cutting back spending now, because I think long-term, this is going to be a significant part of Universal Robots' business.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: And then Q3 investment and maybe what that looks like into next year?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Well, when you think about Universal Robots, let me go up a level of abstraction. Let's say, our gross margin is about 60% and then, we're running the business for growth, but we end up with mid-teens or upper teens profitability this year, last year. So that delta, 42%, is really OpEx.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yes.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: So I think you're going to see continued meaningful OpEx investment that we're going to make. Now, when you get to 2020 and 2021, you're not going to see that same growth of OpEx because we're going to have built out our sales organization. We're going to have the infrastructure finely tuned. There's still many channel partners who need more support. There's large accounts we can pursue. There's OEM channels. So there's still a lot we're getting to. But I would say, after next year, the OpEx growth will be much more modest than what we see for 2019.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Atif Malik with Citi. Please go ahead.
Atif Malik - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. Mark, a couple of analog companies, TI, STMicro [STMicroelectronics] are seeing industrial, auto, semiconductor weakness in the December quarter. I'm just curious why you're not seeing it, if it's baked into your guidance. And I understand you guys are seeing some weakness on the UR side. And then I have a follow-up.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah. Frankly, our analog demand has been quite bullish and accelerated in the third quarter, in fact. So part of that is due to what I would say is back to this issue of test intensity. So some of the – even though our customers' sales may not be growing as fast, the new devices going into automobiles are incrementally complex and need more test time. So there's always a bit of an ebb and flow of how much test is needed per, let's say, ASP of a analog chip or any chip. So we're seeing a little bit more test intensity. Automotive, if you just look at automotive, the microcontroller portion of automotive is actually not growing in this year, but the analog content of automotive has been growing.
Atif Malik - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. And on the Industrial Automation side, you guys have talked about start-up companies as being more of a competitor to UR business than the traditional robotic companies. What is the closing of the Rethink Robotics mean for you guys? And if there's any interest in looking at their IP?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: So Rethink is a great example of the fact that a rising tide doesn't float all boats. It does predicate – product differentiation matters. That's what UR has had. That being said, there's some very talented, creative people that developed a product line at Rethink. And we took the opportunity to hire a large portion of that to bolster our roadmap plans at UR. The IP side of it, if you look at the hardware, which a lot of what the IP was and is, it was really that's part of the issue with the product. It wasn't a very accurate implementation of a cobot. It had difficulty in repetitive accurate motion. And so it's really not a set of IP that we were interested in on the mechanics. We were much more interested in the talent that was at that company. But again, I will just point out that there's a lot of churn in the cobot industry. There are tens and tens of start-ups around the globe and they come and go within a matter of months. So the opportunity for the market is becoming clearer and clearer. But in terms of successful breakouts, UR still pretty much stands alone.
Atif Malik - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of C. J. Muse with Evercore. Please go ahead.
C. J. Muse - Evercore ISI: Yeah. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I guess, first, I'm trying to level set both UR and overall Industrial Automation. So could you share with us what you expect in terms of December quarter from each of the three businesses in terms of revenues? And then, as you think about the reset versus the 60% kind of previous guide for UR in second half, based on that, it looks like it's roughly $20 million, $25 million that's coming out. Can you quantify how much of that is China versus other issues or headwinds?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: I might not have all the details, C. J., but I think the way to think about UR for this year is we were thinking it could grow 50% for the year. It's going to be between 42%, 43%. It's going be in that type of range, it looks like, given we have nine months in already. We do firmly believe that there's going be waves of adoption. And there's many waves we can see out in time that haven't hit yet. And you could also look at last year when we grew 72%. That probably was a little bit above, I'll say, a trend line. So I just want to kind of illustrate that we'll be above or below a trend line. And it doesn't necessarily mean anything other than it's just not a smooth line. With – MiR is shipping this new product. So depending upon how many they can complete and ship, that can be a little dicey because it's a brand new product, but if they're able to ship them, we're going to be on a pro forma basis, not what's in Teradyne financials, but on a pro forma basis, we could achieve the $30 million of sales, which would be huge growth from where they were last year. And Energid's immaterial, so I'll just leave that one alone. That's more of a capability that enables us to extend what UR can do.
C. J. Muse - Evercore ISI: Okay. That's great. And I guess as a follow-up, as you think about the investments for this business, I believe you're running around a 25% op margin today and now you're guiding mid-teens for all of 2019. I guess, A, what were the investments? And B, should we be modeling mid-teens for every quarter or how do we think about that? And then I guess lastly, you've always had a great target model with specific OpEx relative to revenues. Can you update on what the level reset is there? Thank you.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: What's happening in Industrial Automation, C. J., is, last year, you might recall, Universal Robots by itself got to 19% operating profit. It wasn't mid-20s. It was 19%. And frankly, that was higher than what we were planning. And we didn't hire as many people as we wanted to, particularly in North America. So we had some catching up to do in North America. So 19% was, again, artificially high. If you go back a year earlier to 2016, it was 15.5%. So it's kind of been mid-teens. It'll be mid-teens this year again. I think what really is going happen with Universal Robots, or you can put the whole Industrial Automation together, is that as we build out the infrastructure and are not expanding into new territories or hiring new channel managers, then we're going to get profit drop during the sales growth, a custom with what we see in other businesses. But because it's growing so fast, we're still catching up our infrastructure. And the model we showed longer term, we still believe that model is reasonable and achievable. It's aggressive and credible. So that's what we're targeting. We'll look at it once a year to see if there's any fine tuning, but overall, I think the range is probably pretty good.
C. J. Muse - Evercore ISI: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Tim Arcuri with UBS. Please go ahead.
Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc.: Hey, Tim. You might be on mute there. Thanks.
Timothy Arcuri - UBS Securities LLC: Hello?
Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah.
Timothy Arcuri - UBS Securities LLC: Can you hear me?
Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc.: Yes.
Timothy Arcuri - UBS Securities LLC: All right. Thanks. I wanted to talk about your big SOC customer and the degree to which they might come back next year. And of course, we know that all the new models are using the new AT. And that the AT is – it's the biggest transistor jump than we've seen in a long time. So obviously, test times have gone way up. So that would normally suggest a pretty good year from them for you, but that didn't happen. So it's kind of hard to believe, I guess, that the customer just massively overbought testers this year. So it begs the question that maybe there's something structural happening there? And so I guess my question is, do you think there is something structural going on? And if so, would you guys even know about that? Thanks.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah. I think, Tim, without, again, being too specific, I think that earlier in the call, I outlined sort of four things that can go on to sort of pull this north or south. And transistor count, if it, like I said, grows 50%, that should, everything else being equal, yes, grow the test intensity by about 25%. And in most years that's exactly what happened, but there's other factors like yields that can swing this equation. So, that would be something to consider. There's other factors like smoothing out production instead of peaking production in the summer. And there's this third factor of how much tuning is needed for the part, separate from just checking the transistors are they working, but essentially making the part work better or not. Different algorithms come in and out of how to tune the part year-to-year and that can affect it. So, within that mix, there was a very-you could call it a structural change, but there was a – enough improvements in areas like yields and in smoothing to mitigate much of the test time.
Timothy Arcuri - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Yeah. Well, it was just cut in half, so it seems like a big change just for those things. So do you think that those factors are normalized this year such that, okay, we have a new baseline that we can grow off of? And so we kind of grow – the test times make us grow next year off of this baseline. Or do you think that there is sort of a reverse adjustment next year where like some of these mix factors and yield factors that negatively impacted this year are going to help next year?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: I think, right now, we don't have the test time insight at this point of the year for next year's product to know. That's why we usually wait till Q1 to try to give a forecast there. So it'd be pure speculation. I do think some of the things that have happened this year do form a new baseline, but the one piece of data that we don't have is what's the test time going to look like on this new part.
Timothy Arcuri - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, awesome. And then, thanks, Greg, I just wanted to follow-up on the prior question. So, if I segment the IA business in December, is it right to think of UR as like high 70s and MiR and Energid like in the low teens? Is that the right way to think about it?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Well, Energid will be under $1 million and MiR should be about $13 million. So the balance is Universal Robots.
Timothy Arcuri - UBS Securities LLC: Which would get you to high 70s for UR, is that right?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Well, it depends on what number you put in for UR. We're not forecasting UR for the fourth quarter, but UR could be in the 70s. That's certainly possible.
Timothy Arcuri - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, awesome. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yeah. Good morning, guys. Thanks for letting me ask you question. Mark, you did a good job in your prepared comments talking about the overall memory test market perhaps being above trend and $950 million needing to come back to $750 million. I'm kind of curious, when you look at the overall SOC test market, I think you talked about in your prepared comment, that market upsiding $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion this year. Do you believe that market is similarly above trend and that we have to go through a period of digestion? Or do you think the complexity to which you've been speaking to means that this $2.5 billion, $2.6 billion is more of a trend line number for the SOC market? And I guess what I'm really trying get at is, given some of the digestion we're seeing with some of the analog diversified customers, do you expect that you're immune from that or just insulated from it?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah. So on the last part, I don't think we're immune from it. And we've said in prior calls that the analog and automotive market has been running for years now much stronger than it had been the case in many prior cycles. So on the analog and specifically automotive case, I think what's driving that is really the test intensity of devices in automotive is much higher. And so, I expect that will continue to buoy up the automotive business with the normal variations and such. If you step back and look at the total SOC market, what I said is that this year it's going to be sort of in a $2.6 billion to $2.7 billion kind of range. So, essentially, close to what it was in 2018 – or 2017, I mean. I do think, in the SOC case, we're not abnormally hot right now. We are operating at what looks like a pretty reasonable level. So that doesn't mean we won't see these kind of swings that we've seen in the past in the market, but on a trend line basis, I wouldn't say that right now we're above the trend line in SOC. And then, on memory, just another couple of points on memory. Memory, I think, we believe is running hot. And $750 million is more normal. But if you zoom into next year, two things are going on next year that could cause it to be above the trend line again. One is the facilitation of the backend of the indigenous fabs in China has not yet occurred. I believe it will occur next year. And then, the second thing is the launch of LPDDR5. And those two events could very well cause it to be a little bit warmer than normal next year as well.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: That's helpful. Then, maybe as my follow-up just on the 5G front. Understanding it's not really a driver until 2020 and beyond, but you did see some nascent growth in LitePoint this quarter. I'm just kind of curious if you can help us size the opportunity for you as the world migrates to 5G, both in kind of the Wireless Test business and also in just the core SOC Test business.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Well, when you think about 5G, let me do Semi Test first because 5G in Semi Test, it's not only a question of RF testing of these millimeter wave devices. It's also a question of all the backend processing and data pipes to move that much data around in the infrastructure or in handsets or in consumer devices. So it's a multiplicative effect in Semi Test that extends – obviously, RF is going to need a whole generation of new RF millimeter wave test equipment. None of the existing hardware out there can test millimeter wave. So that, in and of itself, is probably – that'll run $100 million – couple hundred million dollar TAM for four or five years, starting maybe around 2021, additional TAM. Then on top of that, you're going to find all of the communications and processing devices behind that that's moving the data around will also go up dramatically in complexity. So, we think – again, this is 2021 and beyond, but there's probably, in Semi Test, a good $300 million, $400 million bump due to 5G and its associated impact. Flipping over to LitePoint for a minute, now we're talking about testing essentially handsets, very high volume or access points, high volume RF-only type testing. And I think there we're seeing similar timing. 2021 is when production really starts to move. But the market delta there or the market will probably grow an additional $100 million to $150 million a year for five or six years.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Helpful. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Krish Sankar from Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Krish Sankar - Cowen and Company, LLC: Yeah. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I had two of them. One is Mark or Greg, if you look at all the analog digestion that's going on and the fact that memory slowdown – or you guys see the memory impact two to three quarters after the frontend guys. Historically, your Q4 has been this low water mark for Semi Test revenues and it's improved in Q1. Is it fair to assume, given all that's going on, Q1 sequentially could be down from Q4?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: I think could – as a could statement, yes, I don't know that that's what we would expect. I think, for example, in the automation businesses, Q4 is always a peak. And as they become a larger – and then Q1 is down from Q4. That's been true for the past four years. We expect that again next year. And as they become a bigger part of Teradyne, that will tend to drive that negative delta, Q4 to Q1. The Semi Test piece, usually we begin to see the very beginnings of the mobility ramp for the summer at the tail end of Q1, but that can move around between sort of March and April. So that's kind of the one wild card. The other businesses, LitePoint, System Test, as an example, look pretty strong. So I would expect, there we'd see a little bit of growth in Q1. So it's really back to, okay, we know what's going to happen with the automation groups. They're going be down. And I don't know how much, but maybe it's going be down $20 million or so from Q4. But what's going to happen with the timing of the mobility ramp is what the key swing factor is in Q1.
Krish Sankar - Cowen and Company, LLC: All right. All right, that's helpful. And then, as a follow-up on the robotics of the IA side, between Universal Robots, MiR and Energid, do you feel you have all the components needed to like target the small to large scale businesses, and also some of the key factors that you guys have been focused historically on, like, things like bin picking and collision avoidance? Or do you think there are other holes that need to be plugged, including probably looking at the vision side of the business of handlers?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: I'll take that one. I think there's going be other enabling technologies that can help us extend the products into new applications that they're not in now. We may find that the ecosystem provides that capability. But in the case of, take Energid, we thought it was best if we advanced that capability for it, because we didn't see path planning being brought to cobots, and it greatly limited what cobots could do for 3D pick-and-place. So it's very specific to the situation. If you take vision as an example, there's a lot of good vision modules out there already. So there may be opportunities to, simply with software, make the vision easier to use versus getting involved in anything to do with the vision because there's third parties who are very capable. But it's really making it easy to use is where we come into play. But there's a lot of things in our funnel that we're looking at, so I would expect there'd be other M&A opportunities over the next couple of years.
Krish Sankar - Cowen and Company, LLC: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Your next question comes from Weston Twigg from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Weston David Twigg - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I just have a couple of quick ones. One, on the auto space, can you help us understand what your overall exposure is to the auto market?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Let's see. I'm going to just look at some numbers here for a minute. So I would say, in general, revenue-wise, we are around $200 million or so a year of Semi Test revenue due to automotive, maybe a little – it swings between $200 million to $250 million, but in that range.
Weston David Twigg - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Good. That's helpful. And then the other question I had was just in general, you mentioned tariffs and that they're not having – that you're having – you were able to manage, I guess, the impact related to the tariff and trade war stuff. But are you having any broader conversations with your customers that are concerning heading into really 2019 related to, I don't know, a potential slowdown in either semi demand or test demand related to tariff or trade war concerns?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: At the moment, no. In fact, our Semi Test sales are up in China this year compared to last year. But there are certainly conversations about all types of scenarios. What level of support could we provide if some scenario happened? And we continue to tell the Chinese customers that we manufacture our UltraFLEX products in Suzhou, China, and we ship it to China. So we think we're in a good spot. But the only place where we can see where it's come back as a reason for the pause is that UR through the distributors, that they see more uncertainty at the small and medium enterprise level. Now the Semi Test companies are still going very strong, moving aggressively in China. So we're not seeing any slowdown there.
Weston David Twigg - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you so much. Mark, you talked about your memory test business growing about – I think it was about 90% year-over-year over the past nine months. You're clearly picking up share here. Is that purely a function of the Magnum platform and you picking up some business there? Or is your NAND – your flash package test business growing nicely as well? And kind of related to that, you've mentioned a couple times that you expect the memory test TAM to revert lower to $750 million at some point. During that reversion to the downside, do you think you can continue to grow your memory test business, given potential for share growth?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Okay. So most of the growth this year in our sales in memory test have come from two things. The new product in flash wafer test is one element of that. And then another element is we are finding some applications for the Magnum in DRAM wafer test as well. So those are the biggest chunks. And then there's a little bit of growth in the NAND final test as well. But if you were to sort of put it in buckets, it'd be first wafer test for flash, then it would be wafer test for DRAM and then finally, some organic growth in our core area. And the second part of the question?
Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc.: Could we grow share as the market gets smaller?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Oh, share, yes. So our view of that is, as we revert back to the $750 million or so, our share should be able to move based on the current product we have and some new products that are in the pipeline up to that mid-40s, 50% number by that 2021 midterm point. Share in memory kind of moves in bigger chunks than SOC, where one to two points a year is a tough slog because of the concentration there in memory. We think we can move it a bit faster.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay, great. And then as a follow-up, I had a question on cobot adoption rates. You guys have talked about your expectations for there being waves of adoption going forward. Do you think the e-Series that you just recently introduced can drive one of those waves? If not, when do you think we'll see the rate of growth inflect to the upside in your UR business? Thank you.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: I think the e-Series can drive an initial wave. I think some of the bigger waves come from enabling technologies such as this Energid Actin path planning, where today cobots aren't very good with – they really don't have path-planning. So they're very limited as to what they can pick up or maneuver around, say, a tray or a bin. So there's many tedious jobs, picking things out of bins or trays, that we believe, over time, with this software, we'll be able to make those tasks accessible with cobots. That to me is probably the clearest example. But if you looked at the growing number of UR+ certified third-parties on our website, you could see many different applications. And a number of them we would not have thought about. That's the beauty of this, is we have a lot of R&D dollars by others who are closer to end vertical markets. And then they see a need and they build from our platform.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: And, Greg, the path planning example that you just mentioned, is that sort of a 2019 or 2020 dynamic? Or...
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Yes. Yes. End of 2019, I would expect that we would have some sales that we would not otherwise have. And I think 2020 is the year there'll be a meaningful wave there.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks so much.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Certainly.
Operator: Your next question comes from Patrick Ho from Stifel. Your line is open.
Patrick J Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you very much. Maybe just following off of Weston's question regarding China and the tariffs. Given some of the potential market opportunities longer-term in the local Chinese memory market that you detailed, I guess, first remind us where the Magnum is produced? And what can you do potentially to shift manufacturing around to, I guess, supply that market if the tariff get a little bit out of hand?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Well, on that score, the Nextest Magnum product is in Malaysia, so it's not in the U.S., which obviously is a plus. Now, we have – about a year ago, we did – there's a small amount of testers that we would ship into the U.S., very small for engineering characterization. We were able, given the unique configuration of those testers, to move those to other sites outside of China and do the box-build configuration and then avoid the tariff legitimately. So there is some ability to move some things around, but you can't move large amounts of manufacturing. But I don't think we'll need to because most of our manufacturing, particularly for Semi Test, it's all in Asia. So, it's already there. And then, you take Universal Robots, they're in Denmark. So the only place we really have manufacturing in the U.S. is LitePoint. It's our Mil/Aero – and Mil/Aero business, but everything else is offshore.
Patrick J Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. That's helpful, Greg. And as my follow-up question, you talked about some of the applications that you continue to develop for the IA business. Can you give a little bit of color in terms of the development of these type of applications? And how long it takes before you're introducing them in the products, whether as software application or through some of your hardware products like the e-Series you just introduced?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah. So I think the e-Series as an example was probably about a year-and-a-half development cycle. The bin picking – and that one, I think as Greg described, it's not really a major wave. It's a platform that enables what's coming. And real, I'd say, biggest one on the horizon is this economical vision-based bin-picking solution that is probably, all said and done, will be about two to two and a half years in development and we will begin selling that next summer, roughly. And it will have an impact in 2020. So, from the time we start till the time it has a measurable meaningful impact, it might be three, three and a half years for a major innovation like that. Other things, like, for example, in the script, I talked about Soft Robotics. Grippers are another area where innovation is needed. Here's a company developing a gripper that allows manipulation of small or fragile objects. That opens up many more applications. That development for that company outside of Teradyne, but applicable to us, was probably about a year and a half. So figure in the space anywhere from a year to three years depending on the magnitude of the sort of innovation.
Patrick J Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you very much.
Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc.: Okay. And operator, we can sneak just one quick question in before we close.
Operator: Okay. And your final question then is David Duley from Steelhead. Your line is open.
David A. Duley - Steelhead Securities LLC: Thanks for taking my question. Most of them have been answered, but just a couple of follow-ons, I guess. You've mentioned in the past that advanced packaging like InFO more test intensive than a standard package. Could you just remind us how much more test-intensive one of those types of package is than a standard package?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah. So, there's a couple of factors. One factor is the degree of, let's say, contacting or parallelism you can achieve with some of these advanced packages is limited compared to a traditional semiconductor package. The same essential complexity in an advanced package versus a traditional semiconductor package could be, or has been, recently about a 20% bump on the advanced package side in terms of test time. And then, the other factor that we get is the level of interconnects that need to be tested and the degree with which some – it's not on all the same piece of silicon. So the characterization of crosstalk and impedance mismatches goes up when you're in an advanced package environment. So the amount of testing of those interconnects necessarily goes up. That's a less impactful, but it might be like a 5% header. So when you put the two together, maybe 25%.
David A. Duley - Steelhead Securities LLC: Okay. And then, you mentioned about Chinese memory. I guess what you said is, you haven't really seen those guys start to buy back in equipment. Will you have the same type of market share with those domestic memory guys in China that you have currently in the market? Or do you expect it to be higher or lower? Help us handicap that.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Let's see. I would say that in flash where we have historically concentrated, that we would expect it to be higher, actually, because we participate both in package test and wafer test. And in some of the DRAM spaces, since we have very low share in DRAM, I would expect it to be higher too. So overall, China should be – if our worldwide share right now is roughly 30%, China should be slightly better than that, starting out.
David A. Duley - Steelhead Securities LLC: Thank you.
Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc.: Okay, folks, we are out of time. Thanks so much for joining us today. Look forward to talking to you in the days and weeks ahead. And anyone left in the queue, I'll get back to you straight away. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. This will conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc. Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc. Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.
Analysts: Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Atif Malik - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Timothy Arcuri - UBS Securities LLC Thomas Robert Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co. Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Group Krish Sankar - Cowen and Company LLC Patrick J Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Thea, and I will be the conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Teradyne Quarter Two 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Andrew Blanchard. Please go ahead, sir.
Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc.: Thank you, Thea. Good morning everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined by our CEO, Mark Jagiela, and our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher. The press release containing our second quarter results was issued last evening, and we are providing slides on the Investor page with the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion. Replays of this call will be available via the same page after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release as well as our most recent SEC filings. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We have posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including the reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, where available on the Investor page of our website. Also, between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne will be participating in investor conferences hosted by Needham, KeyBanc, Davidson, Citi and Deutsche Bank. We'll also be meeting with investors in September in Chicago at the International Manufacturing technology Show, IMTS. Now, let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, Mark will comment on our recent results, current market conditions and outlook for the year. Greg will then offer more details on our quarterly financial results, followed by our guidance of the third quarter. We'll then answer your questions and this call is scheduled for one hour. Mark?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining us this morning. In today's call, I'll cover our recent financial results and current business conditions, describe how we're looking at the rest of the year, and highlight some of the new products that we expect will power our growth in the future. First, the results; our second quarter non-GAAP EPS of $0.59 on revenue of $527 million exceeded our guidance primarily due to our test businesses strengthening through the quarter. In Semiconductor Test, memory was a stand-out with sales of $67 million in the quarter, bringing our memory test revenue for the first six months to $139 million, up nearly 2x from the year ago period. Memory test demand in the third quarter looks even stronger, setting us up for significant year-over-year growth. This demand is being driven by both our traditional flash package test customers and a nice mix of new business for our recently introduced Magnum wafer test product. Elsewhere in Semi Test, SoC test demand remains strong. Other than the significant year-over-year drop in an isolated mobility segment that we outlined last quarter, demand in other parts of mobility and the overall SoC market has been stronger than we expected when we updated you in our April call. Our Eagle Test product line is a bright spot with sales in the first six months up 17% compared to a year ago period, as analog and automotive demand continues to grow. Our latest 2018 market size estimate for SoC is at the high end of our $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion range and the memory test market is now estimated to be in the $900 million to $1 billion range. At LitePoint, results were also above plan, as Wi-Fi test demand for smartphone applications strengthened. Six-month sales at LitePoint are up 9% over the year ago period. Despite being in a technology lull pending new wireless standards like 802.11ax for Wi-Fi and 5G cellular, cellphone makers continue to add incremental wireless capabilities to their products, driving up test times and fueling our business. Our 802.11ax production test product is in the market testing access points and ready for the likely 2019 ramp, as cellphones begin to adopt this technology. Likewise, both our millimeter wave and sub-6G cellular production test products are being qualified now at top suppliers for likely production volumes starting in 2020. Our System Test business also strong with the six-month sales up 47% from the same 2017 period. Most of this is due to storage test demand, which has more than doubled from the first quarter on greater-than-expected HDD and system-level test demand. This will continue to be a lumpy business and we've organized our operations accordingly, allowing us to deliver above model profits in strong periods and model or better profits across the full year. In Industrial Automation, Universal Robots' robust growth continues with quarterly sales of $57 million, up 45% from the same quarter of 2017. Late in the quarter, we introduced our new e-Series of cobots. The e-Series extends the capabilities of our 3, 5 and 10 kg payload cobots by providing higher performance data processing, enhanced ease-of-use software, category 3 safety certification, integrated force/torque sensing and a long list of other improvements to make the arm even easier to use. The higher power data processing platform and software enhancements allow our UR+ ecosystem partners to design more powerful solutions and apps for our platform. The category 3 certification further reduces the safety hurdles required to deploy our cobots, and the integrated force/torque sensor gives our cobot a sense of touch, which is important for a wide range of tasks like gluing, polishing, surface inspection and light assembly. With the acquisition of MiR in the quarter, Teradyne now has the leading platform in the rapidly expanding autonomous mobile robot market. In the second quarter, MiR delivered full quarter sales of nearly $6 million, up over 85% from the same period of 2017. In late June, MiR expanded their product line with the introduction of the 500 kg payload autonomous mobile robot, the MiR500. The MiR500 delivers the same low-cost, flexible and easy-to-program characteristics of the MiR 100 and 200 kg robots. The MiR500 extends the range of industrial material movement applications that can be autonomously automated, whereas the 100 and 200 kg robots are optimized for automating human scale material movements in manufacturing. The MiR500 allows the additional automation of forklift and other pallet moving systems. In the months ahead, we'll continue to strengthen MiR's distribution network, lineup of peripheral suppliers, and invest in their organizational capabilities to support their 50% to 100% growth for the foreseeable future. Overall we expect our Industrial Automation segment to grow at a 50% to 55% clip this year, in line with our 2021 earnings model. Looking out at the full year, from a financial perspective, we expect the second half to look very similar to the first half and the company revenues to be split about 50/50 with the Industrial Automation segment higher and Test lower compared with the first half. Looking further ahead, I'm sure many of you are trying to forecast the size of the Semiconductor Test market next year. We won't get our first look at 2019 demand until late this year and won't have a good sense of the market until sometime in the first quarter. But while we know the test market will remain volatile in the future, we are confident that the long-term drivers of the market, device unit growth and complexity are intact. Despite this volatility, the Semi Test market has been growing at about a 7% plus annual rate off the 2014/2015 market average. This supports our confidence in the $3.50 to $4.00 earnings target in 2021, which assumes a model growth rate of 2% to 4% trend line growth in Semi Test. In addition to core market growth, we've been investing in new products and acquisitions to create a portfolio that can grow ahead of the curve. A few of those are just entering the market this year, and others will roll out in the quarters ahead. Some enhance our competitive position in served markets, while others expand our served markets. In Semiconductor Test, as noted earlier, the Magnum V's expansion beyond flash package test is underway as we've started delivering systems for both flash and DRAM wafer test. Recall that the flash and DRAM wafer test market is more than twice the size of the flash package test market, and this market is expected to drive our memory market share from the high 20s to the high 30s over the next few years. Also in Semiconductor Test, our R&D teams are working on products targeting new standards in the high-speed serial and RF markets. Our just introduced UltraSerial 6G instruments allow customers to fully characterize and test chips with interface speeds up to 60 gigabits per second. Targeted devices that use high-speed serial interfaces like PAM4, the instrument provides customers a cost-effective way to fully verify the performance of devices that deliver the immense bandwidth needed for 5G and cloud-based AI applications. In RF, our new instruments are testing silicon for a range of emerging standards, including 802.11ax, ad, and 5G cellular that are moving through our semiconductor customers' labs on their way to early production. And the growing silicon content enabling AI at the edge is driving up device complexity and test time. Whereas training algorithms usually get developed in the cloud, those honed algorithms are often deployed in the real world in edge-optimized silicon for AI inference and decision making in real time. Teradyne is well positioned in this growing edge AI space. You can see this today in autonomous driving and automotive ADAS systems where sensor data is interpreted and decisions are made in real time to optimize safety and performance. You can also see in the increasing range of smart speakers interpreting voice commands with a combination of local and cloud-based AI. Smart cameras are another emerging trend where localized AI algorithms pre-process image data to make real-time decisions. In addition to organic investments, acquisitions will continue to play a role in our growth. Having recently completed the acquisitions of MiR and Energid, we continue to have an active M&A pipeline combined with a robust capital returns program. In the first six months of 2018, we've repurchased $361 million of Teradyne shares and paid $35 million in dividends. We remain committed to this balanced capital allocation plan going forward. Now, I'll turn it over to Greg.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Thanks, Mark, and good morning everyone. I'll provide some brief comments on 2018 and then cover the second quarter results and third quarter outlook. At the halfway point, our first half sales totaled $1.014 billion and at the bottom line we've achieved $1.04 in non-GAAP EPS. We're pleased with our first half financial performance, particularly in an off year for the mobility segment of our Semiconductor Test business. As described last quarter, our prior year's mobility tooling ramp will not repeat in 2018, which is largely why our first half non-GAAP EPS is down $0.30 from a year ago. Even with this air pocket, our gross margins are running at 57% and our non-GAAP PBIT rate is 23% for the first six months. It's important to highlight that the same positive Semi Test structural dynamics which we've described in the past remain in place. Starting in 2015, advancements in parallel testing hit their practical limits for complex mobility devices, which caused the ATE market to grow again. Previously, advancements in parallel test had a compressive effect on the ATE market and masked the underlying growth in complexity and units. We expect mobility devices will continue to increase in complexity with test times trending higher, offset at times by improvements in tester technology or customer optimization work. As a result, the mobility test segment will remain an important growing market for Semiconductor Test, albeit volatile as we've recently seen. The net of these trends is that even with lower mobility shipments in 2018, we should have solid profitability and free cash flow. Staying with Semi Test, ATE demand has been healthy this year across the automotive, industrial, and memory segments. In automotive, ADAS, IVI, and hybrid vehicles are driving more silicon content along with shorter device life cycles. Automotive semiconductors also require testing under different temperature environments and take more test seconds than other devices as escapes are costly. Longer term, AI should drive even more semiconductor content in automotive where we have strong market share and expect above-average market growth. The ubiquitous industrial and microcontroller devices, where we also maintain strong share, are being driven by an overall healthy economy and greater end applications. Both Eagle Test and the J750 have had strong demand two years running. These end markets are also finding new applications in energy management, factory monitoring and IoT applications. Turning to memory test, as Mark noted, we had record first half memory test sales of $139 million and are on track to grow our memory top line for the sixth year in a row. So, overall our Semi Test business is tracking to its fifth consecutive year of non-GAAP PBIT solidly above 20%. Now, moving to our high-growth Industrial Automation segment, we had sales of $62 million in the second quarter. Universal Robots was $57 million of this total and grew 45% from the year ago quarter. Universal Robots set a new quarterly gross margin record and is on track to achieve a 60% gross margin for the full year, as material cost savings from Teradyne supply line group continue. Recall that Universal Robots had a 51% gross margin when we acquired them in 2015. Universal Robots is also using its own cobot arms to assemble new UR cobots, improving quality and cost and freeing UR employees from many tedious and uncomfortable repetitive tasks. MiR had second quarter sales of $4.5 million from the date of the acquisition and $5.7 million for the full quarter on a stand-alone basis, over 85% higher than the year ago quarter. Energid made up the balance of Industrial Automation revenue. Staying with Universal Robots, we've been ramping our field distribution aggressively this year and expect those added resources to help us achieve higher growth in the second half. We expect that there will be waves of adoption that should cause UR sales to be above or below our 45% to 50% model growth target for UR. For example, we've been selling mostly to SMEs and plant managers at the larger companies. At some point, we expect a wave of demand as larger companies adopt cobots in greater quantities as they become more aware of their fast payback and flexibility. Similarly, we also expect that new enabling technologies will open up much larger opportunities that to date have only just been scratched. For example, there are many tedious tasks across industrial manufacturing that increasingly can be automated with advanced path planning software and commercially available 3D vision modules. We believe that Energid's easy-to-use motion control software will provide the needed path planning capability to make automation of these tasks economically viable. There are also more and more third parties investing their R&D on our open platform to create plug-and-play solutions for an expanding array of tasks. For example, at automatica, the large German automation trade show held in June, we countered over 40 third parties using UR cobots to demonstrate their products or end-of-arm accessories ranging from laser surface inspections to light assembly tasks. At MiR, we also expect a strong second half with mid to larger accounts driving demand. Similar to Universal Robots, we have a significant market lead with our ease-of-use, fast payback and distribution network. We'll also bring Teradyne synergies to MiR in supply line management, global expansion and balance sheet muscle. So, overall in 2018, we continue to take strategic actions necessary to make solid progress towards our mid-term $3.50 to $4.00 non-GAAP EPS plan. Recall that the single largest growth contributor from the $2.34 non-GAAP EPS achieved last year is Universal Robots and with the new e-Series lineup, we've taken another big step forward. Moving on to the System Test business, Defense and Aerospace, Production Board Test and storage test are all expected to operate at model profitability or better for the year. Shifting quickly to Wireless Test, we operated above model profitability in the first quarter and for the first half. Turning to the balance sheet, our cash and marketable security balances stand at $1.3 billion, down $284 million from the first quarter. We returned $244 million of capital in the second quarter, principally through $227 million in share repurchases, a bit more than plan due to opportunistic buying, and $17 million in dividends. Our share repurchases since 2015 total $1 billion at an average price of $27.12. Recall we plan to buy back at least $750 million of our stock this year and return approximately $70 million in dividends. Looking ahead, we also expect to use our cash to make additional industrial automation moves to further our lead in next-generation industrial automation. That is why we plan to keep the balance sheet flexible. Moving to the details of the second quarter, sales were $527 million, the non-GAAP operating profit rate was 25%, and non-GAAP EPS was $0.59. We had no 10% customer in the quarter, and gross margins were 58%. You'll see our non-GAAP operating expenses were $175 million, up $10 million from the first quarter, primarily due to the expansion of UR's distribution programs, the inclusion of MiR and Energid for a full quarter, and higher variable compensation tied to higher profit levels. Our second quarter OpEx of $175 million versus the year ago period is up by $3 million due to Industrial Automation acquisitions and distribution buildup, partially offset by lower variable compensation compared with the prior year. We plan to continue to invest aggressively to keep our high-growth Industrial Automation business on track against our 2021 model, while keeping Test OpEx flat apart from variable compensation changes tied to profitability. The detailed segment and unit level sales for the second quarter, including the geographic breakdown for UR and MiR, are shown in a table in the presentation. So, turning to the guidance for the third quarter, sales are expected to be between $540 million and $570 million, and the non-GAAP EPS range is $0.59 to $0.66 on 188 million diluted shares. Q3 guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles, restructuring and other non-cash convertible debt interest. The third quarter gross margin should run at 57%, and total OpEx should run from 31% to 33%. The operating profit rate at the midpoint of our third quarter guidance is about 25%. Let me emphasize that we expect Industrial Automation quarterly OpEx to approach $35 million towards the end of the year, up from $16 million in the fourth quarter of 2017. Notwithstanding our planned Industrial Automation OpEx investments, we expect this high-growth segment to achieve mid-teens operating profit rates for the full year. Shifting to taxes, our full year tax rate is expected to be about 16.5%, up half a point from our April estimate on stronger memory test sales at Nextest and Analog Test sales at Eagle. So, in summary, we've significantly extended our product lead at Universal Robots with the e-Series lineup. We added the higher payload MiR500 to MiR's product offerings, and outside of Teradyne, there is a growing pool of third parties developing solutions on our next-generation platforms. We see multiple waves of growth ahead in Industrial Automation. We're also delivering solid profitability across our test and automation portfolio, taking the actions necessary to achieve our 2021 model that has our Industrial Automation segment at a $1 billion business, all while continuing to return significant capital to our investors. With that, I'll turn the call back to Andy.
Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc.: Thanks, Greg. Thea, we'd now like to take some questions. And as a reminder, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up.
Operator: And the first question will come from Richard Eastman with Baird.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hi. Just a quick – my first question is around – Mark, I think you addressed this in your commentary, but is the expectation for the second half revenue for TER still roughly equivalent to the first half revenue for TER?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yes, that's about what we expect and, of course, the Industrial Automation should be a bit stronger than the first half and Test will be a bit down, but 50/50.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then, just a quick question around the Systems Test business as well as the Wireless Test businesses. I guess, if you kind of do that math, was some of the System Test business and Wireless, was some of that pulled into the first half, some of that revenue? Again, just curious if the lumpiness around the quarterly revenue for those two businesses, or have we kind of stepped up to a new revenue level for those two businesses?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: I'll take that one. It's principally in storage test within System Test, is inherently a lumpy business, and we get large orders concentrated. It's because we have a thin customer portfolio and they tool up periodically. And when they tool up, the orders come on one concentrated buying cycle.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Okay. All right. So...
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: I'd just add on Wireless Test, there's no evidence there of any sort of pull-in. I think the incremental demand we saw around cellphone, Wi-Fi was just addressing the inherent complexity growth there, and our customers were a little caught short on some capacity. But it's not a forward pull-in that we can see.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Vivek Arya with Bank of America.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking my question. First one on memory, when I look at what we hear from some of the front-end players and from some of the customers, and we look at the pricing trends, they seem to be more muted than the strength that you are seeing in memory. So, why the disconnect? Are these share gains? Is this new product? And what's the visibility around the utilization in orders in this segment?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Okay. So, first of all, visibility in memory is always pretty short. Maybe it's three months. So, with that being said, there's always a disconnect in time between the front-end facilitizing fabs which tend to be large multibillion-dollar investments that customers make to bring a fab online and with a lot of tool orders rolling in and such, and then the incremental investment they make once the fab is running to facilitate test. As they start to turn on production in these large investments, they incrementally grow wafer volume and incrementally add test along the way. And the lag time can be as much as six months to sometimes a year between when the tools go in on the front end and the fabs running at full volume. So, that's why you see a timing difference. We don't see, in terms of test demand for memory, any slowdown at the moment, but again I said the visibility is about three months on that. And the other thing I will reinforce that I said before, the market this year is very strong, $900 million to $1 billion of test capacity. A more sustainable level, I believe, is $700 million to $800 million. Will we see that next year, for example? It could very well happen. A lot will depend on what the indigenous China customers do with their facilitation of test.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. And for my follow-up, it's clear that you're trying to move the company more and more towards this faster area of Industrial Automation. Do you need to change anything organizationally as you look at the transformation of the company? Or do you think the way you have it set up right now is the right organizational structure?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah. I think we're doing it exactly right at the moment. Now, as Industrial Automation grows as part of the portfolio of Teradyne, there will be some adjustments we make structurally along the way, but right now we have pretty autonomous and separate operating groups for each of those businesses. The one advantage we have here is leveraging our manufacturing capability where we've achieved significant gross margin improvements. So, leveraging where we need to and get some immediate benefit, but letting the IA business run with its own DNA and its own sort of management team is the principle. And even now with MiR and Energid in the loop, we've got a umbrella strategy, but operating-wise we're still pretty much running independently. At some point, couple of years down the road, that could very well change, but not in the short term.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from C.J. Muse with Evercore.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: Yeah. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I guess, first question, trying to understand the sequential growth into the September quarter. Can you share with us how you're thinking about the storage side, whether that is sustainably strong or that downticks? And then as part of that, I would assume that you're seeing a meaningful acceleration in the UR, IA part of things.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Yes, C.J. The storage test into the third quarter does downtick, so that's not driving the growth. There's some good Semiconductor Test growth particularly in memory in the third quarter, so that's a piece of it and that's some new opportunities that we are shipping to. So, it's a big plus. And then, certainly, UR is a big part of the second half. We target 50% for the year. For the first half, we're at 40%, so we're targeting 60% growth over the corresponding period from a year ago. So, we've got a lot of actions underway, and we've hired a lot of people to make sure that we have the resources to pull that off.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: So, just to be clear you are, or for total IA or UR, you're targeting 60% year-over-year growth for the second half of calendar 2018.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Well, UR, we're targeting the whole segment to get 50%. UR is 45% to 50%. We want to get to 50%, but the first half we're at 40%. So, we hired a lot of people in the first quarter, the first part of this year, and they take about six months to become effective. So, we would expect a stronger second half, which you traditionally have in Industrial Automation.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: Perfect. Makes sense. And then, just a quick follow-up on your target model for calendar 2018. Do you still expect, given the changes in mix here, that the gross margins can be flat to up in 2018? And embedded in your OpEx guide in the slide deck, should we be thinking total OpEx given what you know now of around $690 million, $695 million?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Well, the gross margins, as you noted, have been improving over a period of time and they're actually at the high end of our model for 2021 already. So, we're pulling, we're actually, we're doing much better than we planned on that front and that's coming across the portfolio. Universal Robots is a piece of that as well. So, we decided not to update that model quite yet because of the other things that could go the other way. There's a lot of assumptions. But we feel very good where we are with the gross margins. The OpEx, it's going to be the same strategy. We're going to keep tests flat for the next several years and Industrial Automation is going to continue to grow expenses. So, if sales go up another 50%, I would expect OpEx would go up, but you'd end up with a similar profit rate, somewhere around 19%, 20%.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yeah. Good morning, guys. Congratulations on the strong results and thanks for letting me ask the question. Mark, Greg, in your prepared comments on the SoC test side, you specifically talked about things your customers can do to optimize. I'm just wondering if you could just help me understand and give me a little bit more detail. What levers do they pull for optimization? By how much do you think that can take down test time and sort of retard overall unit demand for testers? And then, I guess, what's the real world trade-off? Are they just willing to have things be good enough and that's the optimization? Or just help me better understand that.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Okay. Well, there's different levers customers can use to try to optimize. Historically, the one that we've talked about a lot in recent years that has reached its end is parallel test. So, that particular technique has run its course. But there's other techniques. So, another technique would be just trimming out tests in a long test program because you believe the probability of failure of that particular item is low. So, you do that with some risk that you might get some escapes that could affect either the end product manufacturing or the consumer experience. Now, in environments where there's not a lot of technology change, if for example, we're not moving to new silicon or we're not moving to a new lithography node, it's the same part that's now one year, two years old. That's a technique that people historically have used and continue to use. It's not new. But one of the things that works against that is a lot of the silicon rep rate here in the cycle time is quite short. So, every year as silicon gets reinvented, there's not enough time to learn what tests you can prune out and still because I'd say safe that your quality level isn't going to dip. So, that's another one that as, in the mobility world, as cycle times have become short, that's sort of gone by and by. So, there's nothing really new here. Those are two techniques. Let's say, eliminating tests is still prevalent; parallel test is less so.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: I'll just add to what Mark said. There are some techniques that aren't designed, but they can impact test. If yields all of a sudden improve substantially, then you need to do less tests because if yields are lower, you need to test more units to get the right number of good units out. So, the yield level between the prior generation and new generation does affect how many testers you need, and that's not really within great control of the customer. Also, how are they going to – when do they finish their tape-out and when do they go to market? Is that three months? Is it four months? How much time is there for the peak build cycle? So, there's a bunch of other variables that get very complex when you have multiple moving variables, but the ones that we see long term drive the trend line steadily with these aberrations are the complexity and unit growth.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: That's helpful. And then for my follow-up, guys, just on the Semi Test side, on the memory, clearly we've seen some adjustments in front-end capacity. I'm wondering if you could just talk a little bit about some of the offsets that you might have around share gains that you're seeing in memory and/or just test times and memory going up as memory speeds are increasing and complexity is going up. How do I think about that?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Well, what I said earlier on the macro front is that slowing front-end investments in memory fabs probably impact test anywhere from six months to a year later. A lot of what is being bought today in test is for fabs that were facilitated six months to nine months ago. So, that's one thing. But the new markets that we're entering in memory and wafer test are essentially 2x the size of the flash final test market that we've been playing in up until this year. So, if you roughly – for rough numbers, say, we've been participating uptil this year in a $200 million flash final test market. We've now expanded our served market to $600 million by adding wafer test. And we will incrementally gain share into that space over the next few years and by the 2021 earnings target that we've put out there, we expect we'll be in the high-30s to close to 40% overall share.
John William Pitzer - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Atif Malik with Citigroup.
Atif Malik - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. Thank you for taking my question and good job on execution. The first question on mobility, TSMC on its earnings call last week talked about a strong 7-nanometer ramp, and unlike 10-nanometer which was a transitional node built for one key customer, 7-nanometer is being widely adopted for high-performance computing, GPUs, server CPUs. And TSMC is not going to ramp down 7-nanometer capacity to convert to advanced nodes. What does it all mean for your semiconductor mobile test business for next year? And I have a follow-up.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah. The adoption of 7-nanometer in mobility is happening now. So, it's not just a next year phenomena, it's a this year phenomena. And the effect on test is really two things, one is it certainly means the devices have more transistors, so they held longer test times. That's a generic balloon for the test market. The other thing that Greg mentioned is the yields. What will yields be at 7-nanometer versus what they were when people transitioned to 10. If yields are better, then the test demand will be slightly lower. If yields are worst, then the test demand will be slightly higher. The early indications on 7-nanometer is that it's a pretty solid node. So, we don't see yields worse and, therefore, there won't be another balloon from that. But in terms of what that means for next year and what people start early transitions to – or when will they start transitioning to 5-nanometer. I think if people stay on 7-nanometer for two or three years, there'll be incremental yield improvement, which means there will be less test dedicated to testing that part. So, if we sit at a node for two to three years, then that has a slight negative effect on the test market.
Atif Malik - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then, any impacts on China tariffs, as China is the fast-growing market for your Industrial Automation business. I understand you ship out of Europe for your UR, MiR businesses. But any impacts on China tariffs that you're seeing?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: The only impact to date is the automatic test equipment code got caught up in the list of industries that tariffs would apply. So, when our contract manufacturer, Flex from Suzhou, China, ships into the U.S, there is a 25% tariff. So, as you can imagine, there aren't a lot of shipments from China to the U.S. because most test equipment is going into Asia. So, for that – those shipments saves about $50 million, we're going to do the assembly and final configuration test in other locations, not China. And therefore, we should avoid the tariff which would otherwise be above 25% of $50 million. So, apart from that, there's no other impacts that we're seeing and we've mitigated that and there's obviously uncertainty as to what might come next. All we can do is sort of have contingency plans in place which we do in terms of, if we have to move locations, how we do that.
Atif Malik - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Yeah, thank you.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Mark, I had a question on the Magnum platform. How differentiated is it relative to solutions from your competitors like Advantest and some of the local Korean companies? And is it differentiated enough for you to avoid any price competition? And kind of related to that, you talked about traction with the platform. Is it one large customer that you're involved with? Or is it spread across multiple memory customers?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: And I think we're talking about the wafer test space. So, in wafer test it's multiple customers. The competitiveness of the memory test space is actually reasonably high. It's a smaller set of customers, and it tends to be head-to-head competition. Other than the recent phenomena of new players emerging on the scene in China, there tends to be entrenched competitors anyplace they go for our share or we go for theirs. So, I would say, in general, it's a more competitive space, and you can see that reflected in both their gross margins and our gross margins. Ours are not that far out of line. They tend to be in the – I think they average in the low-50s. But it is more price competitive. We do have differentiation. We don't enter a market without differentiation, and the differentiation that we had on the flash final test side that allowed us to gain quite a bit of market share in a short time was tremendous. That happens once every 10 to 15 years. That was extraordinary and great. The differentiation we have in flash wafer test is not as great, but still significant which is why we've already had two customers convert to the platform and have others in flight. So, I don't expect that margins will be such far out of the norm of what we've seen in the past, and I do think there will be some disciplined share gains we'll see over time as we roll this product out.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. And then I had a follow-up on the UR side of things. Mark, in your prepared remarks you talked about the e-Series and some of the new tasks that it can address relative to your previous platform. I was just curious, to what extent does the introduction of the e-Series expand your SAM in cobots? And I guess you guys have talked about waves of adoption in the UR business over the next couple of years. Does the introduction of the e-Series kind of allow you to grow above 50% over the next several quarters? Or should we not think that way for the UR business? Thank you.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Okay. Yeah. I think the e-Series won't specifically increase the SAM, but what it will do is increase our ability to have velocity into the SAM. So, take some applications like polishing as an example. We've, up until before the e-Series was introduced, had polishing applications that relied on some third-party partner add-ons to the product and some relatively complex programming on the part of the customer. What the e-Series does for polishing is tremendously simplifies those applications. It embeds a lot of the touch and force measurement into the native architecture of the product and by extension simplifies the programming. So, we should get more velocity into polishing, as an example, from the e-Series, and that's true across another broader set of applications. Separate from what the e-Series enables, there's other things happen in the ecosystem that will expand the SAM, and those get back to – Greg mentioned 3D vision as a technology that is developing rapidly. And as it becomes practical to adopt that on the cobot, we will expect the SAM to increase to allow more, let's say, picking applications to be addressable with the product. So, that's coming. That might be something we see more start to pick up next year, but that's coming. So, to your other point or question, can we grow greater than 50%, and the waves of adoption that Greg talked about, we do think there will be that opportunity as we get these two things solidly into the market, but that's probably – the effects of that are probably more next year than this year.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Timothy Arcuri - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Thanks. My first question is on Semi Test. I know, Greg, you'd been talking about Semi Test revenue being – or rather SoC revenue was roughly going to be 50/50 for the year. I know that you just said that total company revenue will be 50/50, but previously you had said that SoC revenue would be 50/50. Now that you're taking the TAM sort of up to the high end of the range, do you think that the back half for SoC could be a little better than 50/50?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: I still think it's in the 50/50 neighborhood. It could be, but I wouldn't say pencil that in. Again, we didn't have the big Q2 surge, but everything else is looking pretty solid. We have trouble predicting the fourth quarter this far away, but at the moment it looks like it could be reasonable. And our strong quarter is the third quarter, so that's the quarter that's going to cover a little bit of whatever happens in the fourth quarter. So, it could be 50/50.
Timothy Arcuri - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Okay. Awesome. And then for Industrial Automation, you guys were saying 50% this year growing before MiR, and MiR was going to add, I think, $25 million to $30 million when you add MiR and Energid for the year. So, that was going to add about 10% for the year. But now, sounds like you're still saying that the whole segment is going to grow 50%, maybe 55% for the year. So, it seems like a little bit of a downtick. It seems like maybe you've lost $20 million to $25 million for the year in that segment. Am I not reading that right? Or is there something happening there?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: No. I mean, MiR is on track. Their plan is to get to about $30 million of revenue. We could handicap that and say $25 million, but keep in mind they were $12 million last year. So, whether they get to $25 million or $30 million, it's going to be 100% type growth plus. So, we're quite confident we'll be mid 20s, but the stretch target is $30 million.
Timothy Arcuri - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah, I guess I'm just – my question was more that you were saying that the segment would grow 50% and then you bought a company that's doing $30 million during the year, and you're still saying that the segment grows 50%. So, like something seems like it got lost.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: No. It grew. Last year it was $12 million in sales, last year. This year, it's going to be $25 million, maybe upwards of $30 million. So that's 100% growth. So, it may be the time period that you jotted down or what we said, there's some confusion, but when we said 50% to 100% growth, we were talking about the prior year as a starting point. But even with that said, we would expect next year to be 50% plus growth. The thing about MiR is it is so much earlier than Universal Robots, and therefore, customers are even less aware of what's possible. But when they do learn about it, we tend to have leads that can be 10 pieces, 15 pieces, it's not 1 or 2. So, it might be a bit lumpy, but it certainly has the ability to grow at a much faster rate because it's small and the orders are larger quantities.
Timothy Arcuri - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Yeah. I was talking about the segment as a whole but, yeah, great. Thanks.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Okay. I lost it.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: I just think just to clarify on that one question again that, for the total IA segment, what we've been saying is UR grows at about 50% plus a year. We add in MiR which is growing in that 50% to 100% range, and this is over the course of a couple of years, so we would expect the combined segments to be growing in that long-term model we put out, 50% to 55%. There's obviously room for some upside on that, but as we've demonstrated with UR, we've had three years of growth beyond the 50% level. We're still sticking to that 50% level for this year as well, but adding MiR in does give us some upside potential.
Operator: The next question is from Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson.
Thomas Robert Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Yes. Good morning. When you look at the new e-Series, it sounds like a lot of that is software driven. Does that give you an opportunity to retrofit your 25,000 or so robots in the field?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: No, we would not be retrofitting those cobots. This product is different enough that it would not make sense, and those cobots are all being used very productively, so no.
Thomas Robert Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. And then just a follow-up on the question about your facilities in China. How long would it take you to move final assembly from a Chinese facility to another region?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: It would probably take us, to be up in full production is probably six weeks, but if the rest of the world is doing the same thing, then we might run into a problem.
Thomas Robert Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Mehdi Hosseini with SIG.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Group: Yes. Thanks for squeezing me in. Just going back to the Industrial Automation, and appreciate the breakdown between UR and MiR. You mentioned the longer-term growth of 50% to 55% with a bias to the upside. Is that upside going to be dependent on additional acquisition? And I had a follow-up.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: No. It's not dependent upon additional acquisitions. It's dependent solely on new enabling technologies that expand what these products can do, and these enabling technologies are things like Energid path planning or these vision modules. I'm speaking about the arm now. So, there's new technologies that we see that should hit the market and be usable with an easy-to-use framework, and that expands the market. But we don't need to buy anything or acquire anything.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Group: Got it. And then shifting gear to Semi Test, specifically SoC, I like the way you frame the opportunity to 7-nanometer, but I want to dig in. To me, it seems like incremental growth drivers are driven by GPU and new ASIC chips, two areas where historically Teradyne has had lower market share. Is there any specific program? Or what are your thoughts about getting share? Because in order to take that 2% to 4% CAGR growth for Semi Test, you need to see your Semi Test market share rebound, and in my opinion, the GPU and ASIC will become critical. So, any thoughts will be appreciated.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah. In my prepared comments, Mehdi, I was talking about how edge AI which a lot of the – and ASICs in particular – are areas we are participating and have good share. The GPU area itself is not something that we have good share in. We obviously have some targets there, but it will take technology discontinuities to enable us to get into the specific GPU market. But the growth rate, if you talk about the growth rate of these class of parts, today as a baseline, roughly speaking, we think that the GPU and ASIC, AI-related chips are $100 million-ish of ATE test. And they're probably going to grow at 10% plus, maybe 20% clip over the next few years. That's a combination of both GPU and ASIC, which incorporates these AI at the edge elements. So, for that piece of the market that we think is also going to be growing in these 20% clip rate, we will and are participating. For the GPU segment, we're not counting on it, but we are positioned for certain technology discontinuities that could give us a shot.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Group: Great. Do you mind if I just have a follow-up? On the ASIC side, do you think your customers are going to be like subcons? Is that going to be more like a foundry? Or is there a new category of a customer that is emerging? I'm not sure who are the customers looking forward for this specific area.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Well, it's like other parts of the fabless world. The actual test equipment buyers will be foundries and subcons, and that's true today. The actual selling of the capability of the tester will be to the design house. So, in some cases, you'll find an automotive manufacturer designing an ASIC for autonomous driving for their vehicle, and it will be that design team that will choose the test equipment. In other cases, an automotive manufacturer might outsource the design to a third-party silicon house. That third-party silicon house will be the house that decides on the test supplier. So, it's usually almost always the design team.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Group: Got it. Thank you. Very helpful.
Operator: The next question will come from Krish Sankar with Cowen and Company.
Krish Sankar - Cowen and Company LLC: Yeah. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I had two of them. One is, on the memory market it looks like your market share is probably in the mid- to high-20s. And you guys have spoken about getting to like a 40%-plus market share over the next few years. Is it primarily coming from moving into flash wafer tests? Or is there a way to quantify how much is flash wafer test and how much would DRAM be as part of that market share mix? And then I had a follow-up.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah. It moves around every year, but a way to think about it is the market segments 25%, 25%, 25%, 25%. So, final test 25% DRAM, 25% flash wafer test, 25% DRAM, 25% flash. So, by entering the wafer test portion of memory test, we've increased our served market from 25% of the overall market to 75% of the overall market. Now, in any given year that can move a little bit, but average it over three or four years, that's about how it breaks down.
Krish Sankar - Cowen and Company LLC: Got it. Got it. All right. That's very helpful. And then, I had a follow-up on the Wireless Test. I understand 5G is going to be mass deployment still like two, three years out, but if we look like some of your comps like Keysight, they are already beginning to get traction on 5G testers. And my understanding was from a test standpoint this could be probably more of an early cyclical. But I'm just trying to wonder why you guys are not seeing the traction in 5G, while some of your peers are.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah. Our differentiation is much more in the production environment when 5G gets rolled out in high volume. We excel in that environment. We have the easiest-to-use testers, great throughput, great support. The company you mentioned and others tend to be more lab-based, so they're there earlier, and the feature set they have often isn't what you need in production. It's probably too costly, but it's very useful in the lab.
Krish Sankar - Cowen and Company LLC: Thanks, Greg.
Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc.: Okay. And, operator, we have time for just one more question, please.
Operator: Yes, sir. The final question is from Patrick Ho with Stifel.
Patrick J Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you very much. Mark, maybe if you could give a little bit of color in terms of the SoC trends that you saw in the June quarter. Was it a steady kind of buildup that led to the upside? Or was it a kind of a sudden surge at the end of the quarter with some of the marketplaces you talked about, power management, analog, automotive?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: It was pretty steady. Analog, for example, throughout the quarter continued the order rate at a very steady clip. It usually can be lumpy, but our principal customers in automotive and industrial that are analog suppliers have just been for a couple of years now, but increasingly buying at a steady rate. Automotive, similar. If anything, we saw one isolated area that I would say might have been a bit of a surge toward the end of the quarter, and that was around image sensors, which is usually a mobility-related issue, image sensor testing. But everything else was pretty steady.
Patrick J Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Great. And my follow-up question, following up on the SoC test trends. These trends, obviously as you mentioned, have been actually pretty consistent over the last few years on these type of devices. I know it's a little bit early, but as you look at 2019, given some of the new marketplaces, new applications and new products that are coming out, do you see another healthy year in these type of, I guess, the low-end IC device test market for 2019?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah. I think that's really hard to call. I don't see anything that is an anchor at the moment. I do think the real next uptick coming – and it's probably late 2019 into 2020 – is 5G. So, that will produce a lot of demand because the technologies tend to obsolete the semiconductor test equipment that's out there. So, that will be a very discernible and additional wave that comes. But the other markets and the other buying that's going on now, I would say, feels – and has been for a couple of years and feels right now to be just steady as she goes.
Patrick J Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc.: Great. Okay. Everybody, thanks for joining us today. This concludes the call and we look forward to talking to you in the days and weeks ahead.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-25 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc. Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc. Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.
Analysts: Vivek Arya - Bank of America Atif Malik - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Group Timothy Arcuri - UBS Securities LLC C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC Brian Edward Chin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. David Duley - Steelhead Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Zekenia, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Teradyne Q1 2018 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Andrew Blanchard. Sir, please go ahead.
Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc.: Thank you, Zekenia. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results and the details of our acquisition of MiR, the leader in autonomous mobile industrial robots. I'm joined by our CEO, Mark Jagiela, and our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher. The press release containing our first quarter results was issued last evening, and the release describing the purchase of MiR was issued earlier this morning. We're providing slides on the Investor page of the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion. Replay of this call will be available via the same page after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release as well as our most recent SEC filings. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we'll make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We've posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, are available on the Investor Page of our website. Also, between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne will be participating in Investor Conferences hosted by Cowen, Bernstein, BofA, Baird, Stifel and Credit Suisse. We'll also be meeting with investors in Munich at the automatica trade show in June and at SEMICON West in early July. Now let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, Mark will comment on our recent results, market conditions and the acquisition of MiR. Greg will then offer more details on our quarterly financial results and the acquisition, followed by our guidance of the second quarter. We'll then answer your questions and this call is scheduled for one hour. Mark?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Good morning, and thanks for joining us a bit earlier than usual this morning. In my remarks, I'll cover three main topics: our Q1 results, our latest view of this year's Semi Test market and our Industrial Automation investments, including the purchase of MiR, which was announced in a press release earlier this morning. Our first quarter financial results were at the high end of our guidance as conditions in most end markets, other than mobility, remained quite strong. In Semi Test, our Memory Test shipments reached a level of $73 million, a new record. Flash demand continued to grow, driven by the increasing adoption and increasing densities of high-performance NAND devices for mobile and data storage applications. We also saw record shipments into the DRAM wafer segment. In analog test, our Eagle product line shipment soared in the quarter on demand from industrial and automotive end markets. The one soft spot in Semi Test, and it was especially soft, was mobility test, where the expected demand did not materialize and the full year outlook declined. More on that in a few moments. Universal Robots growth in the quarter was on target, with sales up 34% from last year's atypically high first quarter. UR remains on track to increase sales at 50% or more for the full year. Sales growth at UR comes from both increasing our penetration of existing markets and establishing beachheads in new markets. For example, in automotive assembly, which we've served for many years, our new application uses UR cobots to vacuum the inside of cars on the production line before their interiors are installed. A new example is in the entirely new market of banking. UR cobots are now operating banknote sorting and counting machines, eliminating adult task for human operators while improving accuracy and security. In line with our strategy to reinforce our competitive moats and to be the industry standard for collaborative robots, we continue to build out UR's global infrastructure in the quarter. We opened a new repair center in Shanghai and our third China sales office in Beijing. We opened our fifth office in the U.S. and Boston and added new offices in Italy and Turkey. We've also expanded our online training facility, UR Academy, to include Korean and Japanese language offerings, so we are now offering efficient online UR training courses in seven languages. Turning to the full year outlook in Semi Test. The biggest component of that market is mobility test. In that segment, with the data we have today, we now expect substantially lower demand for new test capacity this year than we anticipated in our January call. This leads us to lower our 2018 estimate for the SOC market to the $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion range, at the midpoint, down $300 million from the midpoint of our January outlook. Due to our high share in this segment, much of this reduction in the market will hit Teradyne this year. I should point out that this is not a result of any loss of business to competitors, and we do not believe it's a long-term, broad-based change in the mobility market. Rather, it is an isolated reset of specific 2018 customer plans. Our Q2 guidance reflects this revised outlook, and we now expect first half sales to be about even with second half sales. Year-to-year volatility in the Semi Test market is nothing new, and we expect this to continue both up and down in the coming years. In fact, two sequential up years in 2016 and 2017 is more the exception than the rule this decade. Because these market terms are hard to predict, we tuned our business model to deliver strong results independent of these annual swings. And as Greg will describe, our 2021 earnings model remains intact and anticipates this kind of yearly volatility. Despite this year's mobility slowdown, the long-term semiconductor test story remains bright. The underlying complexity growth in mobility remains, especially with the emerging 5G technologies. In addition, continued bit and performance growth in memory is a positive trend. And the development of ADAS and IVI systems in automotive will be additional drivers of test complexity and capacity. As an example, the Memory Test market is in a particularly strong investment phase. This year's market outlook seems to be strengthening further, but the market size is now estimated to be in the $800 million to $900 million range, up 100 million at the midpoint from our January estimate. Our entry into the wafer test portion of the market is on track, and we expect wafer test to make up over 30% of our Memory Test shipments in 2018. Additionally, the increase in complex, real-time processing of a myriad of sensor data in autonomous vehicles also drives complexity in test growth. A multitude of specialized processes sits between raw sensor data and the decision-making engine of modern autos. This growing proliferation also bodes well for test. Shifting to this morning's announcement of our purchase of MiR, I'll outline the strategic rationale behind this investment and describe the fit with Teradyne. Greg will then take you through the financial details. MiR's collaborative autonomous mobile robots are used in industrial settings to move material between workstations or to and from storage locations. For comparison, traditional automated guided vehicles, about a $1 billion market today, require special fixed infrastructure such as embedded floor guides, tracks or other permanent references to navigate, thereby confining themselves to fixed navigation patterns. By contrast, MiR's AMRs require no fixed infrastructure to navigate, are safe, flexible and are easy to dispatch and train. Using a suite of intelligent sensor technologies, including LiDAR, it can automatically map the environment and autonomously navigate while dynamically and safely avoiding obstacles. This enables customers to incrementally automate and adds great flexibility by easily adapting to changing workflows and changing factory layouts with no infrastructure change. MiR's story has many similarities to the UR cobot story, and having MiR as part of Teradyne gives us three clear benefits. First, this is a rapidly growing emerging market where we expect high growth for the foreseeable future; second, MiR is a market leader in this space; and third, there are clear opportunities to leverage the success of Universal Robots to MiR's business. Let me provide more detail on each of these points. Regarding the market, collaborative AMRs are part of the rapidly growing $5 billion mobile robot market. While market data is in imprecise, we estimate that the emerging industrial AMR segment that MiR serves to be under $50 million in 2017, but growing at a rate of 50% to 100% for the foreseeable future. Second, MiR is the leader in industrial collaborative robots. Last year's sales of $12 million were about triple the prior year, and we expect 2018 sales to more than double again. That growth is driven by the unique capabilities of MiR's products. In addition to their autonomous nature, MiR's robots are easily trained and dispatched using just a tablet or mobile phone. After mapping their own environment, after just a few finger motions to identify the start and stop locations on your factory floor, you're ready to go. And as your MiR fleet grows, our fleet management software integrates the operation of your factory's robots, making overall control easy. Finally, Teradyne can leverage both our expertise with Universal Robots and our global capabilities to drive growth at MiR. The rapid expansion of an increasingly shared global distribution channel, improved supply chain management, and continued innovation through increased R&D investments enable rapid growth and market leadership. With ASPs similar to UR, the fast customer ROI value proposition is the same. And with similar gross margins, MiR is a nice fit into our Teradyne operating model. The addition of MiR to our earlier acquisition of Universal Robots continues our investment in next-generation intelligent automation capabilities, which are reshaping the nature of industry activity worldwide. We are investing in these software-rich, technology-driven building blocks of the future because we believe we're very early in the transition from centralized, complex, and costly automation usable by only a small percentage of global manufacturers, toward a distributed, easy-to-implement, low-cost automation that's available to nearly all industrial companies regardless of their size or automation proficiency. In addition to UR and MiR, our portfolio also includes Energid, an advanced motion control software company that we acquired in February. Energid's technology enables and simplifies the programming of complex robotic motions used in a wide variety of end markets, ranging from heavy industry to healthcare, utilizing both traditional robots and, increasingly, collaborative robots. This technology extends beyond controlling individual robot motions to orchestrating groups of robots to perform coordinated tasks. We welcome MiR and Energid, their employees, and their customers to the Teradyne family. Let me now turn it over to Greg.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'll provide some brief comments on 2018, cover the financial aspects of our recent Industrial Automation M&A moves, and then cover the first quarter results and second quarter outlook. As you can see, 2018 has opened with first quarter sales of $487 million and non-GAAP EPS of $0.45, followed with softer second quarter guidance than expected. I'd like to first flesh out the short-term picture of both in terms of our updated 2018 SOC Test market estimate and the Universal Robots first quarter sales comparisons. Starting off with semi test, as Mark noted, we now estimate the 2018 SOC Test market to run between $2.2 billion and $2.4 billion, down about 12% at the midpoint from our prior estimate. What appeared earlier this year to be a delay in mobility demand may now shape up as more of an off year, with recent reports of lower complexity growth for a significant portion of the smartphone market and a near-term focus on lower cost. This pause in complexity growth is reminiscent of the tick-tock pattern we had a few years back, where every other year the degree of performance jumps as measured by transistor count growth oscillated quite significantly, which in turn moved our semi test sales up or down about $200 million a year. While we can't be certain, we may be witnessing this prior pattern reemerge, at least in the short term. I should also add that last year, our initial SOC Test market size range was $2.2 billion to $2.5 billion, and the market ended the year at $2.7 billion. As we have previously noted in our quarterly calls, tooling cycles will continue to experience quarterly and annual volatility. While these annual ebbs and flows of market size will continue, they don't have any strategic implications for us, as we long ago sized and modeled our operations for this volatility. Since the start of this decade, we've had three years where the SOC Test market was just above $2.6 billion, three years when it was below $2.4 billion, with a trough of $1.9 billion. Despite these swings, our non-GAAP operating profit rate at the total company level has averaged 22% on an annual basis over this eight-year period. The point being is that we're finely tuned for these SOC Test market swings. Moving now to Universal Robots, recall that we announced a price increase in the first quarter a year ago to take effect in the second quarter. This caused first quarter sales to spike up 117% over the year-ago first quarter period. We are on the other side now where the comparison works against us, as the 2018 first quarter sales are up 34% from a year ago. Correspondingly, we expect our second quarter sales growth to be much stronger than the second quarter of a year ago, and to remain on the 50% or greater annual growth trajectory this year after growing sequentially 58%, 62%, and 72% over the last three years. Now that I've addressed the two short-term concerns, I'll round out the 2018 picture and our key annual goals. Overall, in 2018 we expect to continue to take the strategic actions necessary to make solid progress against our midterm $3.50 to $4.00 non-GAAP EPS plan. The single largest contributor from the $2.34 achieved in 2017 is Universal Robots sales growth of 45% to 50% a year over the next four years. This year, Universal Robots is ramping up their investments in distribution and development from about $16 million a quarter at the end of 2017 to about $30 million a quarter by the end of 2018. On the distribution front, we'll start to call on some large accounts and OEMs directly this year with very tight coordination with our channel partners. We're also upping our lead generation programs with digital and print media to get the word out, as there are still many manufacturing managers who aren't aware of what is possible today with UR cobots. On the product development front, even though we have a market lead in ease-of-use and flexibility, we're making our cobots even easier to train as lower setup cost will open up more customer applications and widen the competitive moat. On this same theme, we recently acquired Energid, the leader in motion control and task planning. In addition to their ongoing business, Energid's advanced software algorithms will also open up more advanced user applications for our cobots. Lastly, we're strategically rounding out our UR+ ecosystem offerings by targeting the key regional developers where we don't have certified accessories for some of the mainstream tasks. So there are many actions underway to expand our lead in automating repetitive and tedious tasks that are unattractive for humans. The second major EPS growth component is Semi Test, where it's more about continued strong profit drop-through on further share gains and the continuation of low secular trend line growth. These plans follow our proven playbook, careful targeting where we can differentiate so that we preserve our healthy gross margins and also recognizing that switchover costs are high, so rarely does price by itself move share. I'll out one key area for growth, which is Memory Test. To date, our share is principally concentrated in flash final test, with a shift to high-speed interfaces plays to our Magnum's architectural strength. This year, we're on track for another new sales record. We expect to significantly exceed our prior 2017 record of $187 million given the strong demand in final test and with our entry into wafer level test. We're on track to have six consecutive years of sales growth in Memory Test gaining about 12 points of market share since 2012. Now moving on to the system test businesses. Defense and aerospace, production board test, and storage test are all expected to operate at modeled profitability for the year. Shifting quickly to Wireless Test, the 2018 goal is to operate in the black while securely positioning ourselves for the next Wi-Fi buying wave and the larger 5G waves further out in time. In Wi-Fi, we're maintaining our market lead. And on the 5G cellular front, we're making good progress with leading chipset players so that when the production buying occurs, we'll squarely be in the mix. Our 2018 goals also include a balanced capital allocation strategy of healthy capital returns through buybacks and dividends and a highly selective M&A. Starting with the strategic highlights. We acquired MiR this morning, the global leader in industrial mobile autonomous robots. I'll highlight the key financial aspects in dollars using the current exchange rates. The purchase price is approximately $148 million, net of cash acquired, plus an earnout of up to $124 million if certain performance targets are achieved. MiR is on track to achieve 2018 revenue of about $30 million on a standalone basis, up from about $12 million in 2017. In the first quarter of this year, before joining Teradyne, they had sales of $5 million. MiR's regional sales distribution for the first quarter, which is not included with our results, was 45% Europe, 24% North America, 30% Asia and 1% rest of world. They are profitable and are expected to be immediately accretive to our non-GAAP EPS. Their gross margins are similar to Teradyne's margins. MiR will run as a separate business unit, led by its very strong management team. The $124 million earnout includes three cumulative revenue targets with profitability floors. We provide a schedule of these earnouts, and you can see that the growth rates to earn the first dollar of the earnouts are well in excess of 50%. We're confident that adding MiR to our portfolio will offer superior returns to an even larger stock buyback. MiR, in many respects, is a younger sibling team to Universal Robots, sharing many of the same unique attributes around ease-of-use and flexibility, attractive price points and a market lead. It differs in that it's earlier in its lifecycle, and it's on wheels. We also can offer MiR a host of larger company capabilities similar to what we've been able to bring to Universal Robots around supply line sourcing, our global footprint, and strong balance sheet. We expect to grow MiR 50% or greater, with the emphasis on the greater, with 100% growth near in. For the first three months of 2018, MiR's sales were $5 million, up more than threefold from $1.5 million in the first three months of 2017. We also acquired Energid for $25 million, plus up to an additional $16.5 million in contingent bonuses. Energid is expected to achieve about $6 million in revenue for calendar year 2018 on a stand-alone basis. We've also provided a slide on Energid with further details. Energid will run as a stand-alone business by their experienced management team. We've updated our midterm model for the inclusion of MiR and Energid. You'll see that our 2021 Industrial Automation revenue model is now estimated at 30% of the total Teradyne revenue versus the prior Universal Robots only contribution target of 27% of the total. For reporting purposes, MiR and Energid's result will be included in our Industrial Automation segment. Our cash and marketable securities balances stand at $1.588 billion, down $316 million from the fourth quarter. The two drivers to this cash usage were: our balanced capital allocation strategy and operating uses. On the former, we returned $152 million of capital, principally through $134 million in share repurchases, we paid $18 million dividends and we acquired Energid, a leader in robotics motion control for $25 million. On the operating cash outflows, we paid our annual compensation programs out in the first quarter, along with certain tax payments. And our receivable DSO grew to 77 days, in part due to the overwhelming majority of our shipments being back-end loaded and the new revenue recognition standard, which scores certain revenue streams a bit earlier. Recall, we planned to buyback at least $750 million of our stock this year and return approximately $70 million in dividends. Moving to the details of the first quarter. Our sales were $487 million. The non-GAAP operating profit rate was 22% and the non-GAAP EPS was $0.45. We had one 10% customer in the quarter, and gross margins were 55%. This year, non-GAAP operating expenses were $165 million, up $5 million from the fourth quarter, primarily due to expansion of UR's distribution programs. Comparing our first quarter OpEx of $165 million versus the year ago period, it's up by $4 million for similar reasons. Semi Test sales were $373 million in the first quarter, with SOC making up $300 million, and Memory Test, the balance at $73 million, a new record for Memory Test. Semi Test service revenue totaled $65 million in the quarter. At UR, sales were $49 million, a new first quarter record. Regionally UR's first quarter sales breakdown: 44% Europe, 28% North America, 23% in Asia and 5% rest of world. System Test sales were $43 million, and Wireless Test sales were $23 million in the first quarter. Turning now to the guidance for the second quarter. Sales are expected to be between $490 million and $520 million. The non-GAAP EPS range is $0.45 to $0.52 on 196 million diluted shares. Q2 guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles, restructuring and the noncash convertible debt interest. The second quarter gross margin should run at 57%, up 2 points from the first quarter due to product mix. And total OpEx should run from 34% to 36%. The operating profit rate at the midpoint of our second quarter guidance is about 22%. Let me quickly cover OpEx for 2018. We expect full year Test business OpEx spending to be essentially flat year-over-year apart from normal changes in variable compensation, which is tied to profitability levels. In Industrial Automation, we'll invest aggressively to get further ahead. And we expect quarterly OpEx to approach $35 million towards the end of the year, up from $16 million in the fourth quarter of 2017. This includes the addition of MiR, Energid and the increased investments across our three robotics business units to capture more of the long-term growth. Notwithstanding, our planned Industrial Automation investments, we expect the segment to achieve mid-teen operating profit rates for the full year. Shifting now to taxes. Our full year tax rate is expected to be about 16%, up one point from the January estimate. We started 2018 with some very exciting Industrial Automation additions; MiR, the leader in industrial mobile autonomous robots; and Energid, a leader in robot motion control. We're also investing aggressively in Universal Robots to further our lead and stay on our 45% to 50% midterm growth plan. Our test businesses in aggregate have consistently generated solid profitability and free cash flow since 2010 and can readily navigate the ebbs and flows of the market size swings. We're also returning significant capital to shareholders with our $750 million buyback this year and the ongoing dividend program. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Andy.
Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc.: Thanks, Greg. Zekenia, we'd now like to take some questions, and as a reminder, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America: Thank you for taking my question. If I heard you correctly, I think for 2018, you're suggesting roughly $2 billion plus/minus in terms of the top line outlook. Is it fair to say a lot of the delta versus consensus expectations has been captured in Q2, or should we anticipate any other trends in your mobility business in the second half?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: I think that if you look at what we said, meaning that the first half of this year and the second half of this year are roughly going to be 50/50 in our annual revenue, that you can do the math there and get close to what you just cited. We don't expect any further weakness in mobility. I think this is a pretty isolated case, and the rest of the year and most all other segments should be strong.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America: Thanks. And as a follow-up, as your business mix continues to shift more towards robotics, how should we think about just the overall growth contribution from robotics right with these new acquisitions that you have made? They seem to be obviously of a smaller base, but growing faster than the UR business, so growth outlook there as well as what it means in terms of operating profitability level?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: In terms of the Industrial Automation segment, we've actually updated our model slide that's in the deck. Previously, we just had Universal Robots and we had 45% to 50% growth through 2021. Now we've upped that to 50% to 55% growth with these other new additions. MiR is certainly growing at a higher rate, as it's early in its life cycle. So we see the Industrial Automation business in 2021 getting to $900 million to $1 billion, so it should be a significant part of Teradyne's business. The profitability rate last year was 19%. This year, we're making aggressive investments, so the profit rate could be a little bit less. It may still end up close to 19%. But over time, we would expect the profit rate to move up into the low to mid-20s.
Vivek Arya - Bank of America: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Atif Malik with Citigroup.
Atif Malik - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you for taking my question. In your prepared remarks, you commented mobile is lower complexity growth this year. Application processor opportunity is a complex function of optimization of die size through shrink and increasing transistor count. As you look at the ramp down of 10-nanometer this year and ramp up of 7-nanometer and then 7-nanometer plus 5-nanometer the next couple of years, do you expect complexity for your test business to return for mobility testing? And then I have a follow-up.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yes, I do think that what we see in the aggressive move to finer geometries and the transistor counts will keep propelling complexity in mobility and test time. So everything we see from today would say that that general trend is intact. And as we said in our prepared remarks, for most of this decade, what we had seen customers doing is have a fairly aggressive year of complexity growth, followed by a more modest year of complexity growth. 2017 was a bit of an exception to that rule. And by all measures, as far as we can see, we may be just reverting back to that trend.
Atif Malik - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then, Greg, I don't know if I heard a number for the wireless test market this year. In January, you're expecting that market to be flat year over year. Does this change your plans to potentially divest this business?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: We don't have plans to divest the business, the Wireless Test business. Let me get that one first. The market in Wireless Test is likely to be a little bit smaller this year, slightly smaller. Some of the 802.11ax introductions have slipped out in time, the new wireless standard. But Wireless Test will be profitable. And it's all about positioning for the buying waves that occur now and next year for 802.11ax and, longer term, in 2020 for 5G.
Atif Malik - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great, thank you so much. My first question is on the Semi Test business. Mark, you talked about lowering you SOC Test TAM by $300 million. I just wanted to confirm that that was all mobile, and your view on Analog Test and MCUs and so on and so forth haven't changed over the past three months.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: That's correct. All of that is mobility, and the other segments are quite strong.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And sticking to Semi Test, you talked about share gains on the wafer test side and memory. Can you give us an idea where market share is today, where you see that going over the next couple of years? And curious, have you seen any kind of retaliation from your nearest competitor given that it's a pretty important business for them?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yes, so right now we're in the mid-20s, just 27% – 28% market share coming out of last year. And as we open up the wafer test portion of the market, our target by 2021 in our midterm plan is to get close to 40% share roughly. In terms of retaliation, we've been very careful on how we've gone after market share gains, both in SOC and in memory, so that we don't precipitate that kind of retaliatory move. The current environment in memory test, being in a very high-growth phase and investment phase, has given a rising tide to lift all boats, let's say, despite some of the share gains that we're achieving here. So I don't see anything happening, that silliness in the environment of the Memory market, but we are making good progress on wafer test this year, and our target is 40%.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay, and then I had a quick follow-up on MiR. Congrats on the acquisition, by the way. I was just curious, if you can talk a little bit about the competitive landscape there. I know on the UR side, you've talked about having 60%-plus market share. I'm curious what the positioning there is for MiR and how you're different from both the hardware and software perspective relative to your peers. That would be great. Thanks so much.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: I'll take a crack at that. MiR is even a little bit murkier than Universal Robots. There's less third-party data out there. But our research has indicated that MiR is the leader in the industrial segment of mobile robots. And they probably – it's hard to put a number on the market share, but they're number one, and it's a number we can't be precise with, but we don't see a close second at the moment. So we have an early lead, but it's very early. And what MiR has done, similar to what Universal Robots did, it's the right price point. It's very easy to use and navigate, and it maps its own environment, so you don't need to be an engineer to deploy it. And we have a whole bevy of distributors who signed up, trained, out in the field providing these cobots. So it does have a lot of the Universal Robots first-mover advantage, the first mover with a reliable product. So that's how I'd ask you to try to think about it. We hope to get more market data over time, but it's sketchy at this stage.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mehdi Hosseini with Susquehanna International Group.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Group: Yes, thank you. Just a follow-up to the acquisition of MiR, it seems to me that you're paying about five times forward-looking sales ramp, given you a very generous assumption with the forward-looking sales, and the five times seems to be at a much higher valuation premium compared to when you acquired or announced acquisition of cobot. And I want to follow up with you. What's the rationale for paying the premium? And also, whether you can use the existing infrastructure in terms of manufacturing and your channel to scale MiR. I think, Greg mentioned that the longer term operating margin could be adversely impacted. And is that really driven by the changes that you need to make to the infrastructure to be able to scale MiR? So the question has to do with the premium applied and how you're going to be able to scale that.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Okay, Mehdi, maybe something was lost in translation. I'll get to the operating margin thing last, but there's no issue there. But starting with the premium, we did the traditional valuation analysis with a football chart. We looked at it multiple ways, and the multiple is somewhat similar to Universal Robots, but they're growing at a much higher rate than what Universal Robots was growing at, significantly higher. So it's earlier, growth rates are higher. If you look at Universal Robots as a case study, what it's done to Teradyne's value versus what we paid for, that's been a spectacular return. We expect MiR will do the same thing as well. And I think it's hard sometimes with valuation models when businesses are growing more than 50% a year, it's hard sometimes to get traditional valuation metrics and see how they fit because there aren't many businesses that grow at these super high rates. And they grow into these valuations very quickly and then they are substantially higher than what we paid for them, which is what happened with Universal Robots. The next thing on the operating margin, there's no deterioration in operating margins. The model we put out, we have the same operating profit rate in the future at 25% to 27%, with higher sales given the addition of MiR and Energid, so I apologize if something got lost in communication. I think the only thing that's happening is in the near term, we're investing aggressively in MiR and Energid, and they won't have the same profit rate as Universal Robots because they're early, they don't have the same scale; but over time, they will, and they'll contribute spectacularly to our model, which will have about 30% coming from Industrial Automation with very good margins on profit rate. In terms of the channels, each business has earnouts, and earnouts in these private companies are a key element that we use to bridge the valuation gap, because the sellers think it's worth a lot more than what we paid up front. But for us, to bridge that valuation gap, because there's always uncertainty with super high growth rates, if we use the earnouts. It's worked very well with Universal Robots. We'd done the same thing with MiR. So I think that's another thing that maybe can get you comfortable with the valuation. When you see the earnouts that MiR has signed up for, they've signed up for earnouts that – in 2018, the earnout starts over 100% of sales growth and tops out at 158%. But there's a chart that gives you the different earnout periods, and you can see it's substantially higher growth. The last thing I'll quickly say about earnouts is, we have to support these companies, which we have done in the past and help them achieve these earnouts. It's in our mutual interest. So if there are synergies that can help both companies working together, then we'll find them and we'll encourage that. But I think the greater synergies will come from Teradyne helping MiR like we did with Universal Robots. We've got much better pricing for some of the parts for Universal Robots. We've got better supply arrangements, buffer supply, upside supply, better quality. And then we – our HR team is able to hire people faster around the world, our real estate folks would open up offices quicker, our engineering team could help them with project management and getting better discipline in place. So there's a set of larger company capabilities that these small companies don't have, and that's another nice thing that Teradyne can bring. But we don't force a lot of these things on the company, it's a collaborative process where they pull, and we help them. I hope that answers the three questions.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Group: Actually, it was one question, three parts. May I ask one follow-up, quick follow-on SOC Test?
Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc.: Make it quick. Yeah.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Yes.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Group: Okay. Back in the January, you revised SOC upward. Now we're going backward. Isn't the problem nothing to do with the off-year, on-year? I thought we took that off table. Maybe perhaps the problem has to do with just the end market and until 5G is ready to go, the SOC Test market is going to be adversely impacted and the growth rates are not going to be as much as we thought it would be?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: I don't see it that way. The market unit growth in smartphones has not – it's kind of plateaued three or four years ago. And so what's been propelling the complexity growth since then isn't new wireless standards and such, it's more compute power behind more features in the phone. Now 5G will certainly kick in another round of bandwidth growth in the phones, which is additive on top of what we see in the past few years. So the lack of new wireless standards for the past three or four years, I don't think has impacted the Semi Test market. It certainly impacted LifePoint but I think 5G will be additive. And the feature growth and the complexity growth of the applications processors, power management ICs and such around that will continue to grow on average.
Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc.: Can we have our next question, please?
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Group: Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Timothy Arcuri - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you very much. So I have to say, I'm a bit confused on two fronts. First of all, on the SOC weakness, it seems like something else is happening because if you assume that most of the Wireless Test business is with your big customer, that would leave, based upon what was in the K last year, that would leave maybe $375 million to $400 million for that customer for your Semi Test business. And you're cutting about $300 million from the SOC TAM, so that's about 75% to 80% of that customer's test revenue. So I guess, like that's a much bigger number than you'd think given what's going on in the supply chain, so are there other customers cutting as well, number one? And second part of that question is, does that come back in 2019? And then I had another point that I'm also confused on. Thanks.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: So one point is that $300 million is not – although a lot of it, most of it is Teradyne, it's not all Teradyne. So that's one piece of the math. And then the average buying that occurs, the concentration of buying that occurs in our mobility segment has a lot of variability in it year to year. And if you do the math, coming off of 2017, at least, the numbers that you cited, are slightly higher in terms of – if you were to take the full $300 million out of Teradyne, you would still end up with a higher number than the bottom number that you suggested. So the fact that it's not $300 million for us, it's less, and we're coming off of a high 2017, I think neutralizes your math. And longer term, I'll go back to say that I think we've seen a pattern this decade of aggressive complexity growth, followed by something more moderate. This doesn't look much different than that so – and we know what is in development in terms of lithography nodes and such. So I don't think this is a reset or a change to the trend line, it's more a reversion back to what we've seen for most of this decade.
Timothy Arcuri - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Then I guess the second point is just on the model, so you guys just are spending $124 million to acquire MiR, and you're spending another $25 million. So you're spending like $175 million to acquire these two companies and possibly $300 million if that earn-out comes through. You did drop another $150 million to the op model in revenue for 2021. But the EPS number didn't change, and it's still the range. I mean, maybe this is all within the EPS range. But it's sort of is a bit of an odd message that you'd be spending up to $300 million to buy two companies and you wouldn't change your 2021 earnings model? Thanks.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Yes, Tim, we looked at that, and we thought about changing it, but we just put instead, addition of MiR and Energid, helps accelerate mid-term EPS target. We thought that was simpler that perhaps we could pull it in with these moves, but we could have changed it a bit, but we just opted not to, but it should improve, there's no doubt. There's no message we're trying to send to you that we didn't improve it, but we just chose to go about it differently.
Timothy Arcuri - UBS Securities LLC: Okay guys. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from C.J. Muse with Evercore.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: Yeah. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I guess a follow-up question on the mobility side. And so as you think about 2018, would love to hear your thoughts in terms of the pullback in spending. Was it primarily isolated to the AP arena only or did you also see a falloff in image sensor, power management, et cetera? And then I guess more importantly, as you look to 2019 and you think about the world transitioning or continuing to transition 10 to 7 and 7 to 7 plus in adopting EUV, and I know it's extraordinarily early today, but how are you thinking about a tick up in SOC into next year?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yes. So I think around the components that make up the mobility space, the predominant issue this year is AP-related. Interestingly, things like image sensors that you mentioned, PMIC, in fact, are stronger this year, so that's slightly offsetting some of the weakness in AP. So it's not broad-based mobility, it's a pretty focused issue. And as again, we look forward into next year with some of the aggressive designs and aggressive lithography nodes moving forward, people are doing this to get more complexity. They're not doing it to get lower cost. And we expect, therefore, this trend will come back, and we will see decent complexity growth from the future. It's just a very difficult thing. It's been true for decades that in any given short year, the predictability of the SOC market is very difficult. So we tend to look at the longer-term trend lines. This certainly surprised us, but it's not outside the bounds of what's normal in the SOC Test market.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: That's helpful. And as my follow-up, as you think about the inclusion of these two acquisitions into your Industrial Automation bucket, what kind of growth should we expect for that business here in calendar 2018? And what would the linearity look like through the year?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: The MiR acquisition, we expect, will grow from – last year, it was $12 million, but obviously it's not in our numbers. It was $5 million in the first quarter. We think for the calendar year, it'll be about $30 million. So $30 million minus $5 million is what you put in for the last three quarters skewed towards the fourth quarter. So you've got about $25 million in our numbers. Energid will be small, maybe $6 million, of which maybe $5 million is in our period going forward. But MiR is the high grower. Energid is more of a company that has capability that can help us sell more cobots long term.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: And just to be clear, those revenues are embedded in your first half, second half similar revenues?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Yes, it's in that because it's not that large in the grand scheme of things. It's not going to move that conclusion that the first half and second half are about similar, because you're adding under $30 million, certainly under $30 million in the second half because you've got a second quarter, too.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Farhan Ahmad with Credit Suisse.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, thanks for taking my question. My first question is related to margins. Historically, whenever you have a lower mix of mobility, in general, what I have noticed is that your margins – on the gross margin tend to be a little bit higher. I'm just a little bit surprised that we're getting around 55% this year versus more like 57% – 58% that we see in low mobility years. So I just wanted to understand that piece a little bit better.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: There were mobility shipments in the first quarter, so that perhaps explains that. But there won't be as many shipments in the second quarter as a percent of the mix, and that's why the second quarter moves up to 57%. But you are correct that there's heavy mobility buying. Because there's large volumes, there's better pricing.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got it. And then as we think about 2019, you mentioned that the pattern of tick-tock might be applicable to smartphones. But I'm just wondering given that we aren't having a big change at TSMC in terms of 7-nanometer to 7-nanometer plus next year and in this year, which is going from 10-nanometers to 7-nanometers, which is the same lithography node. So basically for three years, we are at the same lithography node. So why should we expect that there should be a dramatic increase in complexity next year?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: I do think next year you will see a much larger proportion of 7-nanometer utilization, and that's what will drive that change.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got it. And just one clarification, can just you talk about if the change in mobility was pretty much driven by one customer or if it was coming from diverse end markets?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: I think all I will say on that is it was primarily driven by AP, and it's pretty concentrated.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got it, thank you. That's all I have.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edwin Mok with Needham.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC: Great, thanks for taking my question. First, on Semi Test. So tests are typically reusable (50:18) with weakness in mobility. Do you see any customer start to probably use all that capacity for other test space and that might have an impact on your demand on also mobility or mobile SOC?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: No, and it turns out that the capacity utilization for the current fleet of mobility testers is quite high and it's being added to. So it's not like there's nothing happening in mobility. It's just down quite a bit, the capacity adds. So it's highly utilized. Additional systems are being put in place this year, just fewer than we had expected.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC: Okay, great. Thanks for clarifying that. And then on MiR, I guess I have a two-part question. First is, you said the market is around $50 million, right? Does that include warehousing and other things that people use those kind of robots, or is it just for manufacturing automation? I remember, I think Amazon bought a company around five years ago and they paid, what, $700 million for that. And my understanding at that point in time they were talking about a market much bigger than $50 million. So I'm just trying to understand if that includes the warehousing part which I think is what Amazon is using it for. And then longer term, do you see that, frankly, do you see Amazon potentially become a competitor for that business long term?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: So first of all, the market that we are describing for MiR is not the warehouse logistics market that would be something like Amazon Robotics would serve. It's industrial manufacturing applications primarily. There are also some applications in the healthcare segment for the mobile platform. But it's not logistics and big warehousing markets. On the other hand, the market is quite new and early because the sweet spot of this market is for the guy who needs to incrementally automate material movement in his factory. They're not required to build a new factory or retool the layout of the factory. They can incrementally go in and change the way they move material around through automation. So I think it's a very different market. It's very similar to what we saw with UR. UR wasn't going after the large established robotics applications. It was more the small to medium-sized enterprises. In the case of MiR, it's probably more medium to large-sized enterprises because those tend to move more material around in their factories.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC: Okay. But do you think there's opportunity for you to go after warehousing market long term?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: I think rather than warehousing, it will be more, let's say, distribution centers for companies that may need to aggregate and disaggregate shipments to their local stores or suppliers. So rather than, let's say, an Amazon or a DHL or those kind of areas, it might be more a regional distribution center for a consumer goods product or for a foodservice product that would use the product.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC: Okay, actually that's very helpful. Thank you. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Patrick Ho from Stifel.
Brian Edward Chin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi, this is Brian Chin on for Patrick. Thanks for letting us ask a few questions. First, in 2018, the memory market is poised to be roughly double where it was pre-2017. Do you view the current market size a sustainable; i.e., a higher new norm, or is it still prone to cyclicality? And can you also clarify what SOC market size is embedded in your 2021 target model and whether this has changed any since your January call? And I had one follow-up on the acquisition.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Okay. So on the memory market size, yes, there's been a significant increase in the memory market these past few years. I do expect it to remain volatile. So I don't think we're at a new plateau that's going to sit up at this $800 million to $1 billion level without sort of a dip. But I do think that there's, on average, if we look forward, let's say, for the next five years in memory, it will certainly operate above that sort of $500 million level it operated at earlier in the decade. It may be operating on an average closer to the $700 million to $800 million. But that doesn't mean that there couldn't be a year in here where it drops back to $500 million. That's been the nature of the memory market forever, and I would expect we'll see that again. And then in terms of what's embedded in our market size?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: The 2021 model, we have in the range for ATE market size the $3.3 billion to $3.5 billion. The SOC is $2.7 billion at the low-end, $2.9 billion at the high-end. By comparison, 2017, the SOC Test market was $2.7 billion. So there's – at low-end, there's no growth for 2017 or very low growth from 2017 if you go out to the high-end, $2.9 billion.
Brian Edward Chin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Great. And then for my follow-up on the MiR acquisition. Can you maybe want to describe any existing integrated workflows at customers with the UR robots? And then also, how overlapping are the existing distribution channels between UR and MiR?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: So there are some applications today where the UR cobot is mounted on the MiR mobile robot. It is by far the exception, not the rule. And there's opportunities to expand that where you need to have a mobile platform dispatched to other location and perhaps be able to use the cobots to load or offload material under the mobile robot. But there's usually much different conveyor belts or even humans at the various loading and unloading stations to do that. So I don't think that's going to be a huge trend, but it'll be a growing sub-segment of the market. In terms of the distribution overlap, today, there is a significant Venn diagram overlap between the distributors for UR and MiR so – and there's a lot of synergies in the selling story because the value proposition is very similar. So we do see common customers, for sure. I would say that in general though, MiR's customers tend to skew toward medium to larger enterprises, and Universal Robots is a little small to medium.
Brian Edward Chin - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. Very helpful. Thank you.
Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc.: And operator, we have time for just one more question please.
Operator: Your final question comes from David Duley with Steelhead.
David Duley - Steelhead Securities LLC: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. I guess first question I have is, you mentioned in the memory market it being an $800 million or $900 million size now. Could you help me understand what part of the market is wafer level versus final tests? I'm trying to figure out how much your SAM increased by moving into wafer level test?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: It's roughly – if you look at the market, it's 50/50. Between NAND final test, DRAM final test and then the wafer test of those two parts is 50/50.
David Duley - Steelhead Securities LLC: Okay. So this is essentially adding half of the market to your served available market by moving into the wafer test?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Correct, correct. So roughly said, each market this year is $200 million, we've been very, very strong in NAND final test and have a high share there. We're opening up another $400 million market with the move to wafer test.
David Duley - Steelhead Securities LLC: Will that be mainly in NAND or DRAM?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: It will be – in terms of what we participate and I think it will mainly be in NAND, flash or wafer test. There is some business we're getting in DRAM wafer test, but I think the bigger piece of that will be NAND.
David Duley - Steelhead Securities LLC: Okay. A final thing from me is, could you just help me understand with the size of the APU market was in 2017 and in 2018? I guess it's a follow-on to an earlier question because it seems like the cut in that segment is pretty big.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah. I don't know that we have it broken down by APU.
Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc.: Right. We have the mobility in total. Perhaps offline, Andy, can speak to you, maybe figure that one out.
Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc.: Yes, the mobility market came from about $1 billion.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: He was trying to get APU.
Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah, I know. We don't break out AP specifically, but the mobility in total was about $1 billion and this year we think it's going to be down $300 million or so, lower than that.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah. I think just – I've got some numbers in front of me. Roughly, for mobility, from $1 billion to $750 million. So obviously, in that, AP is a big piece of it, but that's mobility.
David Duley - Steelhead Securities LLC: All right, thank you.
Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc.: All right. Folks, we're out of time. Thanks for joining us a little bit earlier today. I look forward to talking to you in the days and weeks ahead. And for those in the queue, I'll get back to you this morning. Thanks so much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew Blanchard - VP, Corporate Relations, IR Mark Jagiela - CEO Gregory Beecher - CFO
Analysts: Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs Mehdi Hosseini - SIG Patrick Ho - Stifle Nicholas C. J. Muse - Evercore Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Atif Malik - Citigroup Edwin Mok - Needham David Duley - Steelhead
Operator: Good morning my name is Jamie and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Teradyne fourth quarter 2017 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you Mr. Blanchard, you may begin your conference.
Andrew Blanchard: Thank you, Jamie. Good morning everyone and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our CEO, Mark Jagiela and CFO, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for 2017's fourth quarter and full year along with outlook for the first quarter of 2018. The press release containing our fourth quarter results was issued last evening, we're providing slides on the investor page of the website that maybe helpful to you in following the discussion. Replays of this call will be available via the same page after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that include risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release as well as our most recent SEC filings. Additionally, those forward-looking statements that are made as of today are made as of today and we take no obligation to update and as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we'll make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We've posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure were available on the investor page of our website. Also between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne will be participating in industry conferences hosted by Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, Citi and Susquehanna. Now let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, Mark will comment on our recent results in the market conditions as we enter the New Year. Greg will then offer more details on our quarterly and full year financial results, along with our guidance for the first quarter. We'll then answer your questions and this call is scheduled for one hour. Mark?
Mark Jagiela: Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. In my remarks today I'll provide a brief summary of 2017, share additional insights on our strategy, then describe our 2018 outlook for the markets we serve, and close with comments on our capital allocation plans. Greg will then take us through the financial details. The fourth quarter capped off a strong year for Teradyne, sales were up 26% compared with the year ago quarter and non-GAAP EPS was up 44%. All business segments showed double-digit sales growth over the fourth quarter of 2016. In SemiTest, our memory test shipments hit record levels in the quarter, which we are set to exceed again in Q1. SOC sales in the quarter were also strong with Eagle Test and service revenue up 29% and 20% respectively. Universal Robot sales were up 61%, compared to the year ago quarter, as shipments to the Asia Pacific region in particular, exceeded our forecast. For the full year of 2017, Teradyne sales grew 22% and non-GAAP earnings per share grew 55%. A healthy growing test business, combined with an exciting hyper growth collaborative Robot business, resulted in Teradyne breaking the $2 billion revenue mark and exceeding our $2 EPS target, three years ahead of plan. Market leadership with differentiated products and a disciplined financial model have allowed us to grow with high leverage to the bottom-line. Over the last 10 years, we've methodically grown our share of the combined SOC and memory test market from 24% to about 50%, while improving gross margins. We've taken a disciplined approach of targeting the attractive growth sub-segments of the market. Focusing on technology inflections and market shifts in mobility, automotive and flash memory, paved the way for these gains. This will continue to be our game plan going forward. The ongoing increase in device complexity from advancing transistor count, multi-function cores and advanced packaging combined with shorter time to market and shorter device life-cycles have been a balloon for the SOC Test market. Here the diminishing value of increasing parallelism in test has changed the trajectory of the overall market to sustained growth. This doesn't suggest that smooth monotonic market growth in test. We expect there will continue to be tooling cycles yielding both quarterly and annual volatility. However, the overall trend line is positive. In addition, the complexity growth, new technologies are making their way into the market that create additional opportunities for test. One example is millimeter wave technologies, which are in development for mainstream deployment in a variety of communications applications, as well as vehicular RADAR. Another example, are our emerging light LiDAR and Time-of-Flight sensors and various positioning technologies. These technologies require a new class of test equipment that will create growth segments well into the next decade. In memory, on top of bit growth, we're seeing increased diversification of application specific memories. This diversification tends to center on a variety of interface protocols that both up the test intensity and provide the opportunity for Teradyne to differentiate our products. Over the past three years our Magnum Memory Tester had capitalized on the shift to high speed interfaces for the final testing of flash memory devices, driving us to the number one position in this segment. While we continue to ride that wave, in 2018 we're also expanding our served market by extending the Magnum platform to wafer test. While Teradyne's R&D teams are focused on creating instrumentation to test these interesting new technologies, a large part of our investment goes into the software for testers. Importantly, our software focuses on reducing the complexity of testing these new technologies. Overtime our software gets stitched into the fabric of our customers' developing environment to allow their design teams a seamless, efficient time to market advantage. With design cycles ever shorter and ramps ever steeper, having the software tool kit to allow global teams to develop and release reliable test programs is another key advantage of Teradyne. At Universal Robots, we continue to expand our applications and ease of use to our open architecture Universal Robots Plus program. With over 55 certified product enhancements and more added every month customers are enjoying a growing tool kit of options, to put our UR cobot into widening applications. At UR, we do what we do best. Focus on creating the world's best Universal Cobot arm and the best intuitive user interface. We then open that architecture to invite the creativity of a global ecosystem of developers to create, plug-n-play add-ons. Additionally, while rising labor costs and labor scarcity improve the economics of automation, the value proposition of collaborative robots is much more than just lowering costs. For example, in December we established operations in Bangladesh, aiming to leverage the success we've seen in the Indian, Sri Lankan and other low cost markets where customers value the repeatability and accuracy of our cobot, resulting in higher quality manufacturing and less rework. At the other end of the spectrum, the value of repeatability, accuracy and speed is also evident in a project underway at NASA's Langley Research Centre. To speed up and improve the inspection of aircraft composite structures our cobot is used to create an inspection pattern that doesn't miss any areas. Using our UR10 cobot with a third party infrared inspection system and software from a Universal Robots Plus partner, a single operator can oversee the inspection of complex composite structures such as aircraft fuselages. Additionally, the UR10's built in safety features allow people to work closely alongside the cobot, while inspecting the aircraft. That allows other inspections of manufacturing processes to take place during the infrared inspection, which improves the efficiency and saves time. Closer to home, not only our UR cobots used to make new UR cobots our SemiTest contract manufacturing partner has extended that practice to some of the assembly tests in building our own ultra-flex semiconductor test product. In Wireless Test, LitePoint had a strong year in a weak production test market. We returned to model profitability began early production ramp-up of our 802.11ax product and delivered initial millimeter wave in sub-6G testers for 5G cellular. While we're about a year away from the impact of 802.11ax and about two years away from the beginning of the 5G ramp, we've been active in positioning our next generation of production focused testers for the 5G era. Turning to market outlook, as a baseline in 2017 we saw a combined SOC and memory test market of about $3.35 billion, up from $2.8 billion in 2016. The 2017 SOC test market was about $2.65 billion and the memory test market was about $700 million. On top of that we added about 2 points of share to reach 50% share of the overall market. Our view of 2018 has strengthened slightly since our October preview. We now see the SOC test market in the range of $2.4 billion to $2.8 billion and the memory market in the range of $700 million to $800 million. Additionally, the annual spring and summer ramp for mobility tooling looks to be about four weeks later than recent years, resulting in a shift of some revenue to later in 2018. As a result unlike the past two years where the first half sales were about 55% of annual sales, this year we expect first half sales to be more like 2015 when we shipped 52% in the first half. At Universal Robots our aggressive strategy has yielded accelerating annual growth, 58% in '15, 62% in '16, 72% in '17. We are delighted in the progress we are making and we continue to add staff, distributors, integrators and ecosystem partners to give us an even broader reach across more end markets, in more regions of the world. While we'll invest more in operating expenses we also expect operating profit to remain in the mid-to-high teens. Our goal remains to grow at 50% or better in 2018. In Wireless Test and System Test we see 2018 as essentially flat with 2017. Finally, I'd like to give you a high level view of our capital allocation plans for 2018. As we said we plan to maintain a balanced approach to capital allocation consisting of dividends, buybacks and disciplined M&A. The strength of our test business over the past several years has enabled a consistent approach and a growing industrial automation business gives us a platform for investment. Tax reform gives us some additional flexibility in how we deploy our capital. As a result the Board has authorized a $1.5 billion repurchase program, of which we plan to buyback at least $750 million in 2018. Furthermore a strong outlook in our core test businesses gives us the conviction to increase our quarterly dividend 29% to $0.09. Finally, we remain committed to fully exploit and expand the leadership position we have in test and industrial automation and our M&A pipeline is focused on that mission. With that I'll things over to Greg for the financial details.
Gregory Beecher: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with the highlights of 2017 and then offer comments and perspective on 2018, including our capital allocation plans and the impact of the newly inactive tax laws. Also offer perspective on our strategic position and market trends of the business segment level, outline our new midterm financial model and close with the fourth quarter results and first quarter outlook. On the financial highlights front, as Mark noted, our $2.14 billion of sales in 2017 was up 22% from 2016, driven by a strong ATE market, SemiTest share gains and 72% sales growth at Universal Robots. As a result non-GAAP EPS was $2.34 for the year, up 55% from 2016 and exceeding our 2020 $2 EPS target three years early. In 2017, we performed quite nicely against our key attractive, we gain 2 points of share in SemiTest making 2017 the sixth consecutive year of ATE share gains. We grew Universal Robots top-line 72% well above the 50% threshold target. We had model operating performance in Wireless Test, mobile [ph] and Production Board Test. We also bought back 200 million of our stock at an average price of $34.30. Since the beginning of 2014, our balanced approach to capital allocation has returned $839 million to shareholders in buybacks and dividends and invested upwards of $350 million to acquire Universal Robots. When we bought Universal Robots in 2015, its sales for its recently completed year of 2014 were only $39 million. Over the subsequent three years they have grown over fourfold inside of Teradyne with sales of $170 million in 2017. With the new $1.5 billion share repurchase authorization we plan to repurchase a minimum $750 million of our stock in 2018. We increased quarterly dividend of 29% to $0.09 a quarter is effective immediately subject of course to ongoing Board approval. Our strong operating model and balance sheet comfortably support these moves on the operating model over the last two years we've average a 23% non-GAAP operating profit and $400 million of annual free cash flow. Over the next few years, we plan to steadily migrate our cash and marketable security balance of $1.9 billion down, while at the same time maintaining dry powder for attractive M&A subject of course to comparison against even more aggressive buybacks. We do see a number of attractive candidates in automation, particularly in software aimed at extending cobots into new applications. The newly inactive tax laws shift from the U.S., the U.S. from a global tax system to a territorial system, subject to a foreign minimum tax rate of 13.2%. As our foreign rate is estimated to be just above this threshold we do not expect to be subject to this new U.S. tax. With this change our 2000 tax rate is estimated at 15% versus our prior estimate of 19%. However, the new total tax on our accumulative foreign earnings will cost $150 million payable over eight years. Due to the lower U.S. federal tax rate we also wrote down our deferred tax assets by $34 million. These two onetime charges are included as discrete items in our Q4 GAAP results, but not in our non-GAAP results. Now looking at the segment level, annual highlights and trends. Starting with SemiTest we had another year of ATE market share gain adding 2 points to bring us to an estimated 50% share in 2017. These gains were in SOC test and more than offset the few points of decline in memory test share due to short-term volume shifts. We also score the number one spot in the VLSI survey for semiconductor equipment suppliers. Shifting to Universal Robots, we grew sales 72% from $99 million in 2016 to $170 million in 2017. Universal Robots also had an operating profit rate of 19% in 2017 more than doubled the 9% rate in 2016. Teradyne supply line group delivered several gross margin points of improvement and we can see further improvements as we move towards our target rate of 20% or better by 2020. Apart from the strong financial numbers, we strengthened Universal Robots' strategic positioned as Mark highlighted by growing our UR Plus ecosystem platform with more grippers, vision systems and other cobot accessories. This online platform is another key step and making it even easier to deploy our cobots and deliver a faster ROI. This easy access to proven solution reduces deployment time and project cost for our customers. We also opened up UR Academy, which is an online interactive training platform, offered in multiple languages, training is free and in less than 2 hours anyone can learn to train a UR cobot. The pattern that you no doubt see is that we're making it easier and easier to deploy our cobots. We along with third party research firms, expect 50% plus robust growth in the market for years to come. As the applications being served by cobots today are just scratch in the surface of what's possible. There are hundreds of highly repetitive task that are not well suited for people. For example, some repetitive tasks require very high precision such as applying the exact amount of glue or ergonomically challenging, such as driving screws with force or simply two TDS, such as machine tending or pick and place material handling. There are also new emerging technologies that should further extend the cobot served markets such as lower cost vision systems, for more advanced pick and place applications. So, the picture we see is that undesirable TDS task will be increasingly automated. And the human workers will be performing the higher skilled and safer task. And while we expect capable competitors to emerge, today the challenges are much more about building end user awareness. To that end, we'll have more robust digital and print awareness pieces along with a new digital lead generation problem in 2018. Shifting to System Test, our defense and aero and space and Production Board Test groups together grew 2017 sales 4% over 2016 and operated above model profitability for the second consecutive year. We expect similar performance in 2018 as defense and aero continues to benefit from the deployment of new weapon systems and new aircraft like the F35. While in Production Board Test our high throughput tester designed for high panel count applications, continues to gain traction in the growing automotive space. In Storage Test, we returned to model profitability in the second half of 2017 after incurring losses in the first half bringing to market a new product aimed at system level test of semiconductor devices. Storage test should operate at around $60 million sales and model profitability in 2018. Turning to Wireless Test, at LitePoint, the group rebounded very nicely from 2016 with sales growth of 16% and above model profitability in 2017. We expect 2018 to be similar to '17 as we position for a near-term market uptick, driven by the new 802.11ax wireless standard in 2019 and 5G cellular thereafter. For the full year, at the company level, non-GAAP gross margins of 57% were at record levels, an improvement of 2 points from 2016 due to higher volume and favorable product mix. Before moving to the more granular fourth quarter numbers, I'll note that after this call, we plan to no longer provide bookings information as the short-term timing of order placement adds unnecessary noise, with little added inside to our business. I also won't cover bookings in my prepared remarks, but the numbers can be found in the press release and investor desk. SemiTest sales were $317 million in the fourth quarter, with SOC making up $250 million and memory test the balanced at $67 million. SemiTest service revenue totaled $70 million. Universal Robots had sales of $54 million a quarterly record, geographically fourth quarter UR sales were 47% in Europe, 24% in Asia, 23% in North America and 6% in the rest of the world. Our largest channel partner was only 3% of our total 2017 sales, so again we have very wide diversity. System test sales were $80 million, up 125% from the third quarter, due to revenue recognition of our new system level test products and at wireless sales were $28 million. At the company level, our fourth quarter sales were $479 million. The non-GAAP operating profit rate was 23% and non-GAAP EPS was $0.46. We had nine 10% customer in the fourth quarter and 1% for the full year. Non-GAAP gross margins were 57% in the quarter with favorable product mix. You will see our non-GAAP operating expenses were down $3 million to $160 million compared to the third quarter due to lower variable compensation accruals on lower profits. Regarding our earnings power, when we set our original 2020 $2 EPS target, we conservatively estimated the ATE market would grow on average 1% annually from the 2014-15 average market size of $2.7 billion, after many years of sequential decline. Through 2017, the actual annual growth rate has been much stronger at 11% is a key reason why we achieved our $2 EPS target three years early. With that recent history, combined with our latest outlook, we've updated the earnings model target to $3.50 to $4 of non-GAAP EPS by 2021, driven by some very familiar themes. First is strong annual growth at Universal Roberts we've used 45% to 50% for modeling throw 2021, which would bring Universal Roberts to $750 million to $860 million in sales in the midterm. Next is further SemiTest growth any more modest than the last few years. We've modeled 3% to 4% growth rate from the 2014 average market size and a few points share gain through 2021. Finally repurchases, model performance and modest growth elsewhere will contribute to the EPS goal. We've detailed the new model in our investor deck. Looking a bit closer in at 2018 we expect grows margin to be approximately 56% to 57%. In OpEx in 2017 non-GAAP operating expenses were up $49 million versus 2016, driven principally by distribution investments in Universal Roberts and higher variable compensation tied to increased profitably. In our test businesses apart from normal changes is variable compensation tied to profit levels our total OpEx spending in 2017 was down slightly from 2016. Looking ahead to 2018 we plan to keep test OpEx flat apart from normal changes in variable compensation and to increase UR OpEx from $16 million a quarter exiting 2017 to upwards of $30 million a quarter by the end of 2018. These investments should strengthen both distribution and product development and help fuel another 50% plus growth year in 2018 and beyond. Shifting to our outlook for the first quarter, sales are expected to be between $460 million and $490 million, a 4% increase at the mid-point from the year ago first quarter sales of $457 million, the non-GAAP EPS range is $0.38 to $0.45 on $200 million diluted shares. Also please note that while we're confident of our full year 50% plus growth plan at UR, the first quarter revenue growth rate compared with last year will likely be lower than 50% due to the pricing related changes that drove very strong demand in the first quarter 2016. The first quarter guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles and the non-cash imputed interest on the convertible debt first quarter gross margin are estimated 55% down 2 points in the fourth quarter due to product mix. The first quarter OpEx running at 34% to 36%, our first quarter sales is up about $5 million from the fourth quarter due to further distribution and product development investments at Universal Robots and some NRE project spending in SemiTest concentrated in the first quarter. The non-GAAP operating profit rate at the mid-point first quarter guidance is about 20%. Non-GAAP interest income excluding the non-cash imputed interest from the convert is expected to be about $2 million a quarter in 2018, factoring an interest income on our cast balances, partially offset by the 1.25% annual coupon on the convertible debt. In 2018 we've year marked $80 million to $100 million for CapEx. We start 2018 with fairly strong momentum after achieving our $2 2020 EPS target three years early and are forging a path to $3.50 to $4 of EPS by 2021. Rising device complexity, IC unit growth and increasing quality requirements are driving SemiTest, while Universal Robots is expected to grow at 50% plus for years to come our Wireless Test business is back to healthy profits and positioning for the next demand wave and we expect healthy performance in System Test. Layering top of that increased shareholders returns with our new $1.5 billion share repurchase program and a 29% increase to our quarterly dividends and the future of Teradyne looks quite bright. With that I'll turn the call back to Andy.
Andrew Blanchard: Thanks, Greg. Jamie we would now like to take some questions and as a reminder please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Good morning. And thanks for taking for the question. Mark you made a slight change to your 2018 SemiTest market outlook, today I guess what were some of the developments you saw over the past three months that led to that change? And if you can talk little bit about some of the sub-segments within SOC, mobility, automotive, image sensors, et cetera that would be helpful. Thank you.
Mark Jagiela: Okay, sure. So, since November we ended up in fourth quarter of '17 above the high end of the guidance we have for revenue. So we've seen throughout November, December into January a steady increasing demand for SOC capacity more so than we expected. And it's pretty broad based across everything except mobility where mobility as I've mentioned in my remarks has shifted maybe four weeks further into the future. So automotive, image sensor, linear all of these areas were getting pulled for reasonably quick buy delivery cycles, and typically our lead times are 8 to 12 weeks. So we get a reasonable amount of turns within the quarter sometime. So it's that sort of across the Board demand that has brightened the outlook looking forward. And then within mobility itself although there is a little bit I'd say the peak tooling installations this year about four weeks later than last year or the year before. The demand there also looks very strong. And so on the SOC side I think it's just a broad based rising of demand. But I would point out that with about an 8 to 12 week visibility, we don't get to see the backend of the year with any precision until we're sort of into the backend of the year. So a lot of what customers are talking about as a general budgetary number, it's kind of flat with 2017. On the memory front just to turn to that for a minute, things are very busy and hot there. I mentioned we'll exceed our Q4 shipments in Q1 in memory, similar kind of lead times. The $700 million to $800 million range hasn't changed since November, but if anything there is pressure there on the upside I could see that going up especially if in the indigenous fabs in China we see that the yields get to a sufficient level that they begin to turn on production. We haven't assumed that for '18 we've assumed that's more of a '19-phenomena. But that could be upside on the memory discussion.
Toshiya Hari: Great, thank you for the details there. My second question is on Universal Robots, in your long-term model you've assumed 45% to 50% top-line growth for the business. I guess, I was curious what the rational is for that number, why not 30%, why not 70%? And then I guess related to that if my math is correct I think UR gross margins improved 3 maybe 4 percentage points in 2017 versus 2016. What's the path forward there as you look out to 2021? Thank you.
Gregory Beecher: Okay, this is Greg I'll start and maybe Mark will add to it. I'll start with the gross margins, I'll go back further when we acquired Universal Robots the gross margins were about 51% as we end '17 we're in the upper 50s. And we see a path to increased margins a few more points. Now this doesn't factor in, what does the competitive field eventually unfold and look like. Today as I think, I mentioned in my prepared remarks, it's much more about stimulating awareness versus were going up against competitors. So we do see opportunities for further margin improvement, but again at some point there'll be some competitors that will bump into particularly at large accounts. On the first part of your question why not 30%, why not 70%? We look at third party reports there's a number of them out there we speak to our distributors, our channel partners, we see that our existing channel partners grow their business about 50% a year they sell 50% more cobots each year. And there will come a point we'll probably slow down or stop adding new distributors or integrators in terms of net increases, there might always be some adjustments for quality. So then if I say what the existing ones sell today it's about 50% they were constantly improving in terms of some of the offerings we're giving them as well as the UR Plus, what's on the online website, the academy. And we've seen sales grow at a higher rate each year, which is unusual to see the growth rate increase, increase, increase but we all know with as numbers get larger that gets harder to continue. So in the end it's a judgment, but we come out from many different perspectives and we also look at bottoms up the types of jobs that can be automated, but that leaves you to various not only big numbers, but then we cut them back up with that because the numbers just look too big looking at it that way. So it's judgment, but we look at it in many different ways and our track record to-date has been well above 50%, but we know as numbers get bigger that will get harder to be well above 50%.
Toshiya Hari: Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question is from Mehdi Hosseini with SIG.
Mehdi Hosseini: Thanks for taking the question. Just back to your ATE forecast, is there any impact or are you anticipating any incremental market impact from some of the new A6 designs coming to the markets. These new A6 are designed for block chain computing and like a crypto currency. And I'm just wondering if the market is big enough for the ATE market and Teradyne is specifically to see that in your forecast? And I have a follow-up.
Mark Jagiela: Yes, so I think crypto currency processing as a sub-segment of the ATE market is really de minimis. It's not significant in the grand scheme of thing. On a broader scale though I think the idea of array processing whether it's used in a hedge applications like AI for things like facial recognition or voice recognition. That's becoming a discernible segment and growing I'd say several hundred million dollars of that TAM. You could attribute to the combination of all the crypto currency processing plus GPU plus AI related processing. And our participation - Teradyne's participation in that space in the traditional GPU side has been low below our average market share. But in the emerging edge space of applications whether that's in automotive or in cell phones or in infrastructure areas is kind of right at the norm, right at that 50% point. So couple of $200 million in TAM growing faster than average and we are participating outside of GPU.
Mehdi Hosseini: Is this what's driving your market share target specifically for 2021?
Mark Jagiela: No, not specifically. I think, we will grow with the market share. I think our market share gains for 2021 will come from the digitization of automotive. The combination of our strength in traditional automotive electronics and our strength in mobility will help us in gain share in that area.
Mehdi Hosseini: Got you, thank you. And a quick follow up for Greg, I look at - appreciate for updating us on the longer term earning power. It seems to me there isn't any much of a leverage left in the P&L. And these ranges that you're targeting $3.50 to $4 to a large extent depends on your ability to execute on the share gain. So in the context, what is it that gives you as a rather conservative company to step up and discuss these share gains? And B, what if we hit air pocket and whether what is your flexibility in managing cost given the fact that you are still investing in some of the growth areas.
Gregory Beecher: Got it Mehdi. The slide, we've put forth, which we hope will give you a very clear path. We've put the assumptions on the upper half and printed the biggest assumption as Universal Robots growth rate. That's driving most of the sales and earnings growth, but let me go to the SemiTest question our market share. We have steadily gained market share in ATE in both SOC and memory over many years. We've shown that on the slide here the last four year period we grew from 44% market share to 50% market share. And for modeling we're using anywhere from 4 to 6 points. So we're modeling what we've done in the past and we've been a bit conservative saying could be as well as 4 versus 6 points. If you go back further, we've gained much more than 6 points share - 6 point of share. So we do have the ability to carefully target the right segments growth with those waves as well as find areas for differentiation and not compete against capital cost. So it's a long running formula that we've had at Teradyne that I think we has proven that it's sustainable. And there is always leverage Mehdi in the model. In here there is a bunch of variable compensation tied to profit. So if the profits are lower the variable compensation comes out, there's a lot of spending that goes with the growth, if we see the growth in any business isn't what we think it is then we'll pull some of the spending back. So there certainly is flexibility.
Mehdi Hosseini: Got it, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Patrick Ho with Stifle Nicholas.
Patrick Ho: Thanks very much. Mark maybe first off in terms of the SemiTest market that you talked about and the outlook you provided. Would some of the timing, I would say push outs on the mobility and what are your concerns there that maybe that pushes out potentially into 2019 or so. Do you feel that it will come that four weeks later that you're talking about right now? And do you have that visibility, or is it just something that could potentially extend a little further?
Mark Jagiela: Yes, I think that's one area where we have pretty good visibility and no it will not extended into '19, what will happen is that some shipments that would normally be in second quarter will leak over into third and it's about that four-week window is the delta. But not a lot of ambiguity in that.
Patrick Ho: Great, that's helpful. And maybe Greg in terms of some of the commentary you made about UR cost going up, it clearly make sense because obviously you are growing it at a very rapid rate. Can you give a little more detail, is it going into more on the distribution side of things in particularly Asia given the rapid growth there or is it a mix of both distributors as well as integrators?
Gregory Beecher: By far it's the distribution and that's the single biggest time is more sales people that can then work with distributors and channel partners in new regions that we're not covering adequately as well as existing regions where there's some accounts we are just not getting to. And then the next is engineering to continue the innovation that we deliver to step that up even further. Those are the two big areas with distribution by far the largest.
Patrick Ho: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is form the C. J. Muse with Evercore.
C. J. Muse: Thank you for taking my question. I guess first question, going back to some of the prior questions around your overall SemiTest guide. In the prepared slide deck you talked about growth there, but in terms of your outlined expectations you're guiding to flat. So curious, how we should interpret that? And as part of that, how you are thinking mobility spend on the SOC side year-over-year and is that sort of part of what's driving that flat guide?
Mark Jagiela: Yes, so one thing I'll start out with as a caution. A year ago in this very call we gave a guide for the SOC market that was in a range of 2.2 to 2.5 but we ended up at 2.65. So with that caveat we're not completely able to see what's going to happen. But in mobility I would say year-over-year our expectations is that it will be flat to very slightly up. And that market is one that typically comes to the majority of the installations come to conclusion by the end of third quarter, so we have a little bit more visibility there. I think what's less clear to us and what surprised us last year is, automotive, how much longer will that have legs it's been going out for about a year and half, if automotive continues at the rate that it did last year with or even a little bit of acceleration that moves us toward the high side of the SOC market. And linear, industrial linear, those are two that are very kind of quick turned businesses that we get very little visibility beyond the current quarter. So mobility everything else being equal roughly flat and then industrial, linear, automotive the wildcard that swings the rest of it. I'll just make a comment about memory, memory as I said before the range we gave of $700 million to $800 million, could easily have another $100 million or $200 million on top of that, if the indigenous Chinese fabs really decide to or are able to go into a production ramp. So that's something we have modeled into '19, but that could pull in.
C. J. Muse: Very helpful. As my follow-up, as you think about you are and building out your infrastructure to support that, curious if you've seen sort of any momentum year-to-date related to tax reform accelerated depreciation and in pending industrial accelerated spend. And whether or not that's changing perhaps your near-term outlook for perhaps faster growth in that business?
Mark Jagiela: C.J. we haven't seen that yet in North America, but we will have our antenna up to see if that's possible. As you know the cost is fairly low, but I certainly could see that that might make us went into the ROI calculation. Mostly ROIs are very quick without further advantage, a tax advantage and often the cobots are improving quality or doing tests that aren't well suited for human. But sure it might help a little, but we haven't seen it yet.
C. J. Muse: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Richard Eastman with Baird.
Richard Eastman: Yes, just a quick question on UR, could you just go back a little bit to how for '17 calendar '17 how UR's business model did shake out, I think you referenced high 50s gross margin kind of at year end, but I'm curious what does the model look like as we go into '18 with the growth here. Are we kind of expecting flattish operating margins close to 20% or how are we modeling that out for '18?
Gregory Beecher: Okay I'll start with that one. There's actually a range because the growth rates are so high there is stretch growth rate and then there's a growth rate 50% plus. So the range of scenarios we could be in and we try to yet to put to some OpEx in early and then we try to meter it where we can. So this year we hit 19% operating profit with ended the year with our 58% gross margin. We actually wanted to bring more people on quicker frankly to position for another wave of high growth. So if we end up at 19% or 20% profit we're delighted. If we end up at 17% or 18% that might be a great story to if we've done the things strategically. So we're not driving it with a sharp eye on profitability it's much more on the growth and are we getting further ahead is what we're monitoring and pushing hard on. Because the market has many years of high growth thereafter and we want to extend our lead through with the best distribution partners, well trained, the best third party ecosystem accessories on our website, easy to do training and then development that makes it even easier to program. The more we can get ahead the more the numbers naturally in the subsequent years will certainly meet our mid-term model.
Richard Eastman: Okay, understood. And then just a question, Mark we have spoken maybe at the third quarter results as well and we've kicked up our SemiTest market size twice now in the past whatever four, five months. But I'm curious as we look into '18 given the puts and takes of Teradyne's share in memory versus SOC test would you expect to expand market share in '18 your slide makes it clear that you're looking for a similar share gains out to 2021. But I'm curious how do you think the Teradyne share does it hold in '18 or does it expand in '18?
Mark Jagiela: So I think we would be delighted if we held our plans or to gain a bit of share. If you look at the two segments we're 50% of the overall market, but in SOC we're more toward the mid-50s and in memory closer to 30%. So to the extent the memory business hits the upside or exceeds the upside, we will participate in that. we might gain a little bit of share, but optically when you roll the whole year together it looks like the share to be flat when that all gets said and done even though we might pick up share in SOC. So it really depends on the math around the size of the memory market where our share tends to be below the combined average.
Richard Eastman: I see. Okay, very good. Can I just ask one last question, what share count are we looking at for the first quarter guide from an EPS perspective?
Gregory Beecher: 200 shares.
Richard Eastman: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Farhan Ahmad with Credit Suisse.
Farhan Ahmad: Thanks for taking my question. My first question is just on the deceleration in growth that you're forecasting for March. Can you just talk about why are we seeing growth decelerating from something like 20% for the last three quarters to like 4% in March quarter. And is there a risk that that further decelerates as we go later in the year?
Mark Jagiela: Yes, I think that the growth in the quarter - there is a variety of factors. One think we talked about was Universal Robots being up last in Q1 over last year's Q1 due to the price increase we instituted a year ago that drove in extraordinary amount of buying into the Q1, '16 period. So you are well likely be up less than it's been growing at. If it's been moving at say last year's 70% Q1 could be closer to 25% kind of up numbers. So that's one factor. And I think the other thing is mobility having moved out of four weeks. What you see is that even last year the year before we began shipments in Q1 for the tooling for mobility. There is less of that in this Q1 because of that four week shift.
Farhan Ahmad: Got it. And then my second question is on SOC Test market, you kind of talked about the impact of memory test becoming larger and that might weigh down on your overall share in the combined ATE market. I wanted to dive a little bit on the SOC Test market. My understanding is that you don't play in the CPU GPU and in server markets for example, where things are pretty strong this year. So is that going to be a headwind for your market share in SOC Test overall this year, or do you think like you have some products in that area as well that will help you gain share?
Mark Jagiela: Yes, I think we have participation in segments of that that will help us - that market was relatively strong last year, but as I mentioned to an earlier question the crypto GPU straightforward application sub-segment it's sub-$100 million. But when you roll GPUs together and the whole thing it's a $200 million. So outside of the strict GPU market, we do participate in some of these applications. I don't think it's of this - the market itself is of the size and our share position in that market would be below the 50% average. I don't think that's going to be a factor in moving our share up or down.
Farhan Ahmad: Got it. Thank you, that's all I have.
Operator: Our next question is from Atif Malik with Citi.
Atif Malik: Hi, thanks for taking my question and congratulations in meeting your long-term EPS target three years earlier. And hopefully you can get the 2021 target earlier as well. Mark, I have a question on system test business, your sales and orders grew strongly in December quarter. Can you just talk about what are some of the new products driving the momentum here? And how big the opportunity is for these new products? And then I have a follow-up for Greg.
Mark Jagiela: Okay, well as I mentioned, as we went through last year. Inside our system test group, we've had a storage test business that's been primarily focused on testing hard disk drives. That business has diminished over the years as the hard disk drive growth has slowed. And we repurposed that platform last year for more of a semiconductor testing application called system level test. We recognized most of the revenue for that initial project with the initial customer in the fourth quarter. So the fourth quarter bump there that you saw was primarily getting through deliveries and acceptance of that first instantiation. And frankly looking forward, we haven't put a lot of growth into that product in 2019 we're at the phase now, where we can go beyond this initial customer and look for some other opportunities in the market. And that's what we'll be doing in the first half of this year. So we have a sort of a steady business now with one account. And we'll be exploring whether we can expand that over the next six months. So sometimes by the summer we should have a verdict on whether this can be a growth business or not.
Atif Malik: Great. And then Greg, with higher accessibility to offshore cash, you touched on the M&A strategy, but you talked about software being an area of interest, but you are using third parties for infrared sensors. Is your strategy on UR fundamentally different from and I think robots still using sensors and AI. Can you just talk about or elaborate on your approach on UR?
Gregory Beecher: Okay, I think Mark will pinch in on this too. Our approach has been to distinguish our cobot based upon ease of use, that is the very different approach we took to automation so that a shop for operator and not an engineer is able to train our cobot and repurpose it when demand changes in their factory or a small manufacturer. And that's why, somewhere about half of our customers are small and medium enterprises. So, it's a different approach than what I believe others have originally taken, now there maybe others trying to do what we're doing. But it's not easy to do, because you also have to build up a distribution and an integrated network that can be good selling one or two cobots at a time. And most companies we find like chasing the large, the very large orders which tend to be multi, multi, multiyear sales. So, we've tended to have a different focus and a different go-to-market approach. So, we continue to do things that make it easy to use the cobot and will be new enabling technologies I mentioned vision modules coming down, that'll make using vision more likely for bin picking or advanced applications, where vision can help you getting deeper into a tray or a bin. So, I think there's lot of innovation yet to come in areas around the cobot that the cobot can take advantage of.
Atif Malik: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Edwin Mok with Needham.
Edwin Mok: Great, thanks for taking my question. My first question is in UR margin, I think your OpEx increased on face value is growing at a faster rate in the 50% plus top-line growth, does that mean that we might see some operating margin pressure this year on UR?
Gregory Beecher: UR and the gross margin, line you're referring to?
Edwin Mok: No, on OpEx, you said that you'll grow from $16 million exceeding loss share to $30 million loss exiting this year. So, that's growing at a faster than 50% rate, wouldn't that have some specially in your operating margins this year.
Mark Jagiela: It is possible that we may not end up at 19% or above, where we ended up this year, because as I mentioned, we didn't bring out as many people as we wanted to. We actually weren't targeting 19%, we were targeting 15%. But there is a challenge bringing on as many people as we wanted and that got somewhat delayed. So, I don't consider it challenge, if we end up at - next year at 17% versus growing to 19%, to me it's not a challenge it depend on what we look like. If we get to 17% as a number and we're growing at a healthy rate and we see the next year as another strong year, because we put in the investments necessary to continue this 50% plus healthy growth rate, then I think we'd all be very pleased. So, we're much more focused on maintaining the high growth because we know the opportunities are out there, it's a matter of us tingling the awareness, lowering the transaction cost to put a cobot and by making it easier to use. So, that's where our overwhelming focus is. We have really no worries about the operating profitability. Frankly, we're way ahead of where you might expect us to be at 19% given the growth prospects of this business.
Edwin Mok: Okay, great, that's helpful. And then, I have a question on the 2021 model, if I have done my math correctly your auto test part, your system plus widest test. You are actually modeling to grow around that 4.5% CAGR from '17 to '21 what's driving that, is that market growth like 5G turning on or is it new product and comps, specific on the new product I think on the last question, regarding system level test, my understanding that's more for testing Semi on the system application, right? And historically in SemiTest especially in mobile semi, pretty much each chip maker select the ATE and costing [ph] with them in there's a lot of stickiness and very hard to gain share against your competitors, because customer are qualified. Is that the same kind of dynamic swing all in system level test?
Gregory Beecher: Okay, I'll take the first part of the question, the growth rate in the other test, you're correct, it's in 5G wireless test, that's the one element of those other businesses where we see credible meaningful growth. The other businesses are more 2% or 3% GDP growth. 5G is 2020, 2021 thereabout and we believe we'll be well positioned for it and we have some integrated 5G product that is out with a chipset company or two now. So we're in a good position all be it's very early and 5G would be new to us because we were in 4G, but didn't have meaningful share because we got to that market late. But we don't plan on getting the 5G late. As you might recall we're the leaders in connectivity, but the seller side has been more difficult for us to break into. On your other question about is it sticky with system level test. I don't see it that way. What we're seeing as is that there may be more applications that need system level test that didn't have it before. So some of these more advance semiconductor devices mainly in addition level test to read out the harder to find false. And there may not have been any system level test in the past so it's a greenfield. But the challenge for us is a good for us meaning can we leverage our existing platform, if we can't and it's a whole new to design then it probably isn't worth it to us. So that's what Mark was referring to what you were going to look to see if there is other opportunities, but they have to fit with our platform.
Edwin Mok: Great, that's all I have. Thank you for squeezing two in one on that one.
Andrew Blanchard: And I am afraid we have a time for just one more quick question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is from the line of David Duley with Steelhead.
David Duley: Thanks for slipping me in, I appreciate it. I was wondering on the robot side of things, initially you talked about being able to take that into some of your larger electronics customers. And I think you've been highlighting on conference call the average sale is still two or three units. Could you talk about what the average sale is currently per customer on the robots and if you have had success moving into larger electronic customers?
Gregory Beecher: We have a small number of customers that we call on from other divisions LitePoint and our production board test group. One is an automotive Tier 1 supplier we're in and another one is an Asian production PCB board supplier and they do assemble as well. So there is two that are over 100 cobots there tends to be coordination that we're able to help the Universal Robots, distribution team get to the right person. But there hasn't a list of 15 accounts that I could point to you and say here is the leverage. Well we've given Universal Robots significant leverage frankly is cost down on the material pipeline, we've gotten them several gross margin points. We're able to help them hire people much faster around the world open up more offices. So there is a host of things that were able to help them move faster, we help them with engineering quality, we bring some people over there to learn best practices and pick and choose what fits their culture. So we're helping them in a number of areas on the customer facing there has been some help, but there is not a list of 10 or 15 accounts that I have.
David Duley: Okay. And one final thing for me is on the high performance computing segment, is there any sort of crossover point in complexity or speed where you might be able to insert yourself in a large way in the GPU market?
Mark Jagiela: Yes, I think what's happening in the GPU space or the array processing space is right now a lot of diversification, there are a lot of companies that do not traditionally make silicon, developing custom silicon for their applications whether these are automotive companies or consumer goods companies, web infrastructure companies. So I think like we're seeing with memory a diversification of task specific let's say GPUs or array processors, that's what point on right now. So when we get into next year I think you'll see this array of suppliers doing custom A6 for their own end markets. And that's frankly where we see the ability to participate and where we're focused.
David Duley: Thank you.
Mark Jagiela: Okay, folks. Thanks so much for joining us. Sorry to be going over just a minute or two look forward to talking to you in the days and weeks ahead. Bye, bye.
Gregory Beecher: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this concludes today's teleconference conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew Blanchard - VP, Corporate Relations, IR Mark Jagiela - CEO Gregory Beecher - CFO
Analysts: Jagdish Iyer - Summit Redstone Chris Shankar - Bank of America Atif Malik - Citigroup Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs Mehdi Hosseini - SIG C. J. Muse - Evercore Edwin Mok - Needham Weston Twigg - KeyBanc Capital Markets Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good morning. My name is Zetania and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Teradyne Q3 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Andy Blanchard, you may begin your conference.
Andrew Blanchard: Thank you, Zetania. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our CEO, Mark Jagiela and CFO, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks we'll provide details of our performance for 2017's third quarter and our outlook for the fourth quarter. The press release containing our third quarter results was issued last evening and we're providing slides on the Investor page of the website that maybe helpful to you in following today's discussion. A replay of this call will be available via the same page after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release as well as our most recent SEC filings. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we'll make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We've posted additional information concerning those non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, where available on the Investor page of the website. Also between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne will be participating in investor conferences hosted by R. W. Baird, UBS, Goldman Sachs and Bank of America. Now let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, Mark will comment on our recent results and the market conditions as we enter the fourth quarter. Greg will then offer more details on our quarterly financial results, along with our guidance for the fourth quarter. We'll then answer your questions, and this call is scheduled for one hour. Mark?
Mark Jagiela: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. In my prepared remarks, I'll cover four topics: our 2017 highlights, key trends which we expect to drive long-term growth in our test businesses, an update on Universal Robots expansion and strategy, and an early view on how we're thinking about 2018. Greg will then provide additional color, along with the financial details. As you saw in the release, our sales and earnings for the third quarter were above our guidance, and our fourth quarter outlook is substantially above our earlier view. This performance is a result of a very healthy Semiconductor Test market, especially in Memory Test. Seasonally, our third quarter Semiconductor Test orders were the highest level since Q3 of 2000. Additionally, Universal Robots continue to show strong growth, with sales up 70% from the same quarter of last year, well above our 50% baseline rate. Through nine months, we've generated over $1.65 billion in sales and non-GAAP earnings of $1.88 per share. For the full year, at the midpoint of our fourth quarter guidance, we expect sales of above $2 billion and non-GAAP earnings of around $2.22 per share. This puts us well ahead of our $2 per share EPS goal that we originally targeted for 2020. 2017 will be the second consecutive year of growth in the SOC Test market, with an estimated $2.6 billion market size, up 8% from last year. We expect Teradyne SOC test sales to grow above that rate at about 20%, and our market share will increase several points from 2016's 51%. In Memory Test, we expect the 2017 market to be about $650 million, up roughly 55% from last year. Q3 Memory Test orders of $65 million were at record levels, and our full year Memory Test sales will grow about 20% to about $180 million. Our memory share will fall back a few points as some of the segments we do not yet serve are growing faster than the overall market in 2017. Combining memory and SOC Test for the first nine months, our sales were up about 23% from last year to $1.3 billion while the combined market is growing about 15%. Clearly, a strong year of market growth and an even strong year for Teradyne growth. At Universal Robots, third quarter sales were about 70% above the same period last year, with all regions above our 50% growth baseline. Through the first nine months, we've grown 77%, a rate that will likely moderate a bit in Q4. For the full year, we expect UR to grow about 65%. In addition to top-line growth, we are also showing improved gross margin as the benefit of cost down and selective price increases for making an impact. In System test, year-to-date revenues up $112 million are down 20% from revenues in the same 2016 period, mainly due to a follow-up in Storage Test demand. However, we expect to recognize revenue in Q4 for a new application of our Storage Test product that will bring the group to about flat top-line performance with 2016. This new product test chips in a simulated system-level environment to capture allusive failures that are hard to detect on traditional ETE. The initial application is in complex, high-volume, mobility-focused semiconductors. At LitePoint, sales in the quarter were up 11% from Q3 last year and up nearly 20% for the first nine months off a weak 2016 market environment. This growth has been the result of modestly expanding demand in the connectivity space. New connectivity standards like 802.11ax Wi-Fi are not expected to drive meaningful new demand until 2019. In cellular, 5G is in the early preproduction stage and not yet driving volume. However, we are seeing growth in LTE narrowband IoT space. For the full year, we expect LitePoint to grow at about 10% to 15% rate from last year. As we first noted in 2014, after many years of trending down, the Semiconductor Test equipment market inflected and has been growing since 2015. in 2016, we model the SOC Test market to grow at about 1% CAGR on a trend line basis from the average of the 2014/'15 market sizes of approximately $2.2 billion. Through 2017, actual SOC market growth has been about 8% from that level. In light of these trends, we will update our model and targets in the January call. While recent signs are encouraging, we expect volatility to be a part of the test markets in the future as they have been in the past. The key point is even with volatility, the market is on a growth trajectory, and the demand drivers we identified earlier remain in place. These include the diminishing impact of parallel test, increasing device complexity and increasing quality demand of semiconductor customers. In memory, volume increases, higher bit density of 3D NAND and the proliferation of high-speed interfaces that are now commonplace for smartphones and SSD applications has driven growth of the Memory Test market this year. For Teradyne, we've been successfully growing share in demand package test segment with our Magnum family of testers through the discontinuity created by the emergence of high-speed Flash interface. At Universal Robots, our strategy remains unchanged. Beginning in 2016, to accelerate growth, we aggressively increased our quarterly OpEx investments by about $5 million per quarter for nearly 70% up from the prior year. We followed that by increasing 2017 spending by a similar amount. Those investments have enabled UR's growth rate to increase from 57% on a stand-alone basis in 2015 to the mid-60s for the full year 2017. We've also improved gross margins along the way. And the same way, in 2018, we'll continue this pattern of investment at UR to deliver further growth. Greg will outline specifics of those investment, but one I'd like to highlight is that UR Plus open architecture partner program. Building out our ecosystem of partners that provides the hardware and software for referrals for specific end market application is essential to drive our growth. UR Plus provides partners with the ability to adapt to their products to natively operate on our UR platform. Through an API that links into our ease-of-use software paradigm. The customers get both application's breadth and a seamless ease-of-use experience, allowing faster, simpler cobot deployments. At UR, we provide a universal cobot and a universal software platform that enables an ecosystem of innovators to provide plug-and-play add-on that customize our products for specific end applications. UR Plus continues to enable an expanding breadth of applications. For example, next month, at the Fab Tech Trade Show in Chicago, there will be a demonstration of a UR Plus gas metal art welding package. The product is for high-mix, low-volume applications that can be deployed in existing manual well-being boost no floorplan changes or special facility changes are needed. This reduces the cost and improves repeatability for metal fabrication shops. From a programming perspective, the operator has only to identify the start and stop points for the welder, and the cobot does the rest. A very different application is a small U.S. eye glassmaker that is using the UR Plus partner gripper with our UR5 cobot to manufacture frames. The ability to change task quickly give this customer the flexibility to compete with much larger players. The common thread between these applications is the tight software integration, allowing fast programming and short implementation cycles. As we look ahead, we expect UR growth to remain at a 50% plus clip for the foreseeable future. We continue to explore additional opportunities, both organic and through M&A to further accelerate UR's growth. We expect labor availability, cost and product quality requirements will continue to drive demand for UR's unique human scale collaborative automation solutions. As is typical this time of the year, visibility into our customers' demand for next year is limited. That being said, our preliminary estimate for an SOC test equipment market of about $2.3 billion to $2.7 billion. In Memory Test, we forecast the market to be between $700 million and $800 million. We expect the key end demand drivers to be memory, the mobile market, automotive and industrial markets. While the next year is difficult to forecast, we are confident that expanding complexity, short semiconductor lifecycles and increasing use of semiconductors across all segments of the economy will drive long-term growth. This, combined with the continued market share gains, provide positive momentum for Teradyne Semiconductor Test business. At Systems Test and LitePoint, we expect similar market conditions next year as we saw in 2017. Wireless Test growth will likely begin to turn up in 2019, followed by a more significant buy-in in 2020 as 802.11ax and early 5G cellular buying picks up. In summary, for the full year 2017, we expect revenue of over $2 billion and to exceed our $2 EPS target, well ahead of our 2020 plan. While it's difficult to actively forecast the size of the Semiconductor Test market in 2018, we're confident of the long-term drivers powering that market. Combining the strong test business with the continued 50% plus growth at Universal Robots positions us well for the road ahead. With that, I'll turn it over to Greg for the financial details.
Gregory Beecher: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with a quick summary of 2017 as the finish line is in sight. We'll also add some commentary on the trends in actions that are driving our growth, along with the third quarter results and fourth quarter guidance. Starting with the 2017 financial summary. Both our top line and non-GAAP EPS are projected to be up quite nicely over last year. Factoring in our fourth quarter guidance of the midpoint, sales are tracking to be up 19% over the last year while non-GAAP EPS is expected to be up 47%. For the full year, the projected non-GAAP EPS of $2.22 is three years ahead of our midterm $2 target outlined last year. This favorable polling is principally due to a stronger SemiTest market, along with ongoing share gains. We're also getting solid earnings lift and high growth from Universal Robots while managing our average share count. We'll update our model in 2018 capital return plans on our next Investor Conference Call in January after we complete our midterm planning. As Mark noted, we remain driven by rise in complexity and unit growth rather than new nodes. Semiconductors at the heart of today's connected world and ubiquitous in many products or services that we use in our daily lives. This central role fuels a constant flow of new designs and strengths and packaging advancements. These changes bring added complexity, which often leads to longer test times and initial yield degradation, both of which trigger added test capacity. The added complexity also drives the need for more robust test coverage to find the harder-to-detect faults earlier and in certain cases, to fine-tune electrical characteristics to hit optimal performance. In a more granular level, ATE customers have also have high switchover costs from one platform to another as they develop proficiency and tools around the you're your programming and debugging environment. Business state significant part advantages to move market share. Consequently, targeting the right segments and winning customers remains critical so that share gains come largely from a rising tide in the waters wherein versus trying to get every point of share gain from battle incumbent. We're also directly driven as a front-end is by new nodes. Nonetheless, these performance advancements and strengths add complexity, big growth and often unit growth as well so eventually we get our share. We'll remain volatile simply due to the nature of being a derivative to a very large market, with small inflection having a pronounced impact on us. Our volatility on a quarterly basis is tied to predictable consumer cycles, principally tied to new mobility launches in the fall, along with back-to-school and holiday electronics buying. Our volatility on an annual basis is somewhat more opaque, but it's largely tied to the jump in device performance. Compared to our past, we're far less volatile than in the prior decades due to a more efficient supply chain, shorter device lifecycles and a broader portfolio. The key action to SemiTest remain keeping a sharp focus on selective segment and customer targeting while maintaining strong gross margins and lean OpEx. In the near term, we expect growth in China, memory and the continuation of the past demand trends. This disciplined approach has allowed us to maintain an average non-GAAP PBIT rate of 22% at the company level since the start of this decade. By comparison, this is 23 points of non-GAAP PBIT above the prior decade when we gave profits and more back and downturns. We're also pleased to report that we're on track to gain about two points of ATE share this year to about 50%, which makes this the sixth straight year of SemiTest share gains. Shifting now to our high-growth automation business, Universal Robots. The trends are clearly very favorable. There are several third-party reports that have a cobot market of 1 billion or more in 2020, which fits with our assessment. In short, there are tens of thousands of tedious and highly repetitive human scale tasks that would benefit from UR safe, low-cost and easy-to-program cobots. We expect that it will become increasingly critical to automate these repetitive, tedious tasks to maintain high quality and cost competitiveness. In addition, we see some cobot subsidies being offered in China to ensure that their local companies take advantage of cobots. Shifting now to the key actions to stay ahead and continue to grow at 50% or more. First is about building a greater awareness of what is possible today with cobots. Many potential buyers do not understand how easy it is to automate repetitive tasks without sensing or redesigning the workshop. Much of our business is from client managers at large companies who buy locally without corporate involvement or small and medium-sized enterprises that moves quickly from awareness to sale. We do expect an inflection with larger buying in the future versus the small ordering of about two cobots an average today as larger companies, which tend to move cautiously to new technology, embrace the power of UR cobots. To accelerate this inflection, we're sponsoring many more trade shows, advertising programs, web educational content, cobot and distributor, cobot sales resources and so on. This awareness campaign will continue at a very big task with many possible cobot end-users. We expect these end-users will expand over time as easier to use accessories addresses more task or develop on the UR platform. Critical important though is how do we plan on staying ahead as we expect the competitors would join the cobot field. First is strengthening our sales channel of distributors and integrators both in increasing their sales velocity and getting the best channel partners aligned to our platform. Through more U.S. sales and tech support, along with advanced training programs, we're growing the product sales velocity this year by about 50% for partners that will onboard with us last year. We're also in throwing up a global map with strategic partners for the sponsoring who are not adequate covering. Next, if you're going to ask, ecosystem of turnkey solutions on our platform so that we'd lower the implementation cost and risk. This allows us to have many third-party develops plug-and-play solutions that can be accessed from our UR plus portal. We're not aware of anyone else with this type of third-party ecosystem backing them. Third is, of course, investment in R&D to make our cobots even easier to program, which, for example, add a new usage that shortcut programming even further. Lastly, we'll continue to leverage Teradyne's strength to improve UR's overall performance. Shifting to Systems Test Group. Our new mil/aero group is driven by avionic upgrades such as faster bus interfaces for advanced radar and advanced sensors, while production board test is driven by automotive, industrial and server PCB demand. And mil/aero production board test, we're growing sales at about 3% this year and tracking to mono profitability. Our third leg in the Systems Test Group, Storage Test is tied to sporadic HDD and SSD demand and the new system-level test application, which Mark outlined, is launching in the market now. We expect to be solidly profitable starting in the fourth quarter. In wireless test LitePoint remain low before tune for 802.11ax and further out in time for sizeable 5G production cycle start. Our actions have been resized the business last year and stay focus on a new growth. So far, this year, we're running a model profit for synergies and getting good traction on the longer-term opportunities. Now a reminder on our capital allocation plans. We're buying a minimum of $200 million of our shares this year while returning about $56 million in dividend to shareholders. So for this year, we spent $152 million to acquire 4.6 million shares at an average price of $32.66. Since 2015, we bought back 27.1 million shares in aggregate at an average price of $22.06, totaling $598 million. Our cash and marketable securities totaled $1.848 billion up $228 million from the end of the second quarter due to strong profits and strong accounts receivable collections in the quarter. We have $742 million in the U.S., and the balance is offshore. And about 85% of our annual cash generation will be offshore this year. Moving to the details of the third quarter. Our sales were $503 million. Gross margins of 59% was our highest quarterly rate in four years, driven by favorable product mix. A clear bright spot in gross margin is the improvement of Universal Robots margin to 58% from 54% in the third quarter last year. Company non-GAAP operating profit rate was 26%, and non-GAAP EPS was $0.54. We had one 10% customer in the quarter. We see our non-GAAP operating expenses worth $163 million, down $10 million from the second quarter due to lower variable compensation accruals on decreased profit levels. Total company OpEx in the third quarter this year at $163 million is up $13 million from the year ago third quarter due to higher variable compensation accruals on higher profits and higher spending at Universal Robots. We expect our full year 2017 OpEx, excluding Universal Robots and normal changes in variable compensation, to be essentially flat for UR's full Europe OpEx will grow year-on-year to about $64 million from $43 million in 2016. Looking ahead, we plan to keep aggregate spending flat in our test businesses except, of course, where variable compensation, which will move profitability and growth. OpEx at UR will step-up in the first quarter and grow in the second half as well. Included in this slide shows all of our OpEx are changes due to Universal Robots growth or swings in variable compensation. Now moving to segment level detail. Semi Test bookings were $295 million, with broad-based strength in memory, microcontrollers, analog, image sensor and mobility. SOC Test orders were $230 million, and Memory Test orders were $65 million, a quarterly record driven by Flash applications. Semi Test service orders were $43 million of the total. Semi Test sales were $397 million in the third quarter, with SOC making up $350 million in Memory Test, the balance. Semi Test service revenues totaled $7 million in the quarter. Moving to Systems Test. Orders were $42 million in the quarter, and sales were $35 million. Shifting to Wireless Test. We booked $33 million, and sales were $31 million in the third quarter. At Universal Robots, orders in the third quarter were $40 million, and sales were also $40 million. We joined UR's third quarter sales growth down 43% in Europe, 26% Asia, 23% North America and 8% rest of world. Sales for the fourth quarter is expected to be between $420 million and $450 million in a non-GAAP EPS range $0.31 to $0.37 and 199 million diluted shares. Q4 guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles. The fourth quarter gross margin should run about 55%, down from a very strong third quarter due to product mix. And total OpEx should run from 35% to 38%. The operating profit rate at the midpoint of our fourth quarter guidance is about 18%. Shifting to taxes, our full your tax rate is expected to be about 17.25%, up 75 basis points from the July estimate due to strength at memory business, which is a U.S. business that carries a higher tax rate. Please note that we expect our tax rate to step up to 19% for 2018. On a quick housekeeping note, be advised that we expect no material changes from the pending revenue recognition changes required under AIC 606, which takes effect from January of 2018. Our free cash flow year-to-date totaled $406 million, driven by strong profits. In summary, we're on track to hit our $2 non-GAAP EPS planned three years early. We're gaining share in ATE for the sixth straight year. We have grown Universal Robots about 50% again this year. And we're maintaining steady financial discipline and returning capital. With that, I'll turn call back to Andy.
Andrew Blanchard: Thanks, Greg. Zetania, we'd now like to take some questions. And as a remainder please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jagdish Iyer from Summit Redstone.
Jagadish Iyer: Yeah. Thanks for taking my question. Two questions. First, I was just wondering why is there a resurgence in Memory Test? Is there an inflection interesting that you can bring into light? And how should we think about DRAM and NAND split here? And I have a follow-up.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah. So Memory Test really took off this year. It surprised us. If we go back this time last year we were estimating that the Memory Test market will be roughly $500 million. It's going to be perhaps $650-ish million. It's really driven not by a technology change per se. The bit density grow is one thing that drives Memory Test demand, the unit volume and then changes in device interface speeds, obsoletes, older equipment. So we do see obsolescence going on in Flash and DRAM test because of the higher speed interfaces. And then outside of that, most of it is just bit growth and unit growth. There's also a lot of construction going on of fabs for memory expansion in China. Those have actually not yet affected the Memory Test demand. Those are still to come online or probably be a late '18 or '19 heavy test equipment tooling cycle. So as we look out over the horizon, provided the bit demand remains robust, which looks like it will, we should have several good years for memory demand, Memory Test demand.
Jagadish Iyer: That's correct. And as a follow-up, will you continue to invest in UR, when can we see an inflection in the operating margins going forward? Seen some uptick in the gross margins but realistically, how should we think about the operating margin as we look at say over the next 12 to 24 months?
Gregory Beecher: Jagadish, this is Greg. This year, for example we expect to be - meet our 50% operating target will be slightly above it so it's happening this year. We think long-term we'll get to 20%. And the long-term isn't 3 years away so it could be sooner than we earlier were modeling. The gross margins have improved nicely and we're going sales at a very high rate. So I'd expect the 20% operating margin will become more insight as we get further to the next years too.
Andrew Blanchard: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Shankar with Bank of America.
Chris Shankar: Yeah, hi. Thanks for taking my question. I have 2 of them. First one, Michael, Greg, this year out of $2.6 billion of SOC, Test market was $1 billion, $1.2 billion gpu $100 million and automotive $400 million. Can you give us similar compositions for what you think SOC looks like in 2018?
Mark Jagiela: Yeah. For 2018, again it's a little bit of green tea leaf at this point but I do not expect that mix to change much. The automotive and mobility spaces that came on strong this year should continue to be strong next year memory again should be strong next year, so not a lot of change in the mix.
Chris Shankar: Got it, got it and then a follow-up on cobots business. Some of your competitors have higher payloads while you guys still have just 3 SKUs of URs. Do you plan on developing a higher payload for the cobot business?
Mark Jagiela: No, we have no plans for higher-payload cobots. Our cobots are exactly human scale very flexible has redesigning itself. So we don't see the highest payload market that fits what we're trying to do.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Atif Malik of Citigroup.
Atif Malik: Hi. Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on strong results in guide. Mark, if I look at the comment out of your peer in Japan, they're talking about the $3 billion market for next year. You guys are a little bit below that, $2.3 billion, $2.7 billion. You're generally more conservative. What takes us to the high end of the SOC test market next year? And then I have a follow-up.
Gregory Beecher: Yeah, first of all, the peer advance test forecast for the market sizes exclude service. And our sizes include service. So actually, there are $3 billion excluding service and $800 million for memory and I believe $2.2 billion for SOC. In the service business, you have to add another $500 million to $600 million to that to their number. So in truth, we're pretty close to each other. And for us, this year, $2.6 billion market is a tale of a tape in a complete year. We could end up with a slightly higher market than $2.6 billion by the end of the year. But as we run into next year, the visibility we have at least through the early part of next year shows continued strong demand. We could easily be outside of north end of the range. We're talking about now, as we were last year, this time last year for the SOC market, we said to $2.1 billion to $2.5 billion, coming into $2.6 billion. So the message I really want to give is it's very difficult for us to create a precise forecast at this point in the year. We took a lot of top-down factors. Very few customers give us forecast because they're unable to forecast. So we're looking at what we see the pipeline around complexity trends for the devices that are coming out of design and into production to try to estimate next year's demand.
Atif Malik: Got it. Thank you, very helpful. And then Greg, on the gross margins, you have made improvements this year. Can you talk a little bit more about what drove the margins higher this year? You mentioned product mix. And as Mark commented, you're looking at similar mix next year. How should we think about gross margin broadly for next year?
Gregory Beecher: Yes. This was a very strong year for us gross margins. SOC was very strong. LitePoint was stronger than we expected. On the flipside, we have less Storage Test business, which pulls margins down. And when you turn that around, we expect next year more Storage Test business, so that would be one thing by itself that would move the margins a bit down. And there's probably helping on the memory business coming our way, too. And some of that might have lower margins as well. So margins are always a bit difficult to forecast. The good news is we're able to get material cost down year-after-year and make significant improvements at Universal Robots, for example. So we have a stronger starting spot, but we do see a couple of headwinds with Storage Test and for memory business. But apart from that, I thought two things, I can think of that could have a quantifiable impact.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Eastman of Robert W. Baird.
Richard Eastman: Yes. Good morning. Just two quick questions on the SemiTest business. Mark, when you look into the fourth quarter here, we've had two years in 2015 and 2016 where we've had this pull-forward of orders into the queue given one of big mobility customer's plans for new products. As we move here into this fourth quarter, does that order trend on the mobility side for SemiTest, does it more look like 2013 and 2014 where we have normalized kind of order pattern? Or is there still this expectation that we'll see the big mobility vendors, chip vendors pull and make sure they get their test orders in the queue earlier?
Mark Jagiela: Yes, that's always for the last several years been I'll be questioned. And it's really hard to call because the order window is about between these 2013, 2014,2015,2016, 2017, it's the eight-week window that can move depending on their internal planning cycles and their order release timing. So the timing isn't clear. It could be late Q4. It could be early Q1. I think the ship off schedule independent of when the orders book will be similar, meaning Q2, Q3 kind of concentration as it's been in the prior years.
Richard Eastman: Okay. And then just a question on the SemiTest. The orders here in the third quarter, I presume were kind of on the ultra-flex M side or Magnum test side given that you referenced memory. Does that impact the gross margin that's in backlog in the SemiTest side?
Mark Jagiela: A little bit. Our Memory Test gross margins are a bit below the average in SemiTest. It's maybe 4 to 5 points of swing there. But given that relative size of memory at $65 million, let's say, to the total, it's not overly impactful.
Gregory Beecher: And the fourth quarter gross margins, we've got it down because of Storage Test and memory. I should add that both of those businesses generally have lower OpEx. But the lower OpEx comes with lower gross margins, so they all have good PBIT.
Richard Eastman: Okay. And can I just - need to question on UR, could you just maybe speak a little bit to the 400 basis points of gross margin improvement year-over-year, is that coming from price, is it components cost down, supply chain stuff, just trying to understand maybe how do you get that kind of gross margin improvement year-over-year?
Mark Jagiela: Most of it is from price. We announced a price increase early in the year, which is now we pulled through. Orders were shipping now. We've done material cost. That's a smaller part of the improvement. The good news is material cost continues next year and next year. So we do expect our supply line group from Teradyne should be able to help robots continue to lower material cost and get the best commercial terms and strategic sourcing in place. So that will continue. So we're very pleased with the performance overall with Universal Robots gross margin. In truth, it's largely software is what we're delivering here. It's very reliable, the chemical components. So we do see over time that the opportunities to keep the margins quite healthy.
Richard Eastman: Understand. Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Ho of Stifel.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Brian Cheng calling in for Patrick. Thanks for letting me ask a few questions. First question, just going back to the SemiTest business and the SOC business in particular. Could you just characterize the utilization environment right now at your customers from a strategic perspective now versus what you typically expect and how that again set you up maybe for your typical seasonality and the business into early next year?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. This is always a strong utilization period after having installed a lot of equipment in summer period. Right now, new product, electronic products are keeping in production. So utilization is very high. It is, in compared to prior periods; it is running roughly close to where it's been prior period, a little bit stronger, Q4 to Q4 of prior period. Now that doesn't necessarily - we've not found that to be a prognosticator of what's coming next year, but that is where we are right now.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, that's helpful. Switching over to the UR business. Just curious, what is your install base now for cobots? Curious how much of that still in Europe on a relative percent basis? And sort of, if you think those metrics, what from an install base perspective we are that could be exiting next year? And the second part of that is just the different tact on your margin growth in the business. Is it possible here that given the strength in the Semi Test side of the business that you're even under-investing in UR and you could even pump up investments even more and push up maybe some of the margin targets just to continue to set yourself up for really strong trajectory in that business moving forward?
Mark Jagiela: Right. That's a good point, and we do expect to invest more in OpEx growth in next year. Obviously, as we continue to grow by 50%, the sales growth is higher on a bigger number. So the OpEx is going to probably grow up more than 20 million, it could increase of last two quarters. But we'll pencil that as we go towards the end of the year. So we see many opportunities to fan out Universal Robots in different regions, distributors, ecosystem partners, no short-term opportunities. In terms of where the cobots are, the mix that we described in the prepared remarks, it's been fairly consistent. Europe is about 43%, and I'm losing that a little bit. Asia is 26%. North America is 23%. This past quarter, 8% rest of the world. And all the regions are growing at a very high rate. Long term, we expect china to be very significant. But today, there's many applications in these higher-cost countries that are being deployed. And I mentioned in my remarks that in China, you have some subsidies from government entities, which could accelerate the cobots faster in china as policymakers see the advantage of bringing cobots to their workforce.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we have Toshiya Hari of Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Hey good morning and thanks for taking my questions. My first one is on Semi Test. Mark; you guys have talked about strength in the automotive and industrial end markets for I think several quarters now. I think historically, these end markets, whether it'd be digital or analog, would be on first several quarters and offer several quarters and kind of back on again. But I think at this time, it seems like the cycle is extended in a positive way. What did you see in these end markets, I guess, this Q3? And what are your expectations going forward?
Mark Jagiela: You're correct. Typically, the pattern you mentioned has been true, and this one has extended longer. Third quarter was strong again. What happened in fourth quarter looks to be pretty good. I think there are several things that are new in the dynamic here. One is that the electrification of the automobile is something that, although in the past, it has been of slow bleed, it's starting to become an avalanche of electronics moving toward model years, let's say, one to three years away from now. Whether that's hybrid vehicles, EV or traditional vehicles with ADAS, all of that is fueling a lot of new designs and new complexity. I mean, the complexity of the semiconductors we're talking about next-generation in automotive are much higher than prior generations. So you have this double effect for test, where the high-test intensity environment to start with, plus a step-up in complexity and ubiquity has really changed that sort of bits and starts dynamics of things. So we're pretty positive on the next few years for automotive electronics.
Toshiya Hari: Great. And then I have a follow-up on Memory Test. Can you remind us what percentage of the TAM you guys actively addressed today within Memory Test? And I know you have new initiatives in place to potentially expand your TAM, but where could a percentage number being 12 months to 24 months? Thank you.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah. So the primary segment that we serve is Flash final test. And we think we have a pretty high share of that segment. It's roughly $200 million portion of that, let's say, $650 million TAM this year for Memory Test. So the concentration we have now is there. We are moving the Magnum product line now into more wafer applications, which is closer to a $350 million new market opportunity for us that we should start seeing next year as an adder.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini of SIG.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yeah. Thank you. I wanted to go back to, you briefly mentioned M&A, and given the prospect of changes in taxation, would that accelerate the M&A strategy? Or it has no impact which is pretty fair using any change in taxation to strengthen capital return program?
Mark Jagiela: Mehdi, I don't see any possible tax changes would cause us doing any different in our M&A approach. So much of our M&A approach as is it like Trexler at Universal Robots growth with the differentiation, obviously, with the financial return. And if there's any sort of tax planning, that's more of a bonus thing that we think about, but we don't put that into or put that as something that should drive is on the direction. It's much more the fit in the advantage that can give us.
Mehdi Hosseini: Okay. And then you mentioned new wafer application wafer test, is that driven by increased adoption of wafer level packaging? Or is there any other driver that you can help us understand?
Mark Jagiela: Are you referring to memory wafer test?
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes. Yes, you mentioned that you're looking at the additional wafer test yeah, I'm just trying to figure out what the driver for that.
Mark Jagiela: Well, that segment of wafer test for memory is for many years been a relatively large segment. We, in introducing the Magnum, chose to focus on Flash final test because that is where we interface discontinuity first presented itself and gave us the opportunity to take market share. Now that we're established there, we've been able to take some of the architectural benefit of Magnum and see places in the wafer test, pre-existing wafer test market where we can exploit that technology. So I wouldn't say something is changing, but now we're in a position to take that platform into a pre-existing large wafer market.
Mehdi Hosseini: Got it. And if I may just ask one clarification to your comment about the demand trend. In Q1 is when you typically have a strong backlog. This year, your backlog had a historical high of almost $870 million. Given the demand trend that you highlighted, the strength in the underlying trend for each business unit, should we assume that you can add the minimum hit similar backlog level by early next year?
Mark Jagiela: No, I don't think you should assume that. It gets back to the discussion we had a bit earlier because the timing of the orders been in late Q4 versus early Q1 is one factor this year. But sometimes, the order is even shift in from Q1 to Q2. It's not a one lump order that typically drives the summer demand. There's an initial baseline order that takes place, and then follow-on incremental orders as true demand for, let's say, the summer peak starts to unfold. So those orders run from anywhere late Q4 all the way through, let's say, May, and they're spread across their periods. So it's hard to say that you snap align it backlog at the end of Q1 or at the end of Q4 and making meaningful judgments from that.
Operator: Your next question comes from C. J. Muse of Evercore.
C. J. Muse: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I guess first question, when I look at your sizing of the SOC market for '17, your expected revenue of Semi Test and when you talk about in memory, it looks like your market share is up about 600 bps, around 57%. So the first question is, is that the right math? And is that the kind of market share that you would expect to retain in SOC into 2018?
Mark Jagiela: Well, yes, I think, first of all, the actual market share gains for 2017 will depend our shipments in Q4 and the market size. We said 2.6. It could be 2.65. It could be 2.7 when everything is done. But we will likely be up in share anywhere from 2 to 6 points, let's say, in SOC. Next year, I think what we'll end up doing is probably we'll be consolidating next year. Our plan typically is to try to pick off one to two points a year and beyond that pace. We've done much better this year. And so I think for next year, as we're looking at it now, we're going to try and maintain the share position. We're going to hit this year with and look for in the SOC side more market momentum. In the case of memory, we're going to see both market momentum and an expected share gain there to allow for growth.
C. J. Muse: Very helpful. And as a follow-up question, as you think about gross margin specifically for your SOC business, obviously, it's very early predicting what the margin size will be next year. But if I take kind of the midpoint, it's still roughly 5% year-on-year. As you think about kind of the mix shift going into this year next year, how should we think about it, again I know it's early, but how should we think about gross margins for the SOC business year-over-year?
Mark Jagiela: I think the SOC margins will be generally similar. It's possible they're down half a point or so. We had a few credits that will reverse, meaning some inventory that was digitally reserve that we sold, so that comes out in profit. So we could have some charges we're anticipating, retrofit or - but we can't really forecast those, so there may be a little bit of moving there. But you just said, the product itself, ignoring the credit or the obsolete type charges, I don't think SOC would largely be similar get material cost, but there's a little bit price erosion this year. They tend to stay in some equilibrium over time. And I think the one thing that we can point out is that Storage Test and Memory, certainly Storage Test will be much bigger next year, and that will have a downward impact. Obviously, Universal Robots, which is improved their margin throughout the year, so the bunch of things in the mix as we get to think we'll have a better analytical sense as to what to guide for the year.
C. J. Muse: I guess, I was trying to get a read on how you're thinking about higher margin auto, industrial as opposed to lower margin, all things being equal, digital. Do you have an early read on that year-over-year?
Mark Jagiela: Not really. Like I said, I think the mix next year isn't too different from this year in terms of those segments.
C. J. Muse: Okay. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edwin Mok of Needham.
Edwin Mok: Great. Thanks for taking my question. First question just I guess is on SemiTest. I think one of your customer with foundries talked about high-performance contributing potential become a big driver longer term? How do you see that driving the test market? Do you think that could become an incremental big driver for test market?
Mark Jagiela: Any high complexity digital device is a driver. And so to the extent more, let's say, AI, deep learning applications require specialized, complex, processing-type digital, that will be a balloon, absolutely.
Edwin Mok: Are you seeing that right now? Or is that something callable in the long-term?
Mark Jagiela: Well, I think, no, not right now. There's a lot of discussion and buzz around that type of application. But even if you look at places like GPUs, which are those kinds of processors, it somewhere in the $100 million to $200 million test market per year. So it's relatively small, anywhere from 5% to 10% of the market.
Edwin Mok: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then jumping on the UR, I think you guys talked about investing OpEx and has grown OpEx over the last two years as you comp your bigger distribution, right? I'm just curious as you look into 2018, do you see needs to further invest in R&D, especially software, things like that will most likely to be the next step for you guys to increase capability UR robot? Is there a way we should expect increased spending in 2018? Is there a way to kind of think about how you spend on your OpEx or how you could increase your OpEx going into 2018 OpEx between R&D SG&A?
Gregory Beecher: I would expect in 2018, we're going to increase both the distribution and marketing. Similar to what we've done prior years to have more higher dollars because, again, last year 2020, our plan to grow 50% or greater from 2017 is considerably higher sales growth in dollars, so we're going to need more OpEx to field all of those distribution initiatives and programs. In terms of R&D, specifically, we are going to continue to up R&D. We see a number of opportunities to make the cobot extend into other spaces that it's not in today. And this goes back a little bit to the question earlier when we go to a different cobot size. Frankly, we see so many opportunities with the three cobots. The challenge for us is getting as many people that are talented onboard working in the right direction. That's the bigger challenge versus any shortage of attractive opportunities.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Weston Twigg of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Weston Twigg: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. First, addressing universal a bit, on the SOC market outlook for next year, you have to down just a little bit midpoint. I'm wondering if you could be more specific on what you had a little bit concerned, which segment had you a little bit concerned about the market maybe being a bit lower next year?
Mark Jagiela: I don't think it's any particular segment. It's just maybe a lot of experience over many years in the industry is that the visibility at this point being low, I would be reticent to be too aggressive. I think come January, we'll be able to have a better view of that. But maybe we'll stock it up to some stage conservatism at this point.
Weston Twigg: Okay. That makes sense. The other question I had was on the Universal Robots side. I'm wondering if he could update us on what you think your current market share is? And also, just why the Q3 revenue related to grow much sequentially. Was there anything that prevented is a bit faster growth quarterly or sequential quarterly growth?
Mark Jagiela: So on the second point, the sequential quarterly compares were really tough in UR's case. Q3 tends to be a slow quarter because of vacations in Europe. Q4 tends to be a big quarter in the past because of people trying to meet year-end goals. I think I mentioned that this year's Q4 year-over-year compare will probably be closer to the 50% growth number, meaning the year for us we'll finish at about 60, mid-60s. That's because we changed our incentive programs to try to smooth out the end-of-year rush to buy that we've seen in prior years. So sequential ordering in UR is not something that's very meaningful, I would say. Year-over-year comparisons are better.
Weston Twigg: Okay. And market share?
Mark Jagiela: So market share is a tough one because there's no reliable third-party reports on this, and there's a growing population of cobots. If you go out and Google cobots, every quarter, you'll see the a few more and a few more out there. None of them are competitive with us in terms of the situations that we're settling into. So it's still a pretty meaningful environment, but we said in the past roughly 60% share-based on reports that at this point are over a year old on market size estimates. I don't believe we lost any share. But I think it's going to be hard for us to be too precise on that until we get some reliable third-party reporting.
Weston Twigg: All right. Thank you.
Andrew Blanchard: Zetania, we have time for just one more question please.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Farhan Ahmad of Credit Suisse.
Farhan Ahmad: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Can you just talk about how you are forecasting the SOC test market for next year? If I think about the SME revenue growth, it's been stronger this year since 2010 and almost tracking about 10%, excluding memory. Can you just give us a sense of how you're going about SOC Test market? And what kind of SemiTest growth are you assuming for next year?
Mark Jagiela: So the things that drive our market, certainly unit growth is important for us, that generally correlates to SemiTest revenue growth, not always, but unit growth is important. Complexity growth is important. So at this stage, what we're looking at is, hard to forecast next year's unit growth, so we're looking at complexity growth. We're looking at devices that our major customers that are in preproduction that will grow, that will ramp next year trying to get a sense of do we see the same trends in terms of complexity, which means test intensity and test time. What do we see happening with parallel test? Next year's amount of parallel test kind of get sets clearly now through Q1 because the programs are in development. So we look at trends around complexity, parallel test, test time and tend think that we don't have a good read on right now is what is unit growth kind of look like.
Gregory Beecher: I'll just add, inside the company, there isn't enormous amount of time trying to literally answer that those questions because they're really not answerable. There's so many uncertainties. And we're much more focused on are we executing our market share goals, our gross margin goals and so forth. And every time we speak to you guys, maybe to talk about the market. But it's not something that we put enormous energy and because it's something that it's not very notable.
Farhan Ahmad: Got it. But can you just give us a sense of what kind of unit growth are you assuming in the forecast, the acceleration this year or similar, at the high end maybe and maybe the deceleration at the low end?
Gregory Beecher: I think that the high end, it will be similar unit growth to this year. The low end will obviously be a significant fall back. But again, as Greg said, there's not a lot of analytics that go into the ranges I'm giving you.
Farhan Ahmad: Got it. And then in terms of your margins, this year has been pretty phenomenal. The operating margin have been above 25%. Can you just maybe talk about at a high level, do you think these margins are sustainable and we can grow from here? As your revenue grows, should we expect somewhat of a moderation next year?
Gregory Beecher: I think so much if it is tied to this prior conversation, where exactly is the market size next year for the point in time, but we feel good about the long-term trends. But calling any 12-month window is more difficult for us with precision. But that was what really drives our profitability because there are such good drop-through and higher sales in Semi Test. We don't need to add manufacturing people. We don't need to add engineers or sales people. So that's the biggest swing factor in our P&L is the market size. The things that we can control, obviously getting more market share, we've been doing that, improving robots we've been doing that and then improving our other system like LitePoint businesses we are doing that as well. But the wildcard in all of this is what is the Semi Test market, that's the biggest single thing to our profitability.
Farhan Ahmad: Thank you. That's all I had.
Andrew Blanchard: Okay, operator, we're going to close this up. Thanks, everybody, for joining us and closing the queue, I'll get back to you immediately after this call ends.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc. Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc. Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.
Analysts: Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Group Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Atif Malik - Citigroup C. J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC Jagadish K. Iyer - Summit Redstone Partners LLC Y. Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Patrick Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Zetania and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Teradyne Q2 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. Mr. Andy Blanchard, you may begin your conference.
Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc.: Thank you, Zetania. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our CEO, Mark Jagiela and CFO, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks we'll provide details of our performance for 2017's second quarter and our outlook for the third quarter. The press release containing our second quarter results was issued last evening. We're providing slides on the Investor page of the website that maybe helpful to you in following today's discussion. Replay of this call will be available via the same page after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release as well as our most recent SEC filings. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we'll make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We've posted additional information concerning those non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, where available on the Investor page of the website. Also between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne will be participating in investor conferences hosted by Needham, KeyBanc, Citi and Deutsche Bank. Now, let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, Mark will comment on our recent results and the market conditions as we enter the third quarter. Greg will then offer more details on our quarterly financial results along with our guidance for the third quarter. We'll then answer your questions. And this call is scheduled for one hour. Mark?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Thanks, Andy, and hello, everyone. Today I'll provide a summary of our second quarter and first half results, describe how we're thinking about the full year, and provide some additional insight on our strategy at Universal Robots. As expected, we had a very strong second quarter. Our sales of $697 million were up 31% from the year ago quarter and non-GAAP EPS of $0.90 was up 64% from that same period. This reflects strong demand across the Semiconductor Test base and at Universal Robots. Semi Test was our biggest driver with sales of $593 million in the quarter, and $949 million for the first half of the year. This is the second consecutive year of high demand in the mobility test segment, as device complexity growth continues to fuel demand. We are also benefiting from the capacity additions to support a steady increase in both the volume and complexity of automotive electronics. In the automotive market, there's a healthy activity in new advanced technologies for hybrids, electrics and advanced driver-assisted automation systems. At the same time, the demand has been increasing for more traditional technologies, such as microcontroller and analog device families, supporting functions like cabin controls and LED lighting, as these functions move from high-end to mid-range to low price cars. Additionally, automotive camera growth continues at double-digit rates, fueling image sensor test expansion. All these factors point to continued strong demand for test capacity for automotive electronics. In memory test, our first half has also been strong, driven primarily by demand for Flash package test systems. Memory test sales in the second quarter were $50 million, more than double Q1 sales and up 22% from the year ago period. We've noted in past calls that the combination of Flash bit growth and the move to higher speed interfaces, like UFS are responsible for the growth of our memory test business. These devices have interface speeds now reaching over 5 gigabits per second, which can't be tested on older legacy test systems. As smartphone video capture and display performance improves, the memory performance must likewise improve. Similarly, SSDs require interface speeds substantially higher than the operating speeds of older installed base testers. We expect these higher performance requirements will be a long-term tailwind for the memory market, and the high-speed, high throughput architecture of our Magnum product line is resonating with customers. For the full year, we expect the SOC test market to be towards the high end of the $2.4 billion to $2.6 billion range we described in our April call. And we expect to gain 1 points or 2 points of market share. For memory test, we've increased the top of our market size range by $50 million, and we now forecast a market this year of $550 million to $600 million. We expect our memory test sales to grow in 2017, but below the overall market rate, as segments outside our core Flash final test segment are growing faster this year. In 2018, we plan to broaden our Magnum memory test footprint by expanding into new memory test market segments. In the combined total ATE market, we expect to gain about 1 point of share this year. At Universal Robots, we are tracking nicely to our 50% or greater annual growth target, with second quarter and first half sales up 57% and 81%, respectively, compared with 2016. Bookings in the second quarter were down sequentially, as pricing change that took effect in Q2 pulled some orders forward into the first quarter. Greg will provide more color on UR shortly, but I will point out that we are very pleased with the overall performance of the business. In the first half, about 60% of our growth came from distributors that were on board at the same time last year, while 40% of the growth came from new distributors. China remains a bright spot this year, with year-to-date sales running more than double the same period in 2016. We are also continuing to expand the range of programs designed to help our distribution partners improve their capabilities and their productivity. These range from product and sales training to trade show support, to expanding the range of peripherals available so they can address an even broader range of end markets. For example, our Universal Robots plus open architecture partner program added an application that provides a high-resolution camera and supporting software for surface metrology and 3D scanning. Another recent addition allows remote cobot monitoring using a smartphone. Collectively, we now have about 40 UR-plus products available and we'll continue to expand the number to provide an increasing range of proven capabilities available to customers around the world. These apps broaden the market reach, shorten the development time and improve the ease of employing the power of UR cobots. In wireless test at LitePoint, we had another good quarter. Sales were up 23% from Q2 of 2016 to $28 million and up 24% for the first half when compared with the first half of 2016. The business was profitable for the fourth consecutive quarter, as we've aligned our cost structure to the new market size. Meaningful market and revenue growth at LitePoint awaits the next round of Wi-Fi standards, which we expect to begin deployment in smartphones in late 2018 and into 2019. We expect to see initial 802.11ax chipsets and in terminal equipment deployed later this year. Cellular test expansion will follow, with another wave of growth as 5G technologies begin to roll out. Other than low-volume demonstration sites, the timing of significant 5G technology rollouts is likely to be in the 2020 timeframe and beyond. In System test, we saw quarterly sequential sales growth in the combined defense and aerospace and production board test businesses, of about 10%, but storage test remains quite slow. We expect that business to pick up in the second half, as a new product in that group currently installed at elite customer begins to generate revenue for the fourth quarter. For the full year, we expect system test sales to be similar to last year's $190 million, so we'll see sales this year a bit more back half loaded than last year. Overall company sales consistent with past years will be down in the second half, as this year's wave of mobility tooling is largely behind us. As a result, we expect first cap company sales as a percentage of the full year to be in the high 50s. The strength in the first half makes this a few percentage points higher than in past years. On the capital allocation front, as noted in the past calls, we will continue our balanced approach with dividends and share repurchases providing direct return to shareholders and M&A providing the growth factor. In the M&A area, we continue to look at a range of emerging technologies and businesses that have the potential to accelerate our growth in the automation space. With that, I'll turn it over to Greg for the financial details.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'll provide some brief comments on our first half financial performance and key annual goals, along with added commentary on Universal Robots. And then I'll cover the second quarter results and third quarter outlook. Starting with our financial performance, we're pleased to be tracking ahead of our midterm $2 non-GAAP EPS plan, having achieved $1.34 of non-GAAP EPS in the first half of 2017. The second half will, of course, be seasonally down Semi Test. But we expect we'll approach this $2 annual target this year. We'll be reviewing this target as part of our midterm planning process later this year, and we'll update you in the January call. At the 2017 halfway mark, our stronger EPS performance has been driven principally by SOC test. We're seeing broad demand across numerous segments including mobility, automotive, analog and microcontrollers. As Mark noted, the SOC test market is estimated at the high end of the $2.4 billion to $2.6 billion range this year, up as much as $200 million from last year. We get very good earnings leverage from SOC market growth, with our market share position and are approximately 50% or better operating profit drop through on higher SOC test sales. At the company level, we also achieved our highest first half sales this decade at $1.154 billion. The drivers of this very strong top line performance were SOC test and Universal Robots. In Semi Test, first half SOC test sales of $876 million were up over 20% versus the first half of a year ago. Mobility remained quite strong as expected, and automotive grew nicely. More broadly, in Analog and Microcontroller Test, there are many end applications, and our customers are seeing growth driving new capacity needs. So all told, a healthy but not overheated SOC test market. As Mark also noted, Universal Robots had first half sales of $76 million, which was up 81% from the first half of 2016, as we're benefiting from our aggressive distribution investments. We see many years of strong growth ahead as we believe we're still in the early adoption phase of bringing flexible, human scale automation to dull, dirty and dangerous tasks. On the 2017 annual goals that I outlined last quarter, we're performing on plan or better for most goals. Starting with our Semi Test market share goal, we're on a multiyear trend line to pick up at least 1 point of share. While market share gains goals are important, we'll continue to be highly targeted and disciplined in our mature Semi Test market so as to maintain healthy gross and operating margins. Next, our balanced capital allocation goal remains on track with our buyback and dividend programs and highly selective M&A. We continue to look at industrial automation opportunities, particularly for added software capabilities that can increase the sizable ease-of-use and flexibility advantage of UR's collaborative robots. Next UR is tracking towards 50% or greater annual growth goal at 81% at the halfway mark. I should add that quarter-to-quarter other short-term comparisons will have some noise. In Semi Test, our goal to operate at model profits of 50% or better is on plan, and the combine mil/aero production for test businesses. But in storage test we've incurred new product development cost in bringing a new product to a new market application, and expect to get back to our 50% or better operating profit in the fourth quarter. At LitePoint, our wireless test, our goal to operate in the black during the low and new standards is on track with our first half operating profit percentage in double digits. So we're tracking quite nicely against the key annual goals. Now, before I move to the second and third quarter details, let me quickly discuss UR's fit within Teradyne and UR's growth plans, as these are the areas where we get the most questions from investors and analysts. First, let's start with some context. We acquired UR in mid-2015 as we were looking for markets with long-term secular growth that had a connection to our core capabilities. We had earlier been a leader in the consolidation of automated test equipment, or ATE, with the acquisition of Eagle Test and Nextest, and saw there wasn't anything else closely adjacent to Semi Test that had long-term earnings power. We did however have wireless test and production board test customers looking to automate the feeding of their testers without reconfiguring their lines. And it didn't take a lot of imagination to see that this need for human-scale flexible automation was the tip of a very large ice berg. If you scan their production lines, you'd seem many dirty, dull and dangerous tasks that would benefit from human scale automation. And we realized that electronics was but one of many end markets that could benefit from today's cobots. The A or automate in ATE became fertile ground for us, if we could find an attractive path to enter the cobot market. We acquired Universal Robots, the clear market share leader in the emerging collaborative robot market, as UR cobots hit the sweet spot in ease of programming and flexibility allowing shop floor operators or small business owners to now benefit from automation. UR simply put, made automation available to the masses. UR cobots are used by many large companies too but the real innovation was to encapsulate the complexity and provide the shop floor user with high-level software, making it easy to deploy cobots. Adding to their value, our cobots can be quickly repurposed as the pinch points in a production operation change. These features, combined with UR's attractive price points, can yield a payback period as little as six months. Since acquiring UR, we've grown it's OpEx from about $7 million a quarter in late 2015 to about $16 million a quarter in the second quarter of 2017. This added investment is targeted at three key areas and positions us for continued growth and market leadership. First, we have strengthened UR's distribution capabilities, including increasing the velocity through existing partners by feeding them may more leads, providing more and better training programs, adding more commercial and technical support and cosponsoring about twice the number of product exhibitions. We're also continuing to open up new offices and add new partners to extend UR's geographic coverage. Our distributors are just scratching the surface of a very large potential market. Today, the average order size from our distributors is quite small at just two cobots, as most end-users are in the early adopter stage of deployment. This broad distribution reach and effectiveness at selling in low qualities creates a hurdle for others to replicate. Even in our larger deployments of 100 or more cobots, we believe we're in the early stages of growth, based upon the customer's longer-term plans and a number of untapped opportunities that we can see. Secondly, we're investing and supporting third-party developers with our UR-Plus open architecture partnership program. We've opened our software platform to an array of third-party developers, who are creating applications to run on UR cobots. We then assist them by promoting many of their products on the UR-plus online showcase. Third, the UR R&D team continues to extend the performance of our industry-leading software to improve ease of use and shorten deployment times. So we're adding to our first mover product advantage with a global distribution channel that can serve small and large deployments, while making it attractive for third-parties to develop applications on our cobot, bringing us additional new opportunities, both in manufacturing and service, and we're organically investing in the R&D necessary to maintain our product leadership. Lastly, on the fifth, we've been able to bring larger company capabilities to UR in supply line management, global recruiting and expansion, product marketing, customer service and business development. Of course, our electronics customer relationships are also tapped. Shifting now back to the company level. We paid $14 million in dividends and used $57 million to buy back 1.7 million shares at an average price of $33.60 in the second quarter. This leaves us with $406 million remaining under our current $500 million stock repurchase authorization, and we intend to spend at least $200 million in total this year. Since the start of our buybacks in 2015 we've bought back 25.4 million shares at an average price of $21.26. Our U.S. cash and marketable securities totaled $751 million, down $27 million due to our share buybacks and dividend payment. Our total cash and marketable securities balances of $1.62 billion were up $138 million due to strong profits and a reduction in inventory due to seasonally strong shipment levels in the quarter. Moving to the details of the second quarter, our sales were $697 million. The non-GAAP operating profit rate was 31%, and non-GAAP EPS was $0.90. We had one greater than 10% customer in the quarter. Gross margins were 56%, down 2 points from the prior quarter due to the mix of mobility business in the quarter. You'll see our non-GAAP operating expenses were $173 million, up $12 million from the first quarter, primarily due to higher variable compensation accruals on increased profit levels. Comparing our second quarter OpEx of $173 million versus the year-ago period, it's up by $15 million due to higher variable compensation accruals on higher profits, and an expansion of UR's distribution programs. Moving to the segment level details. Semi Test bookings were $369 million, down 23% sequentially from seasonally strong first quarter bookings of $476 million, SOC test orders were $314 million and our memory test orders of $55 million were the highest in over two years. Semi Test service orders were $79 million of the total. Semi Test sales were $593 million in the second quarter, driven by strong mobility and automotive demand with SOC making up $543 million and memory test the balance. Semi Test service revenue totaled $68 million in the quarter. At UR, orders in second quarter were $33 million and sales were $39 million, a quarterly sales record. UR's backlog was higher than normal at the end of Q1, as channel partners pulled in orders to the first quarter to avoid pricing changes. Regionally, UR's second quarter sales broke down, 39% in Europe, 28% in North America, 24% in Asia and 9% rest of the world. Moving to system test, orders were $29 million in the quarter, and sales were $37 million. In wireless test, we booked $30 million and had sales of $28 million in the second quarter. Turning to guidance for the third quarter, sales are expected to be between $455 million and $485 million, and the non-GAAP EPS range is $0.39 to $0.46, and 200 million diluted share. This outlook reflects the expected normal seasonality in Semi Test orders. The guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles and the noncash convertible debt interest. The third quarter gross margins should run at 57%, up 1 point from the second quarter due to favorable product mix. And the total OpEx should run from 34% to 37%. The operating profit rate at the midpoint of our third quarter guidance is about 22%. I should add that we plan to continue building UR's distribution capabilities to capture even more of the growth available in the cobot market, which should add a few million to our quarterly OpEx run rate, with quarterly UR OpEx increasing to around $20 million in late 2017. Elsewhere, as noted, we have increased investment in our Storage Test group to bring a new product to market aimed at a new application. Nonetheless, in our test businesses, we expect full year OpEx spending to be essentially flat year-over-year apart from normal changes in variable compensation tied to profitability levels. Shifting to taxes, our full year non-GAAP tax rate is expected to be 16.5%, up 0.5 point from our April estimate due to strength at LitePoint and Nextest, both of which are U.S. businesses that carry a higher tax rate. We're operating in 2017 above the prior three sequentially strong years, driven by SOC test strength and Universal Robots. Our test businesses, in aggregate, have consistently generated strong profitability and free cash flow since 2010, and UR continues growing in excess of 50% a year and extending its first mover advantage. This consistent strong performance provides the confidence to stay the course and continue to buyback our shares. With that, I'll turn the call back to Andy.
Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc.: Thanks, Greg. Zetania, we'd now like to take some questions and as a reminder please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini with SIG.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Group: Thank you. Going back to your commentary regarding building out the channels for the cobot business, I'm just trying to understand how this build-out is going to impact booking? Whether the new channel partners that you're engaging are going to have adverse impact on booking? Or how should we think about the impact on booking as the channel is built out? And I have a follow-up.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Mehdi, this should have a positive impact. We're building out; we're building out in regions and locations that we don't have good reach or contact with various end verticals or customers. So we very much expect the trend to continue that Mark mentioned that a fair amount of our growth comes from these new distributors as they're getting us to places that we had not gotten to before. At the same time we're improving the velocity of existing channel partners. So the two of them together is what gets us this greater than 50% growth. They're both critical to the ongoing high growth game plan we have.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Group: Got it. So the turnover by these new channel partners is not – shouldn't have an impact on what they book? That's what you're saying, right?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: The idea is that they don't cannibalize the existing. I can't say in every single case, they might not call in the same customer. But generally speaking, we're bringing on other distributors or integrators that are getting us to places that we had very little or inadequate coverage.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Group: Okay. Very clear, thank you. And one question on the Semi Test, I want to understand the TAM opportunities offered by MCU or automotive, which is the most secular versus the SOC, which is more concentrated among a few players. SOC meaning the out processor and GPU vendors. How do you see these two different sub-segments evolving and impacting to overall SOC test into the second half and into 2018?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah, the second half and 2018 is a pretty short timeframe. I will say that the variety of electronics going into automotive is growing. So the traditional microcontroller and analog growth is still there. It's probably running in the 7% to 8% growth range. But when you add on the growth happening in memory, more sophisticated controllers, image sensors, these new devices combined with the traditional devices, bring the aggregate electronic growth rate for automotive closer to that 10% level, in terms of semiconductor content contact. For test, because the test intensity is that much higher for a device going into automobile, that segment will probably grow in excess of 10% and – on average over the next three to five years. Quarter-to-quarter is hard to call, but that's how we look at it over the three to five years.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Group: I guess, if I were to rephrase my question, what percentage of SOC test is currently driven by auto and MCU and how is it going to change forward?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah, I think it's hard to quantify in a precise way because of the flow of content from segment. Even things like modems for cellular communication are now showing up in cars. But as a rough feel, and I would say that the test market for automotive electronics has roughly been in the $400 million range, and the combination of increasing content and test complexity, we'd expect that to grow in excess of 10%, probably in the 10% to 15% range on average.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Group: Great. Thanks for the details. I appreciate it.
Operator: Next, we have a question from Farhan Ahmad of Credit Suisse.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse: Thanks for taking my question. Just in terms of the pull in of the UR demand into Q1, can you just talk about what were the pricing changes and how did it impact – how did it result in pull in into Q1? And why shouldn't we be worried about the deceleration in growth in UR?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah, let me just give you a few data points on that. So, we had some geographic price adjustments in the first quarter were increases. That resulted in some of our distribution partners buying inventory ahead of that price increase that came in Q2. Depending on the geography, it could have been as much as 15%, 20% increase. But overall, it's a handful of percent price increase on the product. If you looked at what we booked in Q1, we booked $44 million at UR, and we shipped $36 million. So we built $8 million of backlog, which traditionally at UR would be quite high. Most of that would be attributed to this buy ahead. In the second quarter, we gave back $6 million of that $8 million that we built in the first quarter, and that essentially nets out the effect of that buying ahead for the price increase. So going forward, we'd expect a book-to-bill at UR to trend back close to that 1 ratio.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse: Got it. And can you just tell us why did you increase the price? Because this was a new emerging market and competition is coming as well. So – and I believe the gross margins are at least okay. So why increase the price?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: There were some regional differences in price that we wanted to bring the regions closer together, so that there was less of incentive to buy in one region and ship to another region by sophisticated customers. We also had a UR3 that has higher cost gears when they're smaller. And that product, we thought at the outset probably wasn't priced where it should have been, given its payback and the value that it brings. So, there were a couple of changes made and they seem to have gone well.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse: Got it. And then switching to the wireless side, can you talk about the 5G and how should we think about the growth from 5G as it relates to wireless business that you have?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Well, again, as I mentioned in my remarks, 5G is – there will be technology demonstrations, and there is certainly R&D development occurring now, very low level buying around design validation for those. From what we see, in terms of production rollout, reasonable infrastructure tooling and terminal equipment and handset deployment, that's 2020-plus. Now when that occurs, we expect that the market for test, for cellular, will have a significant growth behind it. And that could be – the market could be a couple hundred million dollars up during those early years of deployment. So, this year if the market is closer to the $200 million to $250 million for wireless test that could grow to $450 million to $500 million. And we see that running probably for three to five years during that 5G rollout.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse: Got it. Thank you. That's all I have.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Toshiya Hari of Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Mark, I wanted to follow up on the mobile SOC test question and kind of your outlook into 2018. Clearly you had two consecutive years of very strong growth here. I appreciate it's, kind of early, but if you can give us your preliminary thoughts on how you think about the business going into in 2018, that would be great?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah, any view of 2018 at this point is not based on any bottoms up view. Typically that visibility is quite short, in a, sort of, a three-month window. But the trends – the trends that we've been seeing in the past few years that we've talked about, number one, test time growth due to complexity growth. Number two, the sort of capping of parallel test, certainly is evident again this year, and we expect and all indications are that it will be true next year. There are some aggressive moves towards new lithography nodes that substantiate that, and the advanced packaging technologies that are being employed substantiate that. So at a trend level, macro level, even without a lot of unit growth, which has been the case now for a few years in mobility. The complexity growth has been and we expect it to continue to fuel demand for our test equipment.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you. And then, as a follow-up, I think in your prepared remarks, Mark, you talked about potentially expanding your product portfolio on the memory side in Semi Test. Can you perhaps elaborate on that? And how would your SAM in memory test grow as a result of that. I think historically, you've been strong in Flash package test, but elsewhere, I think you've been more of a follower relative to your nearest competitor. So if you can talk about your SAM expansion opportunities in memory test that will be helpful? Thank you.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Okay. Yes. So you're right. We have been quite strong in Flash package or final test. We've been able to move our market share in memory almost to roughly the 30% level of the total market through that strength. Where we haven't really participated much is in probe test or wafer test. That represents – it moves around year-to-year, but that represents roughly half of the memory test market in aggregate, which is a part of the SAM we haven't participated in. So if you look at this year being close to $600 million, $300 million or so is in probe test. That's for both DRAM and for flash combined. So our plans are to move the product in that direction, move the Magnum platform toward more probe test applications, and open up the other half, let's say, of the memory test market where we have not participated.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you so much.
Operator: And next, we have a question from the line of Atif Malik from Citi.
Atif Malik - Citigroup: Hi. Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on the strong execution. First question for Greg, Greg, I'm looking at the transcript from the April quarter, and you guys well telegraphed that your order rates in Q1 are going to accelerate because of the pricing change. So, it's not a surprise that your orders are down in Q2. My question to you to why report orders, your U.S. frontend peers have stopped reporting orders as they could be lumpy and there is volatility in them, and sell side does not know how to model them. So why continue reporting segment orders? And then, I have a follow up.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Well, Atif, ironically we were just talking about that before the call; revisit that. So, I mean, the reason we continue doing it is if we stop doing it, we don't want to create some uncertainty and some worry or some greater speculation that people try so hard to figure out what they are, and that's all they talk about. But it is something we should look at. And we've actually said before the call let's look at what others do. Obviously, where there's very short lead times, booking, I mean, reporting order doesn't do anything. It's misleading. It's really shipments. So it's something we will look at and come to a conclusion on.
Atif Malik - Citigroup: Okay. As a follow-up for Mark. Mark, TSMC is talking about expanding use of cohost for AI chips for Nvidia and others. Can you just talk about how would that impact your opportunity in the future?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yes. So I won't comment specifically about any one customer or technology. But in general, the advanced packaging trend towards integration is – as we've talked about, it's a positive impact for test. It increases the premium on known good die, because the assembly of that advanced package puts a premium on low, low failure rates, high, high yields. So known good die goes up, which means test time goes up at probe. And then the testing of the integrated package itself, once the various components have been assembled and mounted, the complexity factor goes up. It scales more than just proportional to the transistor comp. When you have that collection of parts integrated on a substrate, it tends to drive up test seconds. And it's another depressant on increasing parallelism. So overall, for tests, it's a good effect.
Atif Malik - Citigroup: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of C. J. Muse of Evercore.
C. J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC: Yes, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I guess first question I wanted to revisit an earlier question regarding SOC and you talked about complexity. So typically, you guys have had an on year and then an off year and now we have two on years in a row. And I guess I'm trying to understand what has truly changed here? You know historically, semiconductors have been complex and will continue to be complex. But has it reduced parallelism that is now driving this uplift that is sustainable, is a confluence of perhaps emerging growth drivers related to AI and other factors like that, how are you thinking about that from a very big picture perspective?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yes. So you're right. Complexity of semiconductors has been increasing every year since the dawn of the semiconductor era. So what's changed? Well, the semiconductor complexity growth I would say is on a silicon level not changed very much in terms of its progression. The parallelism, plateauing, certainly has changed. So that counterbalance to complexity growth that we've had going back a decade plus, is something that has changed. The economics of trying to turn the knobs up higher on parallelism are just not there. The expense of the pro cards and the time to market hit or trying to do that does not justify continuing to try to mitigate test times through higher parallelism. So that's absolutely one factor. And then the other factor we just talked that's changing is advanced packaging. Advanced packaging is another new element in the mix that incrementally drives higher test intensity. So, removing parallelism as a depressant and we still have complicity growth and a new element of advanced packaging.
C. J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC: Very helpful. And I guess as my follow-up. It looks like embedded in your September OpEx guidance is, perhaps around 5 million, 6 million higher OpEx. And I get – you had the chat in the your slide deck very you're spending more on UR and keeping Semi Test flat and you have incremental competition. But is that kind of up 5 million to 6 million run rate, what we should be expecting going forward through 2018 or how should we be thinking about OpEx?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: If you want to look at OpEx, I would take this full year 2017 compared to 2016. And I'd expect 25 million more for variable compensation, which you weren't necessarily carrying forward to 2018 unless you had a similar looking year. And what's driving that variable composition is we're hitting all of our goals, our growth goals, our market share goals, our profitability goals. So, the variable compensation is at a high end this year in 2017. The other place we're spending is going up in Universal Robots. That's also about $25 million in OpEx for the full year. Apart from that, our test businesses are flat. So if you want to look at 2018 it's very – it depends on what your model for 2018, your variable compensation will vary depending upon what you put in, but Universal Robots will likely still increase in 2018 but test will remain flat.
C. J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC: Okay, helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jagadish Iyer of Summit Redstone.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Summit Redstone Partners LLC: Yeah, thanks for taking my question. Two questions. First, on UR. I was wondering how many distributors do you plan to add in calendar 2017? And how does this compare to calendar 2016 and what is your take for next year for distributors?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Okay. From about a year ago we're up about one-third in distributors, but it's not a numbers game. It's really are we getting the right partner in the right regions. So, we try not to get caught into just looking at the number. It's more the quality. But we would expect to be growing distributors for probably a couple of more years to spread out through our cobots, are connected to different verticals. And as you the UR plus applications growth, the cobots will be taking into new task, new applications, new customers, and that will also provide opportunities to call on different new accounts or new task to be replaced with automation because third-party developers has developed a nippy solution on our cobot.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Summit Redstone Partners LLC: Okay. Fair enough. Then on a bigger picture, I think you alluded to an earlier question here. The frontend equipment guys have indicated a new baseline in spending. I was wondering as units continue to grow and dye size has become bigger and bigger, is there a new baseline for Semi Test that we reconnect us as we look at it over the next two to three years, or do you still view it as a deeply cyclical business? Thank you.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah. I don't view it as deeply cyclical. I do think that there will be swings of 10%, 15% in market size in our future. We had a pretty good consistent run, but I don't think the underlying volatility, although muted going forward, will disappear. The thing about test is that for 10 years up through – through 2013, what we call the capital intensity of test relative to the revenue of semiconductors had been declining. What's happened since then is that, that had plateaued, stabilized and may in fact be slightly growing. So I would say the baseline for test has shifted from a compressing market relative to growth of semiconductors to one that is now perhaps at least growing as fast, if not slightly ahead of the semiconductor market. There's only three years, four years here we are we have seen this trend so rather than prognosticate a long vector, we're still looking and what we have said we expect the market to grow at least on an average at 1% per year. We've been ahead of that. We look at that every year and we may change that model, but that's how we look at it.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Summit Redstone Partners LLC: Okay. Congrats on a good execution.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Edwin Mok of Needham.
Y. Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. First on the ATE side, I understand you guys have very strong position in image sensor. We see good demand both in volume, as well as new requirement related to call it AR, VR (44:00) or 3D sensing, just curious how does that affect the test requirement for image sensor? Does it really help you on the ATE's image sensor market?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Absolutely. There's been a series of trends in image sensors that have been very good for Teradyne. The original – obviously smartphone incorporations within in the front side camera, now the dual cameras on the backside, moving to what maybe even additional types of image sensors and cameras beyond the three in a high end phones today. All of that has driven up unit volume; typically the pixel density has also been increasing. So that is a combination of effect on test demand. Now we are seeing automotive and in the case of automotive, it multiple, multiple sensors, upwards of six image sensors or more in an automobile is the timeline for the high-end models, which will then move down to the midrange and low-end. So all of that has been great. All that being said, image sensor testing as a business is roughly in the $100 million to $150 million a year range out of the total SOC market of about 2.6. So that gives you a rough sense of the size.
Y. Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC: Great. That's actually helpful color. And then just moving on your (45:27) you mentioned that your China business has doubled. I'm just curious – and China is still a small part of your business, maybe around 10% of your business, something like that. But, kind of, curious, maybe talk about geographic growth opportunities, is China now the best growth opportunity for your UR business or is that where (45:46) think about where you we should see greatest geographic expansion for you all?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: I think for the next couple of years, you should see high growth in all regions. Obviously Europe and North America have a faster payback because there's higher labor cost. But what we're seeing in China, even Singapore is you have government subsidies to get cobots in faster so they're more competitive globally. So we see growth in all regions for a period of time, but long-term, long-term, I certainly would expect China to grow more than others long-term just given there is many more opportunities to automate in China.
Y. Edwin Mok - Needham & Company, LLC: Sounds, great. That's all I have. Thank you.
Operator: Up next, we have Krish Sankar of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I have a couple of them. One is, as you try to increase your Universal Robots sales, besides the quality of distributors, would you consider doing a direct sales force like what Fanex (46:53) do or some kind of like a better mousetrap like having all the robots come with vision like what Rethink (47:02) does?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah. So, a couple of points there, right now we don't have any view that a direct sales force is the right approach to the market. The market tends to be quite diffuse. There may be some house accounts that develop over time as we talk about some very large thousands of cobot type deployments that could occur and those are things we are looking at. But by and large, 90% plus of the market over time, we view being served through the distribution channel and partner program we have. As it relates to incorporating other features in the cobot as standards, if you look at vision as an example, vision is a critical element in some cobot deployments, but by far not all, in fact today, in Universal Robot's case, roughly 15% to 20% of our deployments do incorporate some form of camera and vision system, but not all. So to burden every customer with the expense of standard camera wouldn't be economical or prudent for the market. It's not a universal requirement. Also, in the case of deploying vision, if you look at the variety of camera types that have been deployed depending on the application, it's quite diverse. One camera doesn't suit all applications. So if you are doing an inspection step, you certainly need a different camera type than if you're doing a product ID step. Or if you're doing something like a pick and place where you need to visualize an object, locate it, guide a robot arm to pick it up, that's yet again a different camera and vision system than the other applications. So we don't see that there is a universal camera and therefore, it's not part of our universal product.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Got it. Helpful. And then a follow-up on the Semi Test side, you guys have done a great job in gaining share in mobility test, and also on the analog and microcontroller side, but if I'm right, your penetration on the GPU side is like almost zero. Do you have any plans to gain market share in the GPU front? Thank you.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah. We're certainly active in the GPU space. I would say certainly – you're correct, our share there is below our average share in the industry. So it's an opportunity. It's not zero. But it is low. So that's an opportunity for us. We have demonstrated the ability to have a differentiated platform for these quick time-to-market high complexity parts. And back – I would say from about 2000 through 2013 or so, we've had a conscious strategy of focusing on mobility, analog, automotive segment and less focus on what was then computer PC type devices. Now that we've moved to north of 50% share of the market, we're obviously got our sights on underperforming segments and that's one.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Ho of Stifel.
Patrick Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you very much. Mark, first off, in terms of, I think, some comments you made about the expansion and broadening of market application for cobots. Can you give some specific examples of what marketplaces you've seen cobots go into that you may not have thought of say a year or year and half ago?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Sure. The applications that typically we've targeted have been a big part of our growth are automating the operating of industrial machinery like CNC machines, injection molding machines, conveyor operations, pick and place. Those are sweet spots, huge potential still, but right up the middle. Beyond that, we have seen applications, for example, where the cobot starts to do things like polishing applications where the repetitive and precise motions and forces needed to polish a piece of consumer equipment or automotive equipment has been an emerging application. Another one would be inspection. We – putting a camera – we talked earlier about vision. Some of the applications we have are inspecting parts on an assembly line using specific camera types to look at features and compare them to CAD model. That's something that's also growing, emerging and we hadn't expected. Another one that's maybe right at the cusp, that's interesting is service – service applications. So we've talked in the past about – for example, in Singapore, there is an application where the cobot is equipped with special end-effectors that gives sports massage of all things. There's another application in Singapore that's been developed around manning a buffet station to make omelettes and eggs, as another example. There's an application in some geographies related to agricultural where the cobot is used in dairy production to disinfect cows that come through for milking. So it's really – the nice thing about the approach and the universal aspect of the product is we've got incredibly creative ecosystem of distributors and customers out there innovating on how to use the product. So we've really taken this approach to create the most applicable, general-purpose universal product we can and encourage and incentivize and reward distributors who find these interesting and unique applications.
Patrick Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Right. That's really helpful. And then maybe as a follow-up question on UR side still. Given your market share leadership to-date and the distribution agreement that you have put into place, the competition appears to not have transpired also as probably fast as you thought. I guess maybe from your perspective, why that is not that happened? Or are these distribution agreements really putting the wall in front for competition not to come in?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: My opinion is that it's more difficult than what others thought and getting the ease of programming and the ability to make the cobots very flexible when task changed that you could repurpose the cobots. I believe copying the gears or hardware can be done. Now that's not always done properly, sometimes it's not as repeatable or as reliable, but generally speaking that can be done. But there's a lot of very clever software programming know-how that greatly accelerates virtually any task that could be done with Universal Robots and that has proven hard. Other thing that we believe will be hard to do and people will eventually forget how to program it properly is going to be the distribution. We are calling on and selling to many accounts that did not use automation (54:28) before. So, if its existing automation company, they don't have a reach into these small or medium-sized companies or these new verticals. So, I think we've created a very good distribution system outside of the traditional automotive players and yes, you also call automotive. And we've got this third-party ecosystem that are developing apps on our platform, so we think we've got a number of advantages that should keep us in front and we still are surprised that there's a lot of companies you see at trade shows but we are surprised that we really don't see them in the field or they don't seem to have gotten much traction.
Patrick Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. That's very helpful. Thank you again.
Operator: Up next we have a question from the line of Richard Eastman of Robert Baird.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: The Semi Test business I think is – generally the second and third quarter revenue is about just under 60% of the full year revenue. 58% might be the right number if you combine second and third quarter revenue. And I'm curious, is that kind of wading your distribution this year? Is that still intact?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: I think what we've said more recently this year is that the revenue in the first half will be a higher percent than in prior years because there was more demand early in the year for a number of reasons. So the fall of in the second half, we think will be sharper than prior years. We didn't make any comparisons with second and third, we made the comparisons with the first and second quarter versus third and fourth quarter.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Well that was, I think, on the total revenue basis you said first half would be high 50 as a percentage of total revenue I believe for TER for the full year? I think that's kind of – but I guess what I may be getting at a little bit is the fourth quarter order number for the Semi Test business obviously very significant, driven by some of the pull forward on the mobility side. But I'm curious how the fourth quarter order number for Semi Test might look, given some of the other growth dynamics here that we've spoken to whether it would be automotive or microcontrollers or image sensors? I mean how do you think or what would be your best expectation for a Semi Test order number for the fourth quarter?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Let me just take that for a minute. What I'm trying to say in the past and it's very true is that a few weeks' worth of changes in order timing by some of our major competitors can swing hundreds of millions dollars of booking across the Q4 and Q1 boundary condition. Even in the October call, that's hard to call, as to its exact timing, but since there is generally speaking a ramp of shipments in Q1 and Q2 of the subsequent year to facilitate for the smartphone launches in the back half of the year, there's a slug of orders that typically come in. But we can see $100 million, $150 million of swing in Semi Test orders that are not meaningful, it simply a few weeks of timing.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Is there a – but I think more in terms of, kind of, book and share. But I mean is there a basic baseline Semi Test order number for Q4. If I looked historically, it might be $185 million or something like that. But what would be like a baseline number or is that also not the...?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: I can give you just some recent history on that if you looked at Q4's core Semi Test. And if you go back to Q4 2014, it was $225 million. And then in Q4 of 2015, it was roughly $405 million, right? And then Q4 of 2016, it was $523 million.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: But I think that all makes the point that someone asked us earlier, do bookings help you or do they confuse things, so we'll revisit.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: I would throw in bucket where I think bookings by segment do help you. I mean, obviously there is a great deal of lumpiness in the Semi Test side. I think we all understand why. But it's a big enough number to swing things. I mean, I would suggest, I think the visibility does help, but that would be my vote. Could I ask you one more question? You talked a minute – you had mentioned the Semi Test business potentially or the system test business, excuse me, eventually, you're looking like maybe $190 million for the year and driven by an uptick in Storage Test for the second half. Do you have some visibility on that because second quarter orders here in the system test business don't maybe provide that visibility to us?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Yes. We do have a little bit of visibility because there was an order that we had in backlog for quite some time, that's part of an R&D program that we're in the midst of with our major customer. And, so, we do have some reasonable indication that, that should convert to revenue before the end of the year and that's what gives us that insight.
Richard Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: I see. Okay. Excellent, thank you.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Okay. And operator, we are out of time. So I am going to say thank you, to everybody for joining in. I know there are still a couple of folks in the queue. I'll call you as soon as this conference call concludes. Thank you so much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc. Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc. Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.
Analysts: Edwin Mok - Needham & Co. LLC Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Atif Malik - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Jagadish K. Iyer - Summit Redstone Partners LLC Stephen Chin - UBS Securities LLC Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC C.J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Co. LLC Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch David Duley - Steelhead Securities LLC Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Good day. My name is Carmen and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Teradyne First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Andy Blanchard. Please go ahead.
Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc.: Thank you, Carmen. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our CEO, Mark Jagiela and our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks we'll provide details of our performance for 2017's first quarter and our outlook for the second quarter. The press release containing our first quarter results was issued last evening. We're providing slides on the Investor page of the website that maybe helpful to you in following the discussion. Replays of this call will be available via the same page after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release as well as our most recent SEC filings. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we'll make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We've posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, where applicable, on the Investor website. Also between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne will be participating in investor conferences hosted by Stifel, BofA, Cowen, R.W. Baird, Pac Crest and Citi. Now, let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, Mark will comment on our recent results and the market conditions as we enter the second quarter. Greg will then offer more details on our quarterly financial results along with our guidance for the second quarter. We'll then answer your questions. And this call is scheduled for one hour. Mark?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Thanks, Andy. And good morning, everyone. Today I'll cover four topics: our first quarter highlights, an update on Universal Robots, our outlook for the full year, and finally, I'll close with a few comments on capital allocation. Greg will then take you through the financial details. As you can see from our financial results, we had a very strong first quarter that puts us on track for another year of growth at Teradyne. Compared with the year-ago quarter, we delivered growth in orders, sales, operating margin, and EPS. Orders in the quarter were up 53% and sales were up 6% when compared to the first quarter of 2016, due mainly to continued strength in Semiconductor Test and growth at Universal Robots. In Semiconductor Test, the strong and broadening customer demand we saw in Q4 continued in the first quarter. While mobility remained the strong buying trend, there was a marked increase in analog, memory, and image sensor test demand. Rising device complexity, combined with a healthy SOC unit growth, continued to provide a positive environment for test. The mobile phone-related segment remains the largest bookings contributor, as our UltraFLEX platform continues to deliver differentiated software and hardware performance to customers who operate under tight costs and time-to-market constraints. Beyond mobility, the automotive end market continued to drive orders, stretching across our entire SOC product line. Demand ranged from microcontrollers and related devices for engine control, adaptive driving and infotainment, to power devices for hybrids and EVs, to safety devices for airbags and braking. This strength, combined with demand from the catalog analog space, contributed to our highest Eagle Test orders in seven quarters. Within Eagle Test, our ETS-88 platform had record orders, as its unique architecture for testing low-cost, high-volume devices continues to attract new applications. The IP750 Image Sensor test platform also had a good quarter, delivering its highest order level in six quarters as a variety of applications for image sensors continues to expand. Increases in both the pixel density and the number of image sensors per phone are key drivers of test demand. Additionally, automobiles are rapidly increasing the quantity of image sensors to aid in safety and navigation. Automotive image sensors tend to require more extensive testing to ensure long-term, reliable operation in broad extremes of temperature and vibration. In memory test, our Magnum family of low-cost, high-throughput testers continued to gain traction in the quarter. Orders were up 75% sequentially as customers add test capacity for high speed Flash devices for both smartphone and SSD demand. As we've noted in past calls, dramatic growth in Flash interface speed is driven in part by 4K video for smartphones and cameras. This is driving a refresh of the installed base of testers. Growing unit volume of Flash devices provides another demand driver. Universal Robots continued its rapid growth with revenue in the first quarter more than doubling from the year-ago period. Demand was strong across all three products, and we continue to see a good mix of developed and emerging market sales. I'll come back to UR with more details in a few moments. At LitePoint order sales and profitability improved significantly from a year ago. Demand was primarily driven by Wi-Fi connectivity testing of gateway and networking devices. 802.11ax is also starting to see some increased buying in the access point space. On the other hand, next generation technology buys for 802.11ad, 802.11ay, and millimeter-wave cellular remain at R&D and preproduction levels. Therefore, we expect Wi-Fi will remain the driver at LitePoint until millimeter wave Wi-Fi and 5G cellular hit the market. In System Test, we had a continuation of Q4's strong order levels in Defense and Aerospace but the business level in Storage Test was disappointing. However, we're making significant investments to extend the Storage Test platform into new markets. These investments will push the System Test Group into the red for the next few quarters but we expect the group to return to profitability in the second half. Turning back to Universal Robots; UR continues to reshape how companies think about industrial automation. After growing 62% in 2016, we're on track to continue the rapid growth again this year. The universal nature of our human scale cobots makes the breadth of applications nearly limitless. We are regularly surprised by the new uses customers have for their cobots. For example, a startup in the manufacturing space demonstrated UR cobots tending their 3D printer farm, freeing up employees to focus on higher value-added activities. In a more traditional example, an Italian power tool maker is using our cobots to eliminate waste and defects in their production line, delivering higher quality products while improving the working conditions of its employees. UR's growth depends on expanding the awareness of our cobots' economical application to a wide variety of manufacturing and service tasks for all sized enterprises. Growth is also dependent on our partners and distribution networks' ability to do the final tweaks necessary to put the cobot to work in a given application. As you recall, last year we accelerated our level of investment in our channel to increase growth above our 50% benchmark. We made investments to expand our footprint around the world, to deliver the value of UR cobots to a broader audience. We also worked closely with our expanding distributor and integrator base to train their sales and their support teams. We are encouraged that those investments are paying off as shown by our 62% growth last year and strong growth in this year's Q1. To accelerate and leverage UR's easy-to-use programming environment, we recently launched UR Academy, a free online training program that provides the basics of cobot programming in six online segments, totaling just 87 minutes. In addition to continuing to expand our distribution capacity, we are increasing investments in our UR+ platform to attract a growing variety of third-parties to our platform, thus creating an unparalleled ecosystem of capabilities to speed the deployment of our cobots. Our R&D programs are focused on maintaining our leadership position as having the best universal collaborative robot product in the world with the broadest third-party ecosystem, fastest time to deployment, and quickest payback for our customers. Greg will take you through the financial details of these investments. Turning to the full year. Based on the past six months of strong SOC orders, we are now projecting the SOC test market to be in the $2.4 billion to $2.6 billion range for 2017, up $150 million at the midpoint from our January estimate. As we described in the past, we also expect to gain a point or so of share from last year's 51% SOC share. In Memory, we expect the market to be at the high end of the $450 million to $550 million range we discussed in the January call. A portion of that incremental growth will be in the DRAM sector of the market where we have lower exposure, so our overall memory market share will likely fall back a few points from its level of over 30% in 2016. However, our overall memory sales should increase. The production of Wireless Test market served by LitePoint will likely remain around $200 million for the year, unchanged from our January estimate. We expect the meaningful adoption of new Wi-Fi standards, such as 802.11ax, to take place in 2018 or later. The collaborative robot market is tougher to estimate given the limited third-party data, but we put the market in the $250 million to $350 million range for the year. From a seasonality perspective, we expect the revenue to be more heavily weighted to the first half of the year than last year. Since 2014, we've seen 51% to 55% of sales in the first half. This year it will likely be in the high 50%s, as customers are driving hard to get capacity in place a bit sooner than in prior years. On the capital allocation front, we'll continue to strike a balance between dividends, share buybacks, and M&A. In our view, we are in the very early stages of a long-term reshaping of global manufacturing, which presents a broad range of opportunities for Teradyne. We continue to look at a range of technologies and businesses that could accelerate UR's growth further, or leverage our unique position in cobots to take advantage of long-term automation and growth opportunities. I'll now turn it over to Greg who will take you through the financial details of the quarter.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Thanks, Mark. And good morning, everyone. I'll provide some brief comments on the strong start to 2017, outline our key annual goals, and then cover the first quarter results and second quarter outlook. As Mark noted, 2017 opened with a bang, with first quarter bookings of $595 million and sales of $457 million. Using the midpoint of our second quarter guidance, our first half non-GAAP EPS is tracking to $1.29, which is above any of our recent prior first half results and positions us nicely against our midterm $2 annual non-GAAP EPS target. The drivers to this very strong start are Semi Test and Universal Robots. In Semi Test, first quarter bookings and sales are up 56% and 4% versus the first quarter of a year ago, and above any of our first quarter starts in recent history. Universal Robots is also off to a strong start, with first quarter bookings and sales up 148% and 117% from the year-ago first quarter. Recall that we invested heavily in our field distribution in 2016 to get further ahead. So we're starting to see some early benefits of these aggressive investments. Please note that we also implemented some regional pricing changes in the quarter which likely accelerated some orders into the first quarter from the second quarter. I'll now describe how we're playing Semi Test chess gain (13:06), aggressively growing Universal Robots, and the trends that we're riding. So first in Semi Test, we select and target the healthier long-term device growth segments and customers who we can differentiate through a combination of providing higher throughput, tighter accuracy specs, and superior software tools. This allows customers to meet their cost of test goals, improve yields, and go from tape out to volume production without delay despite the increasing chip complexity. This also allows us to grow share with fewer head-to-head battles. I highlight this careful targeting, as you often need a 30% advantage to convince a customer to switch platforms, so you can't go to market with a me too or marginally better product. This product strategy has driven an evolution in our engineering investments from being majority hardware to majority software. Customers appreciate the performance and time-to-market value of our software programming tools, which ultimately also makes them stickier. On SOC device segment selection, recall that we focus on mobility, automotive, image sensor, analog, and microcontroller tests rather than PC chipsets. In our largest SOC segment, mobility, the test market has remained healthy despite smartphone unit growth flattening as chip complexity growth has extended chip test time. Elsewhere in automotive, semiconductor content and test intensity are both growing with advanced driver assistance systems, hybrid vehicles, and telematics all expanding beyond premium models. In analog and microcontroller, devices are now ubiquitous, finding more applications in health monitoring, home automation, factory automation, and environmental applications. Our Semi Test business has also been less volatile with a more efficient supply chain up and down the line. The customer consolidations in the semiconductor industry have not had a significant impact on our business. However, one customer does drive significant demand for our products, both through direct sales and sales to the customer's supply partners. As you've seen, this can create swings in our sales and gross margins. The healthy Semi Test market since 2010, coupled with our careful segment targeting, is how we've averaged a 20% non-GAAP operating profit rate over the last five calendar years at the company level, while gaining over 10 points of ATE share. Turning to Universal Robots, the market leader in cobots with approximately 60% share; UR has expanded the definition of cobots from robots that do not need shielding or fencing to also mean robots that a shop floor operator can easily program and repurpose as production conditions change. Our cobots are the ultimate equalizer for small and medium enterprises, as they too can automate repetitive tasks on par with our larger industrial customers. This ease of use and flexibility is a significant differentiator and is one reason why UR is the clear leader in this greenfield market. UR cobots are also truly universal. We don't customize for specific end markets, rather we work openly with a vast array of developers, third-party accessory providers, and channel partners, who adapt our cobots to a wide variety of human scale tasks. Our sizable market share lead and universal open platform have attracted a large ecosystem. Currently we have over 300 channel partners and over 200 third-party developers. For example, at the Automate Trade Show in Chicago recently, UR robots were used in a booth of 23 other companies to demonstrate automation solutions ranging from bin picking to assembly to polishing and so on. We're building on that momentum to make it easier for customers to shorten the development time, reduce the integration cost, and lower project risk with our UR+ web portal. In addition to traditional manufacturing applications, UR partners have also developed a wide range of emerging service tasks such as assisting in milking cows, providing sports massages, and even assisting in surgery. Unlike our test businesses, Universal Robots has no noteworthy customer concentration. Our top three channel partners in 2016, who each sell to different end users, taken together make up just 9% of our 2016 sales. Moving on to our System Test business. Defense and Aerospace and Production Board Test remain solid contributors with both groups expected to operate at 15% PBIT or better for the second consecutive year in 2017. However, as Mark noted, in Storage Test we are investing to bring a new platform geared towards a new application to market. The impact of this investment will push System Test overall into a loss position for a few quarters before returning to profitability later in the year. Shifting to Wireless Test, let me add some color on how we're thinking about LitePoint. Our Wireless Test business has historically been driven by growing units and an alphabet soup of new standards. In our core connectivity market, the steady stream of new Wi-Fi standards will expand Wireless into more applications, such as virtual and augmented reality, and provide the need for new test capabilities. The current market driver is 802.11ac Wave 2, while the future Wi-Fi drivers are 802.11ax, 802.11ad, and 802.11ay. These standards all get more data to more users and the latter two provide extremely high bandwidth. In cellular 5G, it will come in two forms, sub-6 gigahertz and several millimeter wave frequencies. We expect the latter will require a large tooling cycle. The timing of new technologies will create peaks and valleys in customer buying as they tool their production lines. The market is currently in a valley and we've altered our model to weather the current conditions. We're pleased that LitePoint was in the black again this quarter and investing in new technologies for growth. Shifting to our key 2017 goals. First is to stay in our $2 EPS path by 2020 or earlier. Remember, this path may not be linear due to variability in product demand and market size in any given reporting period. Second is to continue with our balanced capital allocation strategy of healthy capital returns through buybacks and dividends and highly selective M&A. Recall we plan to buy back at least $200 million of our stock this year and return approximately $56 million in dividends. We'll remain opportunistic in M&A with the focus on industrial automation. Moving to the operating businesses. We plan to grow our market share carefully again this year in Semi Test while maintaining strong gross and operating margins. At UR, we target annual top line growth of 50% or more while moving the operating profit rate up a few points from about 10% to closer to 15%. In System Test, the goal is to operate at model 15% profits in our mature Defense and Aerospace and Production Board Test businesses and execute the plan for new applications for our Storage Test platform. At LitePoint the goal is to breakeven or better while getting securely positioned for the next Wi-Fi buying wave. Shifting to the company level. We paid $14 million in dividends and used $38 million to buy back 1.3 million shares at an average price of $29.38 in the first quarter. This leaves us with $462 million remaining under our current $500 million stock repurchase authorization. Our U.S. cash and marketable securities totaled $778 million, down $67 million due to seasonal payments and of course our share buybacks and dividend payments. Our total cash and marketable security balances of $1.48 billion was down $131 million due to the aforementioned seasonal payments and capital return, along with a buildup in inventory to support increased shipments in the second quarter. We also saw an increase in receivables due to the delivery profile of the first quarter shipments. Moving now to the details of the first quarter. Our sales were $457 million, the non-GAAP operating profit rate was 23%, and non-GAAP EPS was $0.44. We saw 2017 $0.13 above the first quarter non-GAAP start of a year-ago, due to a favorable product mix in Semi Test and year-on-year growth in Universal Robots. We have one 10% customer in the quarter. Gross margins were 58%, reflecting that same favorable product mix. You'll see our non-GAAP operating expenses were $161 million, up $13 million from the fourth quarter, primarily due to higher variable compensation accruals, an increased profit level and an expansion of UR's distribution programs. Comparing our first quarter OpEx of $161 million versus the year-ago period, it's up by $8 million for similar reasons, partially offset by lower Wireless Test spending. Moving to the segment level detail. Semi Test bookings were $476 million, down 9% sequentially from record fourth quarter bookings of $524 million, with demand principally driven by mobility. SOC test orders were $436 million and memory test orders were $40 million. Semi Test service orders were $81 million of the total. Semi Test sales were $356 million in the first quarter, with SOC making up $332 million and memory test the balance. Semi Test service revenue totaled $64 million in the quarter. Regionally, UR's first quarter sales broke down to 42% in Europe, 29% in North America, 24% in Asia, and 5% rest of the world. Moving to System Test. Orders were $46 million in the quarter and sales were $40 million. Shifting to Wireless Test, we booked $27 million and net sales of $25 million in the first quarter. At UR, orders in the first quarter were $45 million and sales were $36 million, both quarterly records. Turning to guidance for the second quarter, sales are expected to be between $660 million and $700 million, and the non-GAAP EPS range is $0.81 to $0.90 on 201 million diluted shares. Q2 guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles and the noncash convertible debt interest. The second quarter gross margin should run at 55%, down from the first quarter due to product mix, and total OpEx should run from 25% to 26%. The operating profit rate at the midpoint of our second quarter guidance is about 30%. I should add that we plan to continue building UR's distribution capabilities to capture even more of the growth available in the cobot market, which should add a few million to our quarterly OpEx run rate, with quarterly UR OpEx increasing to about $18 million in 2017. Elsewhere, as noted, we are increasing investment in our Storage Test Group to bring a new platform and a new application to market. Nonetheless, in our test businesses we expect full-year OpEx spending to be essentially flat year-over-year, apart from normal changes in variable compensation tied to profitability levels. Shifting quickly to taxes. Our full year tax rate is expected to be about 16%, up one point from our January estimate. We started 2017 above the prior three sequentially strong years, driven by SOC test strength and Universal Robot. Our test businesses in aggregate have consistently generated solid profitability and free cash flow since 2010. And we now have the market leader in cobots, Universal Robots racing ahead in a market that has many years of high growth ahead. We see 2017 as another sequentially strong year, keeping on our midterm $2 non-GAAP EPS target on track. This consistent strong performance provides the confidence to continue buying our shares back and of course was a driver of divided increase announced earlier this year. With that, I'll turn the call back to Andy.
Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc.: Thanks, Greg. And, Carmen, we'd now like to take some questions. And as a reminder, please limit yourself to one question and a follow up.
Operator: Okay. And at this time your first question comes from the line of Edwin Mok with Needham & Company. Sir, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Congrats to a great quarter. So first question just on the AT space. You mentioned that Eagle had the strongest quarter after seven months – last seven quarters. Just curious if that is – just the market generally seeing (25:19) in the market or are you guys seeing any specific share gain around that? And if there is an ease of share gain, then any kind of example where you guys are gaining share?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah. Most of that is strength in the market than share. The analog market, especially related to automotive, has been strong for several quarters now. But in addition to automotive, more catalog analog buying really picked up in the first quarter. The only place where there's some share gain is a little bit in China but overall it's the market.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Co. LLC: I see. Okay that's helpful. And then, on UR, you mentioned that this year it's going to be little bit more front end loaded and some of that is due to regional pricing. Can you give us a little more color around that, and is there a way to kind of think about seasonality for that business? Is that just a one-time event that we are seeing this year or is that seasonality changing? Because I remember if I go back historically, you guys tend to be more back end loaded. Maybe I'm wrong on that. But give me some color on that.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Right. Yes. UR tends to be more back end loaded. What my comments were trying to indicate is in the first quarter, there was some regional pricing changes made principally to, I'll say, discounts, there were some other changes made as well, but basically incentivizing the channel partners to get a higher level, much higher level of growth to earn higher discounts versus they might get them on the early orders in the year. So with that change in the program, there probably were some number of orders that came in a bit earlier under the old program versus the new program. Having said all that, we do believe Universal Robots has very strong growth hereafter and whatever early buying there may have been in the first quarter that will all be worked out early in the second quarter, so it should not affect third and fourth quarter.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Maybe just to (27:23) so how do you kind of think about seasonality first half versus in the second half, is it still 50, 150 (27:29)?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah. The reference to first, second half was for the total company. In the case of Universal Robots, we would expect, as in prior years that the second half will be stronger than the first. It's Semiconductor Test that tends to swing the total company toward the first half weighting.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks for clarifying that. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from Mehdi Hosseini with SIG.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: It's actually Mehdi Hosseini from SIG. Great report. Two follow ups. Mark, going back to the SOC market, it seems like the even and odd year trend from the past several years is no longer playing out. And in that context, would you be able to provide any color as to how we should think about the SOC market beyond 2017? And I have a follow up.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Okay. Good. Yes, I think the pattern of even, odd year swings in the SOC test market are diminishing or behind us. But remember, the thing that drove that pattern wasn't some astronomical event, it was in any given year how much incremental complexity in the silicon that went into phones was added, and how much unit volume growth. So what we've seen in the past few years, and in particular this year, which might have traditionally been somewhat soft based on that old pattern, is that the complexity increase year-on-year is now accelerating. So you don't find – we haven't seen, for example, the same odd year pause in complexity growth. So that trend – and it's driven by things like new features, 4K video, VR, and competitive pressures, that kind of trend we expect will continue, but it's really complexity growth that's been the key.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Got it. And then on the UR, and I really appreciate the disclosure and especially with Europe accounting for 42% of the mix, would your M&A activity be focused on including the revenue mix in U.S. and Asia, or would that focus more on complementary or segments that are adjacent to where UR is focused on?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah. I wouldn't disclose too much there, although both of those are certainly within the scope of what we are looking at. I don't think the geographic weighting of revenue in any given quarter or point in time is the main strategic issue that we're trying to address, although that's something that if there's an opportunity to accelerate that we'd take advantage of it. I think we're really more looking to improve the differentiating capabilities of the product and, in that regard, accelerate and all geographies grow.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Let me rephrase my question. Is your – the UR revenue mix, is that a reflection of the system integrators that buy your system or your resellers?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Mehdi, I think it's a reflection of Europe and U.S. have had higher cost so there's a much easier ROI payback, so you tend to have higher penetration there. Europe we got an early start in. Universal Robots is located in Denmark. North America now is growing at a rapid rate, as is Asia, including China. Longer term, we expect China and Asia to grow quite significantly as there's countless and scores of tasks that can be automated to improve quality as well as lower cost. So, I think the big opportunity long-term is keeping an eye on what goes on in China, while also continuing to grow North America and Europe at a healthy pace because we're so early in the adoption. There are still many companies that are vaguely aware of what's possible or starting to become aware.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Okay. Got it. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Atif Malik with Citi.
Atif Malik - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on the good results and guide. Mark, TSMC talked about proliferation of fan-out packages from smartphones into high performance computing data center applications. I was curious if that is going to be a driver for keeping tailwinds on this growing SOC TAM longer term. And then I have a follow-up.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Certainly the more semiconductors are packaged in these advanced packages, whether it's any one company's technology, I don't think is as important, is a tailwind for the market because the complexity of tests – it goes back to the complexity issue. The complexity of tests is high and therefore the test time and the parallelism. When the test time is high, parallelism tends to be lower, so it is a tailwind.
Atif Malik - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then on Universal Robots, the recent Hannover Automation Fair there was a lot of buzz about your software and ease of setup but there was another topic that came up which was on smart tools that bypass robot control and link directly to programmable logic controllers. Can you talk about your offerings and how these offerings can expand your ASPs and the cobot TAM longer term?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah. In most applications in an integrated production line for our cobots, there is a programmable – PLC is part of the mix. And the question always sort of dovetails around what's the master, slave arrangement there. We support already a very simple, easy-to-use interface with a variety of PLCs out in the market. It is a – one of the things that lowers the barrier to deployment as opposed to an island of automation, let's say, a more sequentially automated factory. So I think much of the capability around that is in place. It will continue to grow in sophistication with each software release over time. But it's already a factor in many installations.
Atif Malik - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Eastman with Robert W. Baird.
Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yes. Good morning. Mark, could you just kind of speak to a couple of things, if you would? On UR, could you speak to the growth rate there relative to the components, meaning more distributors, more channel partners versus do you have any sense of kind of same-store sales, if you will, out of channel partners that have been with you for more than a year?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah, good question. We've been focused on both metrics, let's call it the velocity through the existing distributor network year-over-year how can we grow the per distributor or per integrator sales, as well as incrementally adding new distributors to the mix. So those are metrics we track very carefully. And generally speaking, if you break down, let's say, the 60 some odd percent growth we had last year, that about half of that growth came – a little more than half actually of that growth came from increasing the sales per distributor or same-store sales, in your terms, and the rest came from adding additional distributors.
Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: And then are you seeing growth in – again, I realize the base is smaller at UR but obviously the opportunity much bigger in the Asia-Pac, again, some of this goes to channel partners. I don't know if that same structure exists in Asia-Pac, but are you seeing the growth for UR faster in Asia-Pac just given the base?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah, it depends on the geography. It still uses that same distributor model. The distributor networks in some countries is not as mature as it is in North America and Europe, so part of this is developing that network. And that's part of the reason it's taking a little bit longer, I'd say. But the basic game plan is the same, it's just a less mature market. But if you look at the various geographies, certain geographies in Asia Pacific that aren't heavily industrialized are growing a bit slower, but other areas, certainly China for example, have quite high growth rates, albeit off a relatively lower base.
Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Okay. I understand. And then just one last question, and maybe this is for Mark. But when I look at the orders for Semi Test over the trailing two quarters, so kind of the six months of orders, and I look at maybe your revenue guide for the second quarter and what that must capture on the Semi Test side, it appears as though more of your backlog will extend into Q3 to ship and I'm wondering if that is due to more of the orders being non-mobile in origin, if you follow my question, the conversion rate.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Let me take that one. It's due to – some of these systems that are sizable, there's an acceptance procedure. So systems may ship in the second quarter but we don't take revenue until it's formally accepted. So there can be a delay in that respect. So we may have some sales that are sizable that are early in the subsequent quarter, they just don't make it into the second quarter.
Richard C. Eastman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Into the second quarter, I see. Okay. Thank you.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: And your next question comes from Jagadish Iyer with Summit Redstone.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Summit Redstone Partners LLC: Yeah. Thanks for taking my question. Two questions. First, how should we think about U.S. profitability across different geographies? And what is your roadmap for improving U.S. profitability? And when do you think that you will hit that EBIT margin targets? Then I have a follow-up.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: We don't spend a lot of time on UR's profitability across geographies. We tend to look at it on gross margin and as well as growth rates and what we need to grow faster in each region, what the impediment is. But at a higher level, let me try this, summarize it that, last year we operated at about 10% operating profit rate because we put a lot of distribution in place, anticipating there will be competitors in this space. Well we don't see them today. We expect to at some point and we want to have very strong distribution in the places that will be hard for them to replicate. And, again, many of the competitors may be eventually call on automotive for us but we call on many other regions and applications where our channel partners outside of automotive that gives us I believe a big leg up. So we said this year we expect to get closer to 15%. So where do we end up? At 13%, some number like that. That all depends upon the sales and how much we meter out in investing. Long-term, I'd expect by 2020 to get to a 20% operating profit rate at Universal Robots.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Summit Redstone Partners LLC: Okay. Great. Then I just had a quick question. Given how strong your first half revenue numbers are, how should we think about second half on a year-over-year basis?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Is the question UR or the total company?
Jagadish K. Iyer - Summit Redstone Partners LLC: No, for the total company.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Total company. Yeah. What I mentioned in my comments is that typically we see first half in the sort of 53% to 55% of the annual revenue. This year I think it'll be more swung toward the high 50s in the first half versus the back half simply because a lot of the installations in the mobility space are a little bit more accelerated this year than in the prior years.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: And I would just add to that. I think in Mark's comments he described that the SOC test market is tracking a little bit higher than what we thought a quarter ago. So we're seeing some positive signs in our major market.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Summit Redstone Partners LLC: Okay. That's good. Congrats then. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Stephen Chin with UBS.
Stephen Chin - UBS Securities LLC: Mark and Greg, congrats on the results and guidance too. I just had a follow-up question on that linearity question in the high 50s. So is this what you expect, Mark, to be kind of the new normal? Or is it just a one-off year because of the higher demand this year early on from automobiles, sensors and analog?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yes, it's hard to say that this is the new normal. I don't think there's anything that happened this year that suggests that's the case. I would just point out, as I have in the past around the booking volatility, that just a few weeks of shift in ships or orders can make these kinds of swings. So there's nothing significant, I think, to be read into the pattern.
Stephen Chin - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks for clarifying. And then follow-up question on the UR business. Is this a business where you think you can generate even higher order growth if you wanted to, but perhaps you're choosing not to right now as you want to make sure the experience is very positive for customers? Thanks.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Well, we're certainly trying to balance all elements and we're most focused on growing faster now and getting further ahead in terms of our channel partners, their velocity, their training, their strength, repeatable solutions, this Universal Robots Plus Portal (42:26). So we want a whole bunch of ammunition so that when we see competitors in the future, we're far ahead beyond ease-of-use and reprogramming. So we are investing aggressively to get further ahead and we will continue to do so.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: And I would just add a little color to that around – to install a cobot into a customer's production line takes a system integrator some handful of weeks worth of work for the final amount of customization. So having that bandwidth globally growing at, say, a 50% to 100% rate is a key enabler for faster growth. That's something we started investing in last year. We'll continue to invest in this year. But tying that back to an earlier comment, that to the extent we can increase the velocity or the amount of cobot installations that can be done per technical engineer in the field, that also has a multiplying effect on our growth. And so in that vein the R&D investments that were put in place, both last year and this year and going forward, focus a lot on reducing that handful of weeks further to allow for this sort of higher velocity. So we're pushing at it both in R&D and in distribution to try to incrementally raise that growth rate.
Stephen Chin - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Your next question comes from Farhan Ahmad with Credit Suisse.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: First question is regarding the growth It seems like the SOC test market overall is up quite a bit. Can you help me understand like how much of the growth is coming from the mobile side of things and how much is coming from the autos and industrials and other application? And just a clarification on the market as well, do you think any part of this growth is sustainable next year?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Well first of all, mobility, I think, year over year – if you look at mobility this year compared to last year it's not that different. It's pretty close. So, the growth that we're seeing is in the other parts of the market in 2017. It's automotive, it's image sensor, it's analog. It's those kinds of things. And it's very difficult to look forward into 2018 to say what might happen there. It's all going to be predicated on – in the mobility space, the degree of complexity increase and the device is going into handsets next year. I do think that the analog and automotive space historically have had some volatility to them. We've just come through a pretty strong tooling cycle over the past few quarters, so I would expect that automotive will settle back down a little bit, but that image sensors on the other hand I think have much more upside. So, getting beyond 2017 is a fool's errand to try to predict, but those are the sort of macro trends I see happening.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thank you. That's very helpful. And just on the second question, on the competitive side. Recently there was an announcement that one of your – one of the smaller players in the test market Xcerra, there is a bid from China to acquire them. How do you see that changing the competitive landscape in the long-term and do you think it could have a meaningful impact on your business?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: We don't think that would have a meaningful impact what so ever. We would suspect that Chinese semiconductor companies need to get the best test solutions so they're competitive globally. So therefore, we don't think it has any meaningful impact to us.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thank you. That's all I have.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of C.J. Muse with Evercore.
C.J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC: Yeah. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I guess first question on the SOC side. I wanted to try and dig a little bit deeper into the growth trajectory year. You've talked about reduced benefit of parallelism, the buy rate bottoming. And clearly, I think, given what you're seeing on the SOC side, a nice pick up there. But, as we think about shrinks down to the 10-nanometer, 7-nanometer nodes where you're getting 30%, 40% (47:09) shrink and if you put some sort of unit growth on that, is there enough changes to complexity and how should we think about those changes, and what should we be watching to see solid unit growth and for you to get away from that historical kind of tick-tock spending cycle on the mobility side?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah. I don't – C.J., I don't think it's driven as much by the node changes. I'll go back to that in a minute. There's some minor effect there. It's really the complexity increase. And the correlation is that, obviously, 7 nanometers versus 10 nanometers allows for a lot more transistors to be put on the device at the same cost. And the trend line is, especially related to video processing, high-resolution 4K video processed in real time is something that needs a lot of GPU intensity. And so, my guess is that that trend line is going to persist for a while in terms of complexity growth, which is the key driver in test time for the devices. Unit growth is probably pretty stable, as far as I can tell, but complexity growth is the key thing to watch. And the other thing around the 7-nanometer node, more and more these shrinking lithographies create new types of defects that raise – incrementally raise the test intensity. So we do see a little bit of incremental growth just because of the complexity or the nature of the failure mechanisms. But it also creates the need for more fan-out type advanced packaging because the size of the devices is getting to be so small that they become impractical to mount on a conventional circuit or substrate. It needs some sort of advanced substrate to adapt it to the factors in a consumer product. So that's another sort of related bank shot effect of 7-nanometer and lower.
C.J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC: That's very helpful. I guess as my follow-up, if I look at what you did for UR in Q1, you got a backlog of $1.3 million. And if I just flat line that, that's 44% growth. So, clearly, it looks like you're going to easily beat that 50%-plus, so wondering if there's sort of a framework we should be thinking about for growth just here in calendar 2017 for that part of your business.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: There's no other number, C.J., other than 50% or greater and we've invested heavily last year to raise the growth rate. So time needs to unfold to see where we end up relative to, let's say, the 62% that we've invested to try to beat that, but we want to stay on the 50% or greater and not raise it too high in terms of – with investors. But we're putting a lot of energy and focus into growing it as fast as possible.
C.J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Okay. Your next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with Cowen and Company.
Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you. Finally got in the queue. Thank you. First question I guess is for you, Greg. So you did the big convert last year, and you announced that you're going to buy $200 million back this year. But even in the first quarter, you're running below that sort of $50 million per quarter run rate for the repo, and you still have like $500 million give or take worth of excess U.S. cash. So given how much you're going to generate throughout the rest of this year, I guess I'm wondering why that is, why you have so much excess cash. Are you sort of waiting for an asset that you want to buy? And you're sort of waiting that out on price? And also why the repo is running below the run rate? Thanks.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Sure, Tim. On the latter, we got the board approval for this in late January, so therefore we didn't have a full quarter to work with. So we took the $200 million and divided it over the remaining days, so therefore the whole month of January was not in the calculation. So it's just when we started it and how we allocated it. We chose not to put a quarter in a short time period in the first quarter. We just spread it out evenly. So we constantly look for new opportunities on the M&A front, but we're patient. And there isn't a long list of attractive targets. There tend to be one or two that we're looking at, and we have to be careful because we don't want to disrupt Universal Robots. That's the last thing we want to do given their growth rate. So it would likely be something that could operate side by side, independently but still have leverage, and that just makes it harder to find something. So we continue to look, but we're patient in that endeavor.
Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks. Okay. And then can you also break out the backlog, the $868 million? Can you break that up by product?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Do you want to, Andy, do that offline?
Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah. Let me pull that data for you, Tim, because I don't have it in front of me right now, but I'll get back to you right after the call.
Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Right on. All right. Guys. Thank you.
Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I just wanted to find out, on the Universal Robots side, the competition catching up. How do you describe the unique selling proposition and the technology lead you have in terms of number of years versus guys like FANUC, Yaskawa, even guys like Rethink? And then I had a follow-up.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Well, we've been frankly surprised when we go to trade shows that we still have such a substantial lead, and what's been made clear is it's very difficult to break the traditional robotics model and make robots designed for a shop-floor operator to program, versus an engineer. That was a very big change that Universal Robots brought to market. It's hard for others to encapsulate all the complexity into wizards or into buttons you can press to simplify the automation. The other – and having the first reliable cobot that was highly repeatable, some of our competitors had different technologies and it wasn't quite repeatable, or it came with two arms, or it came with things that weren't valuable. We had a big lead in terms of being industrial, reliable, highly repeatable, easy to program, right cost point, so we hit all the things that mattered. The competitors we see at trade shows tend to be Universal Robots' copiers, and it's proven harder to copy us. With that said, we're investing a lot to make it an even easier to program our cobot. The idea is the simpler it is to program it, you open up new applications, the more customers or end-users can look at our website and say hey, this can be automated and here's a number to call to get that accessory. You just open up more people looking at automating these repetitive tasks. So there's a lot going on to get further ahead, but we have a very substantial first-product-mover advantage that we're investing aggressively to get further ahead.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got you. Got you. That's very helpful. And then a follow-up on the M&A. Thanks for giving some color on the way you think about it. If you look at the last few years, you guys have done more bolt-on M&A and in the past, whether it's Wireless Test or Eagle Test, it leveraged the core Teradyne infrastructure, and then you kind of deviated from that when you went to Universal Robots. I'm curious like is that the thought process where you do more bolt-on M&A kind of aiding Universal Robots? Or would you consider something more transformational in the artificial intelligence or some other vertical that would be – dramatically changes the scope of the company? Thank you.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah. I think the best way to characterize it would be something that helps accelerate UR. Now take the example you gave of deep-learning software or artificial intelligence. That's an example of something that could be applicable both to the UR product line and also be a stand-alone product in other dimensions, even of itself. So something like that is within the realm of possibility, but in any of these cases it would likely be a tangent to UR, or a benefit to UR, as well as its own potential stand-alone revenue possibility.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got you. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Duley with Steelhead Securities.
David Duley - Steelhead Securities LLC: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. You increased your size of the SOC market by I think $150 million from the beginning of the year. Could you help us understand? And you cited an assortment of segments, which segments contribute the most to that increase for the year?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Sure. So first of all, for the Semi Test market, both memory and SOC we've increased. So I don't want to lose sight of the memory piece. But on the SOC side, one of the things growing this year compared to last year is image sensor testing, power linear is another example. Microcontrollers is another example. And our service business will also grow. And power management. So when you look at it in total, those are the growth pieces. As I've said before, mobile processing is kind of flat year-over-year, which is a good thing because traditionally historical patterns might have suggested that this year was going to be down. But that being flat and those other segments being up is what's driving SOC. In memory – the memory side is both NAND Flash and DRAM growth and so that market after last year coming in in the sort of mid fours could easily be up around $550 million. So there's another $100 million of growth there.
David Duley - Steelhead Securities LLC: So just to clarify, the $150 million of incremental market in SOC versus the beginning of the year – so the variance was not in the mobile market it was in these other markets?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Correct. Correct.
David Duley - Steelhead Securities LLC: Okay. Now, as a follow on to that, could you help me understand what the seasonality of your SOC test business is outside of the mobility space in the second half of this calendar year? And what I'm getting at is you've seen the shift to your seasonality of your SOC test business and I think it's mainly driven by mobility. But I get the sense maybe that some of these other sectors are starting to show the same pattern so I'm just kind of wondering what – if you could help us understand that.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah. There's really no seasonal pattern outside of mobility that I would cite as some trend to watch. Take the Eagle platform as an example, which serves automotive and power linear. That product has gone on a surge two quarters ago and is still continue but it had been at a much lower level for about seven quarters before that, six or seven before that. It's not even on an annual basis there. It tends to revolve around, in the automotive space, new model year cars, what extent their taking a step up in silicone content and complexity. And so what we see driving this round of tooling is that for model years starting in 2018 and 2019, that outside of the premium brands, a lot of the other brands are going to have a significant step up in electronic content.
David Duley - Steelhead Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc.: And, operator, we have time for just one more question, if we can sneak it in.
Operator: Your final question will come from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes. Great. Thanks for squeezing me in and congrats on the strong results. I had a question on OpEx in UR. I think you increased OpEx in 2016 in the business by about $30 million. Given the current run rate, I think you're on your way to grow OpEx in the business again this year by about $30 million. How should we think about the rate of change in 2018 and beyond? Then I have a follow up.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Okay. OpEx in 2015 – we ended the year in 2015 with about $7 million a quarter. When we closed last year, it was about $12 million a quarter in the fourth quarter. And as we get to second quarter this year or – it's probably about $18 million a quarter, so yes, we've increased UR OpEx along with the sales, given we've got more distributors and many more programs to improve the velocity. So, I would expect Universal Robots $18 million per quarter this year to increase probably another $6 million next year. And then there will come a point, I don't have the exact time period, where it will move at a slower rate and we'll be able to drop more of the sales growth through to the operating profit line.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And then on your long-term EPS target of $2 or higher, you're sticking to that number despite the strength you're seeing across both Semi Test and UR, what would you need to see in those businesses for that number to move to $2.50 or $3 down the line? Thank you.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: We tend to look at that model once a year in the October call and/or the January call. So we tend to leave it alone during this period. We understand that we're doing quite well against it, which most plans you set you need to have a more aggressive plan than what you tell investors. So that shouldn't be a surprise to you. So I think at the end of the year, we'll revisit do we stick with that plan or do we modify it in some fashion.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you so much.
Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc.: Great. Thanks everyone for joining us. And for those still in the queue, I'll get back to you when this call concludes. I look forward to talking with you down the road.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Thank you.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you again for joining today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew Blanchard - VP, IR Mark Jagiela - President and CEO Gregory Beecher - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs Mehdi Hosseini - SIG Tom Diffely - DA Davidson Edwin Mok - Needham Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Company C.J. Muse - Evercore Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Patrick Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus Neal Burk - UBS David Dooley - Steelhead
Operator: Good morning. My name is Ginger, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Teradyne Quarter Four 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Andy Blanchard, you may begin your conference.
Andrew Blanchard: Thank you, Ginger. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our CEO, Mark Jagiela; and our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for the fourth quarter and full year 2016 and our outlook for the first quarter of this year. The press release containing our fourth quarter and full year results was issued last evening. We're providing slides on the Investor page of the Web site that may be helpful to you in following the discussion. Replays of this call will be available via the same page after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release as well as our most recent SEC filings. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we'll make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We've posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, where available, on the Investor page of our Web site. Also between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne will be participating in investor conferences hosted by Goldman Sachs and Susquehanna. Now, let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, Mark will comment on our recent results and the market conditions as we enter the first quarter. Greg will then offer more details on our quarterly financial results along with our guidance for the first quarter. We'll then answer your questions, and this call is scheduled for one hour. Mark?
Mark Jagiela: Thanks Andy. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. I will be providing the summary of our Q4 and 2016 results and describe the trends we see driving our markets in 2017 and beyond. Greg will then provide additional details on our financial results followed by our outlook for the first quarter of 2017. 2016 was a very good year for Teradyne. We finished the year with our strongest Q4 sales in over 15 years and set a new record for Q4 orders. Our $380 million of sales in Q4 puts our full year sales at $1.75 billion, our third consecutive year with sales over $1.6 billion. The earnings power of our business model was evident as we delivered a non-GAAP EPS of $1.51 up 19% over 2015. We generated $360 million in free cash flow and returned a $195 million to shareholders in buybacks and dividends. We ended the year with $1.6 billion in cash and $460 million in long-term debt. Our fourth quarter order surge follows the similar pattern to 2015's Q4. Once again, customers booked major tooling orders for mobile products early to ensure a smooth manageable ramp over the spring and summer. Additionally, strengthen microcontroller, image sensor and analog tests demand contributed to stronger bookings when compared to Q4 of 2015. Overall, we estimate that the SOC test market in 2016 was about $2.4 billion up 16% from the $2.1 billion in 2015 driven primarily by a strong mobility spending. This mobility demand falls into the complex SOC portion of the market served by our UltraFlex platform which set a new annual shipment record. Although our microcontroller and image sensor shipments were down for the full year, bookings for both were up strongly in Q4 a positive sign for 2017. For 2016, our SOC sales totaled about $1.2 billion up 15% from 2015. I will step back to put these results in context when I talk about the industry trend shortly. Turning to memory test, we pegged the 2016 market at about $425 million down from about $500 million in the prior year. However, our concentration is in flash package test, which remain strong in 2016 resulting in memory test sales of $147 million up 5% from 2015. Of particular note is the success of our Magnum tester in the growing high-speed interface flash market. The use of UFS and similar high-speed interfaces will continue to expand as devices demand more bandwidth from their growing onboard flash storage. The Magnum is well-positioned to ride the flash wave after successful deployments in five of the six major suppliers in 2016. Combining SOC and memory, the total Semi Test market was about $2.8 billion up 11% from $2.5 billion and we estimate our share grew a point to 48%. Turning now to 2017, we expect the SOC market size to be in the range of $2.2 billion to $2.5 billion, down about $50 million from 2016 at the midpoint. Significantly this midpoint is up 13% from the last off cycle odd year of 2015 and up 25% from 2013. The reduced impact of parallel test on the Semi Test market is set to continue in 2017 as we remain above our trend line forecast of 1% annual SOC market growth. For 2017, we expect mobility which includes all the devices you'll find in a smartphone to remain the biggest end market driver but our Q4 bookings also show an improving outlook for automotive end markets. In memory test we expect the market to be in the $450 million to $550 million range with most of the growth coming from improved DRAM test demands. Universal Robots continues to shine. Q4 sales were $34 million up over 50% from the year-ago quarter. For the year, sales were up over 60% to $99 million on a calendar year basis. In 2016, we expanded our customer facing sales and support staff, reinforced the management team, grew the distribution channel and launched a range of initiatives to extend our ease of use advantage and build industry awareness of the power of URs collaborative robots. For UR, Q1 is typically sequentially down from a strong fourth quarter and we expect the same this quarter. However, for the year we continue to see growth of 50% or greater in this exciting segment. System test 2016 sales were $190 million, down $22 million from 2015 on lower spending and storage test. The defense and aerospace and production test units both saw single-digit growth for the year and we expect similar results in 2017. Overall due to the lumpy nature of storage test, we expect the entire STG group's 2017 sales to be similar to 2016 plus or minus 10%. LitePoint sales for 2016 were $96 million down nearly 50% in a market that was down by a similar percent. As we noted in our last call, we resized our cost to align with lower market size and operated profitably in the second half of 2016. Our R&D efforts are going full steam ahead as we position ourselves for the new wireless standards expected in 2018 and beyond. For 2017, we expect the market to be similar in size to last year, about $200 million. So, overall 2017 is shaping up to be another strong year for Semi Test and UR while System Test and LitePoint should be about flat year-over-year. Stepping back, the macro trends that drove the business last year, and which we expect will drive it going forward, are very familiar. Increasing electronics complexity and increases in human scale automation. Roaming electronics complexity helps across all segments of our test businesses, but most dramatically in semiconductor test. Here complexity has been increasing from the moment the first transistor was created nearly 70 years ago. What's different now, compared to the 10 years prior to 2014, is that complexity, which drives increasing test time and correlates with tester throughput is now growing faster than the productivity gains of the test equipment. The industry is now routinely shipping in high volume devices with more than 2 billion transistors often with multiple processing cores and a [despaired] [ph] collection of IP blocks. This complexity is amplified as devices are fabbed with advance process nodes using finer pitches and using advanced packaging technologies. The consumer performance in cost benefits that come from these technologies require small offsetting test intensity increases to optimize the overall balance of cost and quality. As we've discussed before, tester productivity advances through the use of increased parallel test offset much of this complexity trend up until about 2013. At that point the diminishing economic benefit of the next doubling of parallelism combined with the non-linear time and cost escalation of producing reliable fine pitch tester interface boards and probe cards changed the equation. Increasingly the lowest overall cost approach and fastest time to ramp comes from spending a little more in test capital to manage this growth. Thus simplifying interface board and probe card design for lower overall cost and better yield. Additionally, test program complexity is reduced, both shortening development time and reducing D bug. This slowdown in parallel test is having a positive impact on the size of the SOC market. We noted this trend several years ago and the market data since continued to support the outlook for modest SOC trend line growth going forward. 2016 was a larger market than 2014 and we expect 2017 will be larger than 2015 and 2013. This growth in device complexity and associated longer test times, especially at the high-end of the market for devices used in premium smartphones, was a major driver of our record Q4 semiconductor test orders. Complexity is also important for our wireless test business at LitePoint. However, last year and in 2017 we're on the other side of the coin as wireless standards have not grown significantly more complex since the introduction of 802.11ac Wi-Fi and 4G cellular. However, we expect that will change with the adoption of new Wi-Fi standards in 2018 and 5G cellular later in the decade. For human scale automation, we're at a point where the fast setup time, safe operation and low cost of UR cobots are enabling their use across an ever broadening set of geographies and sectors of the global economy. The combination of lowering production cost and rising product quality continues to be the key attraction for this new class of animation. For example, we recently highlighted a customer in India who uses UR cobots in the production of artificial lenses for cataract patients in the developing world. Operating at a low cost region, the customer saw a 15% increase in product output after the addition of cobots to their process, making these lenses both more affordable and higher quality. The growth rate of UR cobot shipments is a testament to this expanding wave of adoption and our ambition to grow is even faster. Increasingly customer awareness of UR cobots benefits and capabilities, as well as increasing the channel resources necessary to execute, the customer specific requirements for a given application has been our focus. At the same time, we continue to innovate to further reduce the time to deploy our cobot. With these investments, we see UR continuing to grow at 50% or more for years to come. Finally, let me turn to our capital allocation plans for 2017. As you know, we began a balanced approach in 2014 with the initiation of our quarterly dividend. We further added annual share buybacks while pursuing discipline M&A such as Universal Robots. With much of the cash in our balance sheet being offshore, we issued convertible debt in the fourth quarter to raise additional U.S. cash to continue this balanced approach. In 2017 we plan to buy back a minimum of $200 million of shares and increase our quarterly dividend from $0.06 to $0.07. With that, I'll turn things over to Greg for additional comments and the financial details. Greg.
Gregory Beecher: Thanks, Mark and good morning, everyone. I will start with the highlights of 2016 and then offer comments on 2017 including our capital allocation plans then provide perspective on the strategic position, end market trends at the operating segment level along with fourth quarter results and first quarter outlook. On the financial highlight front, our $1.75 billion of sales in 2016, up 7% from 2015, and $1.51 of non-GAAP EPS are solid steps toward the $2 EPS plan we outlined in recent calls. In 2016, we accomplished our key objectives. We gained share in Semi Tests for the fifth consecutive year with strong memory test performance. We grew Universal Robots top line over 60% from calendar 2015. And we allocated capital end 2016 where we had the highest return through buybacks and dividends, bringing our three-year capital returns to $583 million. This includes buying back 446 million of our shares at an average price of 19.87 and returning $137 million in dividend payments since the start of 2014. We raised $460 million of seven-year convertible debt with 1.25% coupon rate factoring in the call spread overlay. Shareholder dilution will not begin to occur until our stock is above 39.95. As we have descried in prior calls an increasing portion of our annual cash generation is offshore, which in 2016 reached 80% of the $380 million of total cash generated. As you can see from our cash resource slide, we have $1.6 billion of total cash resources with the convertible debt proceeds. Raising our U.S. cash balance allows us to continue our capital return programs rather than slowing down to wait for a potential repatriation holiday. Our offshore cash and marketable securities of $768 million provide additional dry powder for possible foreign acquisitions more to be added to our U.S. balances if a repatriation holiday occurs. We have a new $500 million share repurchase authorization from January 1st and as noted we expect to repurchase a minimum of $200 million worth of stock in 2017 and have increased our quarterly dividend 17% to $0.07 a quarter subject of course to ongoing Board approval. Our strengthening, growth prospects, and tight operating model comfortably support this move. We're also maintaining dry powder in the U.S. for attractive M&A adjacencies principally in industrial automation where the intersection of enabling technologies and higher labor cost provide new automation opportunities. We'll continue to compare the risk adjusted returns from possible M&A against buying back even more of our stock. As I've noted in past calls, we don't need to fill any holes in our portfolio, so we'll remain very selective. Now I'll do a quick rundown of the segment level highlights and trends. Starting the Semi Test. We had another year of 80E market share gains bringing us to an estimated 48% share for 2016. Memory test gains provided the lift this year. As described in the past, about half or more of our share gains come from focusing on the healthier segments that have long-term tailwinds versus trying to cover every possible bet. Targeting the new high speed flash protocols with our Magnum product line and its frequency head room and outstanding economics drove our memory share to over 30%. We also scored some miniflow DRAM wafers to our business with Magnum. Across the Semi Test market the steadily rising complexity trends that we've described are expected to continue driving up test intensity along with the addition of more stringent quality requirements being placed on our customers from the major brands further driving up test demand. As Mark noted, another key point to help explain the overall improvement in our core SOC market is that for complex mobility devices, parallel test efficiencies can no longer mask the underlying complexity increases. Also parallel tests productivity naturally diminishes as the biggest productivity gain arises from going from one to two devices rather than, say, four to eight as in the latter the system base cost has already been cut in half twice. [indiscernible] apparel test path so the impacts of this compressive force on the test market should continue to decline. The net of all this is, we tried to capture in our slide deck is the SOC test market has shifted to a more favorable trend line trajectory with a more current even or odd years such as 2016 and 2015 exceeding the predecessor even or odd years of 2014 and 2013, more than 1% annual growth rate that we've used for modeling purposes. As you can see from the SOC range, Mark noted, we expect 2017 to be a larger market than 2015. Also noteworthy as of the prior multiyear cycles have been replaced with annual or seasonal cycles driven by the love of new smartphone functionality and holiday electronics buying. Now shifting to Universal Robots. We grew calendar year sales 62% from $61 million in 2015, to $99 million in 2016. We along with third party forecasters expect the cobot market to grow from about $100 million in 2015 to $1 billion or more by 2020. The ROI payback with our easy to deploy cobots is often about six months and sometimes even faster. UR cobots are designed for easy deployment, high repeatability and safety, with the target user being the shop floor operator on the manufacturing line. This ease of use enables UR cobots to literally be moved from one task in the morning to another in the afternoon. This along with the lower initial cost to implement makes UR cobots a compelling automation solution. As Mark noted, the constraint to even faster cobot growth apart from general awareness has been the need for more sales and trained field resources to follow up on the diverse opportunities across the many verticals and geographies. While we still have work to do, we've made good progress investing in our sales and distribution channel to lessen that constraint and increase the velocity of business through each channel partner. Shifting to system tests, we operate at model profitability in 2016. Military and Avionics testing is the bright spot with smart weapons system rising, greater upgrades, while in production board tests we're getting a string of design wins at automotive suppliers with our high throughput tester designed for high panel count applications. In Storage Test, the business was down about 40% from 2015 levels as customers digested the large capacity additions put in place in the prior year. Turning to wireless test at LitePoint, we repositioned the business back in the black for the second half of the year. We expect between $90 million and $100 million of sales in 2017, about flat with 2016, and thereafter expect the next Wi-Fi retooling waves to offer some market lift in 2018. Longer term, 5G cellular is expected to drive a large retooling. Now to the more granular fourth quarter numbers. Semi Test orders were $524 million, a record for the fourth quarter driven by mobility and automotive test demand. SOC test orders were $501 million and memory test orders were $23 million. Semi Test service orders were $73 million of the total. Semi Test sales were $271 million in the fourth quarter with SOC making up $214 million and memory test at balance at $57 million. Semi Test service revenue totaled $59 million. Universal Robots had orders and sales of $34 million. Geographically fourth quarter UR sales were 44% in Europe, 27% in North America, 22% in Asia and 7% in the rest of the world. Our largest channel partner was only 3% of our total 2016 sales so again, we have very wide diversity. System test orders were $47 million in the quarter and sales were $50 million. Wireless test orders were $23 million and sales $26 million in the fourth quarter. At the company level our fourth quarter sales were $380 million. Non-GAAP operating [profit] [ph] was 19% and non-GAAP EPS was $0.32. We had no 10% customer in the fourth quarter and two for the full year. Non-GAAP gross margins were 57% in the quarter with favorable product mix. You'll see our non-GAAP operating expenses were down $2 million to $148 million compared to the third quarter due to lower spending in Semi Tests. Non-GAAP gross margins were 55% in 2016 and improvement at a level seen in the last two even years when mobility buying was also especially strong. Non-GAAP operating expenses were up $20 million versus 2015 driven principally by distribution investments in Universal Robots along with an inclusion for a full year in 2016 versus only a partial year in 2015. In our test businesses, our total 2016 OpEx spending was under 2015 principally with reductions in wireless tests. Cash and marketable securities totaled $1.6 billion or $8 per share and 52% is onshore reflecting the proceeds of the December convert and 48% is offshore. We bought back $61 million of stock in the fourth quarter at an average price of $24.30 a share. Our convertible debt is recorded on the balance sheet at $353 million which is net of interest and operating fees. At its base about $460 million, our debt is about one times our 2016 [indiscernible] EBITDA. As planned our inventory increased $21 million in the fourth quarter as we added materials to maintain attractive lead times. Most of the Semi Test product orders in Q4 will ship in the first half of 2017. They're weighted towards the second quarter. Shipments or acceptances can be concentrated late in a quarter or early in the next quarter and swing our quarterly reported results but have no impact on our internal operations. Our sales for the first quarter are expected to be between $420 million and $450 million our highest Q1 guidance range in over 15 years. Non-GAAP EPS range is $0.33 to $0.40 and 202 million diluted shares. The first quarter guidance excludes the information of acquired intangibles and a non-cash imputed interest on the convertible debt. First quarter gross margins are estimated 57% about flat with the fourth quarter due to favorable product mix. For the full year we'd expect gross margins to operate at about 55%, right in the middle of our historical range of 54% to 56%. The first quarter OpEx running at 36% to 39%, first quarter sales is up about $15 million from the fourth quarter due to further investments at Universal Robots, higher variable compensation accruals on higher anticipated profits, and Semi Test engineering NREs concentrated in the first half of the year. Overall, OpEx in our test businesses in 2017 should remain about flat with 2016 levels while we'll continue to make incremental investments in Universal Robots to further strengthen our distribution and ecosystem lead. We also expect inventory to step up significantly in the first quarter to support the second quarter shipments. The non-GAAP operating profit rate at the midpoint of our first quarter guidance is about 20%. Our 2017 tax rate is expected to be about 15%, down from prior guidance due to a higher mix of offshore profits and the favorable impacts from the convertible debt and call spread overlay. Our non-GAAP interest expense excluding the non-cash imputed interest from the convert is expected to be de minimis as the 1.25% annual coupon from the [indiscernible] should be offset by interest income on our cash balances. In 2017, we've earmarked $80 million to $200 million for CapEx up slightly at the midpoint from 2016 of $85 million. We start 2017 with strong momentum driven by SOC tests and Universal Robots and with device complexity and quality standards increasing, we see a healthy long-term demand picture for Semi Test even before considering ongoing and targeted share gains. Adding Universal Robots 50% plus annual growth, healthy performance in system test, a leaner and more focused wireless test group, we see a very bright future. With that I'll turn the call back to Andy.
Andrew Blanchard: Thanks, Greg. Ginger, we'd now like to a take some questions. And as a reminder, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Your first question comes from Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari: Hi, guys. Thank you for taking my question and congrats on the strong results. My first question is on Semi Test and kind of regarding the full year 2017. When we take the midpoint of your guide for both the SOC test market and the memory test market I think you're forecasting overall Semi Test, your town to be kind of flattish if not up a little bit. Given that you've been consistently gaining share in the Semi Test market, is it reasonable to assume you could actually grow Semi Test revenue in 2017 which is something we haven't seen in odd years in the past?
Mark Jagiela: Yes, Toshiya. It's certainly possible. A couple of things have happened since our last call. The market has strengthened a bit which is why we've moved the midpoint of our 2017 guide up a bit. And the market share gains pretty much have been consistent year-over-year for many, many years. And if you go back over 10 years, we've picked up 20 points a test share. So although we talk about a point, any given year can be flat to up 2%. And we think we can continue to average that one point net gain per year. So, I wouldn't be surprised if it was up during the year, year-over-year revenue. The second half of course is still something we don't have a lot of visibility in to. But the visibility we have through the first half is quite strong.
Toshiya Hari: Great. Thank you. And as my follow-up, I had a question on the competitive landscape in industrial automation. Clearly the market is growing and you guys are doing an amazing job growing Universal Robots. But, what are you seeing in terms of competition? What happened to market share in 2016 relative to 2015? And what are your thoughts on pricing and margins as we head in to 2017? Thank you.
Mark Jagiela: Well, competition we expect as this market develops will continue to grow. I think the good news is that the market terrain is so vast and wide, competition is a little different here than most industrial businesses. The head to head competition is less evident and it's more the competition of mind share and ROI awareness and integrator capability to deliver that to the customer or the bottleneck, it's not competition. But, on the competitive front, we've seen several years ago the large industrial companies begin to try to develop lower price point robots to move down in to this human scale automation space. None of them have yet come close to the capabilities we have with the UR product. On the other end, you have emerging companies start up around the globe, China, Taiwan, U.S., other places that are coming out from the other angle but those companies, copying the hardware may be the most easy thing to do. Copying the software, ease of use. The eco system. The distribution system is really hard. We continue to see that. We are confident this year on the competitive position. Margins should hang in. So things are still looking pretty good.
Toshiya Hari: Great. Thanks so much .
Operator: Your next question is from Mehdi Hosseini from SIG.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Two follow-ups. Just going back to cobot and given your 2016 performance it seems like you have around 50% market share. Should we assume that you should be able as a minimum to maintain that market share given your market forecast for 2020, market reaching $1 billion of them? And I have a follow-up.
Gregory Beecher: Mehdi, this is Greg. Yes, that is a fair assumption. It's hard to know exactly what our market share is but it could be 50%. It might be closer to 60% but it's in that neighborhood. And as Mark outlined we have a big first mover advantage in our cobot, in repeatability, safety, and particularly ease of programming which is a huge advantage the flexibility provides and the last year we've invested conservatively in the distribution and ecosystem. So we have many third parties developing their solutions on our platform and it integrates with an API into our cobot. And when have developed the distribution channel extensively, so when others come out with a capable cobot, and they will, it does take time to get that channel in place and get the channel productive. So we feel confident that we can maintain this market share looking at the next year and the year after.
Mehdi Hosseini: Got it. And then on system tests, two follow-ups there. How should we think about overall market trend in 2017? And how does the mix change within the system test going to impact. I'm assuming at some point you're actually going to do more of the SSD test. Is that true or not and if it's true how would that change the mix of the system test and would that have a margin impact?
Mark Jagiela: In the short-term for this current year we're in now, we think system tests will look similar to what it looked like last year. The storage test business which is the wildcard because we have a new platform there that we've taken to different places, as you might recall 2.5, 3.5 SSD. So that's a versatile platform that has high automation and asynchronous slots, but it's going to take time to see if we can take that platform to other places. So I think it's more of a late this year, maybe even 2018 we'll get a better read. Can we expand the market for that platform? But, in the short-term storage test should be getting model profits similar to last year.
Mehdi Hosseini: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Diffely from DA Davidson.
Tom Diffely: Yes. Good morning. So getting back to your mobility strength, I'm trying to figure out how you view the world as far as end market mobility demand versus the change of manufacturing or the change of the foundry customer that's actually building the products and what is the bigger driver right now?
Mark Jagiela: Is the question what's the bigger driver for the test market?
Tom Diffely: Yes, for the test market, how much of your growth has been driven by the change in manufacturing location, change in manufacturing customer versus the actual end market demand driving the customer demand?
Mark Jagiela: I'd say very little has been driven by the change of location and for the past several years location has been pretty stable and the growth has come all from increases in complexity and therefore test time.
Tom Diffely: Okay. Good. And then on the DRAM side you said the DRAM was going to drive some of the growth in 2017. I'm curious how well you are leveraged to those portions of the DRAM market then you think are growing?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So, we are less -- our market share is lower in DRAM. So to the extent DRAM grows, we won't grow proportional to the total market. So we're more concentrated in flash. We do participate in DRAM but let's say our total share in memory is 30, mid 30s right now, flash might be in the 40 to 50 range and DRAM might be in the 15 to 20 range.
Tom Diffely: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Edwin Mok from Needham.
Edwin Mok: Great. Thanks for taking my question. So first question I have is on -- go back to SOC tests. I think on the prepared remarks you guys talk about some growth in MCU and image sensor booking for the quarter. Just curious if that's just come some big customer come into place an order or is it more broad based? And then, just tied to that, also, how are you guys positioned in China right now? Obviously there is a lot of investment on the front end on China that might eventually drive test market. Just curious how you're positioned in China and how do you think that could potential progress as you go through 2018, 2019, got longer term timeframe.
Mark Jagiela: Okay. So on automotive microcontroller and image sensor, that's a broad based strength that we saw in orders in the fourth quarter and continuing in to the first quarter. So that's good news. The whole ecosystem around automotive is getting increasingly healthy. It's been -- you know, automotive tends to be stable overall and what we're seeing more is a little pickup in the growth rate of automotive electronics. Image sensors, there's a little more diversity now in the --I would call that the image sensor technology that's going to emerge over the next few years. And that's also driving some -- spreading around of the supply base a little more and more test for that. And then, your other question, I'm sorry.
Edwin Mok: Regarding China and where you guys are positioned and how do you think the market progress.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. China is characterized by the indigenous semiconductor companies in China. There are some large powerful companies there. We picked up market share last year in China and we see that as a growing faster than average market for quite some time. But it will be highly concentrated around a few customers and a few technologies. So I'd say it's a strong position, growing position, and memory is a wildcard at the moment. We're in position there with some of the investments going on but when that might turn in to volume production is kind of anybody's guess.
Edwin Mok: Great. My quick follow-up on UR, you mentioned that you expect to continue to grow investment on UR. Is that the way to think about it, are you increasing OpEx to similar growth rate, the top line, less than top line, any kind of metric or any way to think about how fast you're growing investment in UR?
Mark Jagiela: We recently increased URs OpEx from about $7 million to $12 million between 2015 and 2016. And looking at 2017, we could take that $12 million up to about $17 million. So we see another step up to support the much higher sales growth rate. We talked about in the past we were taking Universal Robots' profit rate down to 10% to get further ahead in distribution and ecosystem partners in anticipation of eventually running in to more meaningful competition. So we're still doing that and we expect in 2017 we're going to move from about 10% profit rate towards 15%. But we're more focused on capturing the growth and getting further ahead which we've been doing more recently.
Edwin Mok: That sounds great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Farhan Ahmad from Credit Suisse.
Farhan Ahmad: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I had a question in terms of your up tick in SOC market expectations for next year, how much of incremental spend are you seeing for AB versus other markets and how should we think about the gross margin within SOC test for next year?
Mark Jagiela: The SOC test margins by and large have been consistent for us for many years. We have also I think mentioned that in some of the even years when we have the large customer directing more buys because there's a bigger jump in their phone, that that can and has pulled our margins down a bit. But, more recently we've also described that complexity is helping even in the odd years so this even-odd year phenomenon is moderating. So we're seeing good demand because of more transistors, more test time in the odd years. So there's far less moving around of our gross margin in Semi Test. Of course in any particular segment they could be a few points higher or lower. But overall we're finding ourselves staying within this tight band.
Farhan Ahmad: Got it. And then one question on the long-term trend for the test complexity. If I think back like long time ago, like late 90s, there was a really clear trend that testing complex is rising so much faster that the test market was outpacing the semi revenues by a significant amount. Do you see, is that a trend, any kind of trend that you can see an acceleration in the complexity going up much faster or the test time just decelerating a lot more that actually the test market could inflect a lot higher going forward?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. I don't expect the craziness we saw at the end of the 90s to happen. I don't think that was a systemic thing around technology as much as driven by a unit growth expectations. Right now complexity growth is -- looks to be on a beat rate that's relatively I would say consistent for the foreseeable future, the next let's say two years at least where we have some visibility. I don't think there's a lot of time in the ecosystem of design to deal with that complexity in some of the ways that complexity has been dealt within, and let's say, memory tests back 15 years ago or micro processor tests 20 years ago which was optimized test structures in the designs to try to reduce the time on the tester. That's an investment in time and money that has marginal returns. And as I've said in my remarks people are really looking at the overall cost to ramp and a little bit more test intensity simplifies dramatically the tooling and software and debug needed to ramp apart. And improves the yield. So I think that's for the foreseeable future the track, people are going to be on it, the high complexity end of the market.
Farhan Ahmad: Got it. Thank you. That's all I have.
Operator: Our next question comes from Timothy Arcuri from Cowen & Company.
Timothy Arcuri: Thank you. I had two. One is a follow-on to what just got asked. But, last year the big orders in the fourth quarter were driven by info and this year it sounds like it was a little more of a pull-in versus kind of a new technology that's going to get implemented. Is that the right way to characterize it? I guess the reason I'm asking here is because it looks like something structural is happening beyond just parallelism effect. Because if you look at the buy rate, it's sort of at least in SOC, it's sort of bounced around between 105 bps to 115 bps between 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016. I mean is there something bigger happening here such that in your modeling maybe you're assuming that the buy rate goes to 120 bps, 130 bps, 140 bps. Why can that not happen? Thanks.
Mark Jagiela: I'll start with that one. The buy rate has stabilized and improved a bit from several years back so there is good news there. But in terms of the bookings coming in earlier, when there's a concentration of sizable demand, it's not uncommon for a customer to put bookings in earlier with us to schedule deliveries over a longer time period so they can be assured that that stream of products is going to come when they need it. Our lead times tend to be very short for ordering one, two, three testers. But if it's a sizable amount of testers, likewise you need to put orders in at a different pace than a small number of testers so it's not much more complicated than that.
Gregory Beecher: Just to comment a bit on the something else more fundamental going on, we modeled a 1% growth rate in the market after a decade of minus 3% CAGR. That's been very difficult to model and we're actually running for the four-year period here ahead of that rate. So it's certainly possible that we could get back to that 125, 130 range. But I'd say it's a little too early to call. I'd like to see a little more evidence in some of the device segments that are less digitally intensive before we be that bold.
Timothy Arcuri: Got it. Okay, thank you. And then I guess my next question is, if you run a screen on some of the proposal changes coming out of DC, you guys screen pretty well in most of those. And one particular side would be if there's going to be a lot of jobs brought back to the U.S., my guess would be that's not really going to be very people intensive. It's going to be cobot intensive possibly. So I'm wondering if you have seen sort of with your sales people and your channels has seen any increase in activity or inquiry activity because there's the potential for all these jobs to get brought back to the U.S. Thanks.
Mark Jagiela: Tim, there's a lot of activity and interest with using cobots everywhere in the world, whether it's North America or Asia. Most manufacturers know if they don't use this new tool, they'll be uncompetitive. But in terms of the U.S., we've had some very good demand more recently and we've built out the sales team and the technical support team. So our coverage is much better like we have done in other parts of the world and we've gotten some sizable orders from some large U.S. companies. We historically tend to get orders of two or three cobots then they add to it and add to it. But more recently there's been sizable bigger orders. So I don't know if that's the beginning of a trend or it's just one situation. But the good news is we are prepared in the U.S. for these changes that may be upon us.
Timothy Arcuri: Awesome. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from C.J. Muse from Evercore.
C.J. Muse: Yes. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I guess first question, as you look at the 57% gross margin for Q1, curious what is driving that within the mix. Is that higher Eagle Test content and/or should we be thinking about perhaps the new SSD tests are coming in at a higher rate or perhaps earlier seasonal uplift from UR. Would love your thoughts around that.
Mark Jagiela: CJ, it's even simpler than that. We've talked about our large customer driving demand through their partners. We don't have much from a large customer schedule in the first quarter. That's largely after the first quarter. So just like the fourth quarter was, there wasn't a lot from the large customer in terms of the shipments from the fourth quarter or first quarter. Therefore our margins are higher. It's similar to the phenomenon we described years ago even odd years, the margins improved when sales are down because the large customer is buying less.
C.J. Muse: Okay. So there isn't any sort of change in terms of better mix from your higher margin businesses helping as well?
Mark Jagiela: Correct, no. The margins in all of our business have generally stayed consistent. LitePoint has very strong margins but their volume is down so that's hurt us a little bit, but it's not significant in the grand scheme of things. So, I think in the long run we'll stay in this 54% to 56% range and occasionally we will deviate out at 57.
C.J. Muse: Got you. Okay, very helpful. I guess as a follow-up, as you look at perhaps this tick-talk going away, as the AP becomes more complex and I'm assuming here we're talking greater capabilities around graphics to support AR/VR. Curious if that creates a greater opportunity for you across other AP makers, particularly as you look perhaps to Korea and others. Does that create a revenue opportunity for you and/or share gains within the SOC bucket?
Mark Jagiela: I think, first of all, it creates an opportunity for the market to grow and for us to grow kind of proportional with it. Whether it's AR/VR or let's say processing 4k video from multiple cameras in the phone, other kinds of sensors we're going to see in the next couple years coming in to phones, all of that data intensive processing is driving up AP transistor counts, core counts, and complexity which dovetails right into the trend we've been talking about here, so I think it's all positive.
C.J. Muse: Excellent. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Krish Sankar from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I had two of them. The first one is if you look at your quarterly profile for Semi Test revenues, typically Q2 is the strongest from revenue standpoint. Given the fact that the SOC test market is stronger, you're gaining traction memory, do you think the profile is going to be different this year or is it going to be a similar profile as in prior years but Q2 being the strongest for revenues for Semi Test? And then I had a follow-up.
Mark Jagiela: I think recently in the first half of the year we ship 50% to 55% of the company's annual revenue. I don't think this year is going to be significantly different from that as best we can tell now. As I mentioned before, the back end of the year is opaque at the moment for us in general. There are some things in memory that I think will most likely kick into high production in 2018. But there's a possibility that begins to ramp at the back end of this year. So you're right, perhaps memory is a little bit of a wildcard in up side on the back half. But I think in terms of SOC we should expect to see the same pattern we've seen in past years.
Krish Sankar: Got it. That's very helpful. And then, as a follow-up, the SOC test market that you described last year and this year, can you tell us how much of that do you think was mobility within that SOC bucket last year and how much do you think mobility is going to be for this year?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. Mobility, I think year-over-year mobility is flat. And maybe mobility, if in the broadest definition you roll image censors in to it and other things is running between $900 million to $1 billion of test demand a year.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question is from Patrick Ho from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Patrick Ho: Thank you very much. Maybe just following up on the question on memory tests. Mark, you talked about potential upsides as the year progresses. Given your strength on the flash side of things and with a lot of new fabs out there, is that where you're targeting some of the potential upside, or as you mentioned on your prepared remarks, that the upside will come from the DRAM side?
Mark Jagiela: No, I think we certainly see DRAM increasing this year compared to last because it was so weak last year. But on the flash side the key thing for us is the rate of deployment of these high speed interfaces such as UFS and a few others into mobile and SSD devices. As that grows, we'll grow disproportionately faster than our native share so we'll pick up share. And the deployment of those in high volume is what we're trying to gauge right now. So my comments were more specifically to when will UFS and others really kick in to high growth.
Patrick Ho: Great. That's helpful. And as a follow-up on the UR side of things, you've talked about the expense increase over the last couple of years to establish the foothold with your distribution partners and the channel. Longer term do you see tactically using the gross margin or your cost of goods line to also protect that share as the marketplace grows? And what I mean by that is, as more competition enters, will you be able to use the gross margin line as kind of a tactical maneuver to protect that share?
Mark Jagiela: We don't think that is necessary. We are in the low 50s now and we have material cost actions underway leveraging the [indiscernible] supply line group. So there's opportunities to improve that gross margin. And yes, there's a chance that those improvements get used in pricing should we find competition. So the good news is, we're going to have a buffer. But I don't anticipate us deviating from low 50s. Because we have this buffer and we have a very large lead and usually if you're going to do automation, most companies want to go with somebody who's done that type of automation before, has a recipe for it, has integrators that are trained for it. You find there's a better price because it's been done before. There's a lot of advantages that are accumulating on our side of the ledger so I don't think we're going to need to use price.
Patrick Ho: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Stephen Chin from UBS.
Neal Burk: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. This is Neal on. Can you let us know what the non-GAAP operating margin is for Universal Robots this quarter?
Mark Jagiela: Universal Robots non-GAAP operating margin, for the year, I'll tell you the year. For 2016 they averaged about 10% operating profit margin.
Neal Burk: Okay. And the way to think about that would be relative to the $7 million increase in OpEx you're talking about for next year?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So if we increase it 7 again and get our growth, the operating profit margins, it depends what growth we get to. And we can meter some of the spending. The 7 is if we see high growth, which we believe we will. If we think some of that growth will take a little bit longer, we might not go the full 7. But regardless we expect Universal Robots to operate within a 10% operating range plus working its way toward 15% over time.
Neal Burk: Thanks. Then one follow-up. You mentioned strong demands from automotive customers. Can you give us an idea what percent of your SOC business from automotive is that possible? And we're seeing some strength in the industrial segment. Some recovery there. Can you talk about whether that factors in to your outlook for 2017?
Mark Jagiela: Yes, for Teradyne's business, automotive-related electronics represent roughly, let's say 15% or so of our total revenue. And, what was your second question?
Neal Burk: I was just wondering if you're seeing any strength in industrial segment if you have exposure there, if some of the strength there.
Mark Jagiela: Yes, I would say that is relatively stable flat but not growing at the moment. The real growth has been mobility looks like in 2017 being an odd year will be flat to slightly up over last year. And automotive and microcontroller will be up. So those are the kind of three piece. And analogue by the way a little bit. So those are the three pieces that we see growing.
Neal Burk: Great. Thanks.
Andrew Blanchard: And operator, we have time to sneak in just one more, please.
Operator: Okay. Your final question will be from David Dooley from Steelhead.
David Dooley: Thanks for taking my question. First question is when you look at the incoming orders and the mobility space, were those concentrated with one customer or was this broad based demand?
Mark Jagiela: Let's see. Our business in mobility every year for the past three to four years has had a certain degree of high concentration around let's say a specific driver, but the overall mobility segment is the demand is broad based so we do see pickups in demand from all the components you might find in a smartphone coming through fourth quarter into first.
David Dooley: Okay. I guess more specifically than on the application process aside, was this just one or two customers? Was this more of a broad-based demand for the more complex testers?
Mark Jagiela: For application processor specifically, that is dominated by one customer. The other customers for applications processes, however also had a pickup. But just proportionately speaking a much smaller proportion of our bookings.
David Dooley: Okay, great. Then you've made an argument about essentially the SOC test market starting to grow again because the parallel test efficiencies are going to decline. Do you see that potentially happening in the memory market? I guess specifically my question is it seems like there's pretty rapid bit growth in flash and 3D NAND. And kind of curious why or when the market will grow at a higher rate to match the bit growth in the market.
Mark Jagiela: The bit rates have been growing rapidly in memory for decades and the thing that's been different about memory is the complexity there is not really complexity. A lot of what has happened is photography, shrinks and 3D vertical structures to add more capacity to the part. But the complexity of those devices isn't necessarily growing. So they've been able to, because of the regular architecture of memories, do things with the design to optimize test and reduce test intensity. The thing there that could change this in terms of complexity change in memory are these high speed interfaces. So the high speed interfaces are quite sophisticated and do require more extensive testing and obsolete existing testers. So if both -- primarily on the flash side I'd say. As flash devices, whether its vertical structures or bit density is less important to us than a step function change in the IO bandwidth when is why I keep speaking about UFS and other types of interfaces. That complexity will drive retooling and test timing it could bump the memory test intensity over the next four to five years.
David Dooley: Okay, great. And just as a housekeeping, can you give me an estimate as to what you think the size of the image censor test market is?
Mark Jagiela: That market varies year-to-year quite a bit. But let's say an average number to use might be $100 million.
David Dooley: Okay. Thank you so much. Nice quarter
Andrew Blanchard: Okay , folks. Thanks so much for joining us and we look forward to talking with you in the days ahead and those remaining in the queue, I'll be back to you within the next 90 minutes or so. Thank you.
Mark Jagiela: Thank you.
Gregory Beecher: Thanks.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for participating. At this time you may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc. Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc. Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.
Analysts: Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Co. LLC Jagadish K. Iyer - Summit Redstone Partners LLC Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. Thomas Robert Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co. Edwin Mok - Needham & Co. LLC Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Group C.J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC Stephen Chin - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Ginger, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Teradyne Quarter Three 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. Mr. Andy Blanchard, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc.: Thank you, Ginger. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our CEO, Mark Jagiela; and our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for the third quarter of 2016 and our outlook for the fourth quarter of this year. The press release containing our third quarter results was issued last evening. We're providing slides on the Investor page of the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion. Those slides can be downloaded now or you can follow along live. Replays of this call will be available via the same page after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release as well as our most recent SEC filings. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we'll make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We've posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, where available, on the Investor page of the website. Also between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne will be participating in investor conferences hosted by Baird, UBS, Credit Suisse, and Bank of America. Now, let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, Mark will comment on our recent results and the market conditions as we enter the fourth quarter. Greg will then offer more details on our quarterly financial results along with our guidance for the fourth quarter. We'll then answer your questions, and this call is scheduled for one hour. Mark?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. Today I'll cover three main points in my prepared remarks: a summary of 2016, an early look at 2017 including an update on the long-term growth drivers of our business, and a brief update on our capital allocation plans. Strong bookings in our third quarter led to shipments above guidance and an increase to our fourth quarter production plans. At the midpoint of our Q4 guidance, we will exceed $1.7 billion in annual sales at Teradyne and grow non-GAAP earnings per share to $1.40, up from $1.27 last year. As we've moved through 2016, we've seen a continuous strengthening of our Semiconductor Test outlook. We now see the 2016 SOC market at the high end of our $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion range. In Teradyne's case, a tick up in microcontroller and automotive analog test demand in the third quarter helped drive our Semi Test bookings up 18% over the third quarter of 2015. This is an encouraging sign as microcontroller and automotive analog test have been weaker than normal for five quarters. While the mobile device market will continue to dominate, we expect it will be supplemented by increasing demand in transportation, automotive, in particular. For example, over the next few years, millimeter wave radar will move from a niche option on high-end cars to widespread availability across all automotive market segments. Similarly, the connected car and autonomous driving will accelerate the use of cameras, physical sensors, data processors, wireless communication and support ICs. Complexity growth in mobility devices continues to drive test time increases that have more than offset slowing unit growth. The consumer benefits of lower power, higher performance and smaller form factor that come with the most advanced lithography nodes and advanced packaging, drive increased test intensity to both weed out defects and tune the performance of these devices. This increase in test time combined with a plateau in parallelism is buoying (04:22) the test market. In memory test, flash continues to be the largest part of our business but we also saw a nice improvement in DRAM test orders in the quarter as well. Buying patterns in memory can be lumpy but we expect the market will be about $400 million this year and our share should grow to about 33%. The move to higher speed flash is well under way and we expect the combination of SSD and mobile applications will drive the flash market for the foreseeable future. We're well positioned in this market with our high-speed Magnum architecture, so we expect this to be a continued source of share gains for us in the future. Year to date through the third quarter, our Semi Test sales were up 10% over the same period last year, a trend we expect to continue through the fourth quarter. Universal Robots had another strong quarter with sales up 46% from last year's third quarter. Through the first nine months of the year UR sales on a standalone basis are up 67% and we are tracking to exceed our 50% growth target for the full year. We continue to invest in this business as we see a significant potential for long-term growth. To achieve this, we've increased our quarterly operating expense at UR over 70% in 2016 compared with 2015. We've added talent globally throughout the UR organization, as we put in place the foundation to support this growth. We've opened new regional offices in Japan, Taiwan and South Korea to support our growing base of distributors and end-users. We continue to expand our base of active distribution partners as well as our average revenue per distributor. While many of these investments will pay dividends next year and beyond, early indicators of the effectiveness of the strategy are positive. The combination of growing global wage rates, our cobot's ease of deployment and use, expanding applications, a short payback period, and low penetration combined to create a market that has enormous potential. Growth is driven by expanding the awareness of UR's cobots combined with expanding the distribution capacity to execute the application specific work to deploy our cobot. While manufacturing remains the main opportunity, it's noteworthy that a range of applications with cobots continues to expand. For example, in the healthcare arena, UR cobot are currently being used for inpatient rehabilitation, assisting with repetitive function movement, as well as a variety of research applications including an innovative laparoscopic surgery project. Our System Test business also had a strong quarter with order growth in each of the component groups Defense and Aerospace, Production Board Test and Storage Test. System Test continues to do a nice job uncovering new applications for our technology and creating attractive products to serve those needs. The big step up in orders, our highest quarterly level in over four years, was driven by orders for a new product which we will introduce in 2017 as well as orders Defense and Aerospace customers. As we noted in our July call the wireless production test market is in a lull as transitions to new Wi-Fi and cellular technologies are at a low point in the cycle. We expect this to persist through 2017 and have resized and refocused our Wireless group on these emerging technologies that will drive the next wave of test investment. These include 5G cellular millimeter wave technologies as well as Wi-Fi standards like 802.11ax and ad. ax should be the first new technology to drive retooling starting in 2018, as it brings improved spectral efficiency to Wi-Fi in the existing 2.4 gigahertz and 5 gigahertz bands. ax brings frequency division multiplexing and higher order quadrature amplitude modulation to the world of Wi-Fi driving up complexity, and, therefore, test intensity. Our LitePoint Wireless Test group returned to profitability in the third quarter and should finish the year with about $100 million in sales. At this point, we expect 2017 to be at about a similar level. Turning to 2017 and beyond, as we outlined last fall, our $2 EPS target for 2020 is primarily based on two things. First, an ATE market growing in an average 1% rate, combined with 1% market share gains; and, second, Universal Robots continuing to hit its 50% annual growth target. Even with a weak Wireless Test market, we are running at the EPS growth trend line in 2016. Given the even-odd year patterns in SOC tests, at this point, we see 2017 as significantly up from the comparable 2015 period. At the midpoint of our $2.1 billion to $2.5 billion SOC market size range, this would represent about an 11% market growth from 2015. In memory, we expect the market to be back in the $450 million to $500 million range. We'll have better visibility on 2017 Semi Test market in our January call. At Universal Robots, we see 2017 as another year with 50% plus growth. We will continue to invest in building out our distribution network and in maintaining our product leadership. On the capital allocation front, we continue to look for a balance between direct shareholder returns via dividends and share repurchases, as well as growth focused M&A. Since the start of 2015, we've paid $87 million in dividends and bought back $385 million of stock and acquired Universal Robots. We ended the third quarter with over $1.2 billion of cash with about $800 million of that outside the U.S. We'll be working through the details of our 2017 capital allocation plans over the next couple of months, and we'll review our plans with you in our January earnings call. Regarding M&A, while we continuously monitor the semi cap and test space, the area most interesting to us at this point is industrial automation. The convergence of enabling technologies with global demographic and economic trends makes this area very interesting and potentially rewarding from a long-term value creation perspective. Naturally, we remain disciplined in our consideration. So to sum it up, we had a good Q3 from a sales and profit standpoint, with a shallower order trough than we have seen in recent years, which will allow a strong finish to the year. We expect to finish the year with sales over $1.7 billion and a product lineup and operating model well-positioned for 2017. Now I'll turn it over to Greg.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Thanks Mark, and good morning everyone. I'll start with a quick summary of 2016, as you can now see our fourth quarter's guidance. I will also provide additional details on the growth drivers that Mark discussed, along with our third quarter results and fourth quarter guidance. So starting with the 2016 summary, this year is firming up to be our seventh straight year with strong financial performance. In fact, both the top line and non-GAAP EPS are projected to be up over last year, despite the headwinds from our Wireless Test business. Factoring (12:02) in our fourth quarter guidance at the midpoint, sales are tracking to be up 5% over last year while non-GAAP EPS is expected to be up 10%. For the full year, the projected non-GAAP EPS of $1.40 is a positive step towards our midterm $2 target outlined last quarter. The expected 2016 earnings improvement over 2015 is attributable to Semi Test, lower taxes and a lower average share count. Not surprisingly, two of the three Semi Test and share count, along with Universal Robots, are the three key drivers to our $2 midterm non-GAAP EPS plan. So seeing progress this year, after hovering around $1.25 a share the last few years, is encouraging. On our two key growth drivers, first in Semi Test, it's a familiar story. Tight alignment to the healthier test segments with very selective share gains, coupled with increased device complexity which is driving up test intensity. Second at Universal Robots, it's maintaining clear market leadership in a fast-growing cobot space where various third-party research firms have this market growing from about $100 million last year to anywhere from $1 billion to $3 billion in 2020. These very high growth cobot projections are based on the increasing costs and demographics of a shrinking labor pool and the drive for higher product quality. UR cobots today already provide a very fast payback, often in six months or less, and are very well positioned for the expected multiyear expansion. Let me take a moment now to summarize the three key 2016 takeaways that best illustrate the Teradyne of today and tomorrow. First, we've long since proven to be very good stewards in test markets that others often struggle in. This stems from having our product roadmap headlights far out in front of current demand. We're very selective in the markets we serve, which yields more efficient R&D spending on clearly differentiated products. We're able to consistently field (14:07) products in the healthier market segments with the right feature set, industry-leading software and support which drives our long-term share gains. Second, the successful expansion of the Universal Robots top line, the strengthening of its distribution pipeline and ecosystem. For the first nine months of 2016 in the Teradyne fold, Universal Robots sales have grown 67% over the comparable standalone nine-month period last year. We see multiple years of 50% or greater UR sales growth, ahead with our sizable product lead and a growing distribution lead. And third is our strong balance sheet coupled with our capital return programs. These three pillars, strong and steady financial performance in our Semi Test business, high growth in the Industrial Automation cobot segment and an attractive capital return strategy, all while maintaining healthy performance in System Test and Wireless Test and a strong balance sheet are the pillars of Teradyne today and tomorrow. Let me now go a bit deeper, first with Universal Robots. We expect over $90 million in cobot sales this year with a seasonally strong fourth quarter. Competitively, we compete mainly against manual labor and costly and inflexible automation. While there are other cobots in the marketplace, at this point the market is essentially a greenfield. Shifting from market forces to the Universal Robot architecture, UR cobots remain unique in their ease of programming and flexibility, highly repeatable accuracy, attractive cost and redundant safety systems. They fit very well with the demands of small and medium enterprises which need easy programming, high flexibility and fast ROIs. Recall the traditional industrial robot was designed for large scale operations such as assembling an automobile where a vehicle platform may last several years. Hence the need for easy programming flexibility are working alongside factory workers without caging wasn't necessary. UR's human scale cobots are focused on smaller scale operations, assisting or working side-by-side with workers. Users can manually move arm or use the simple teach pendant and just click to remember the waypoint and they've programmed it. In short, Universal Robots has encapsulated all the underlying software complexity so that the user does not need any specialized programming skills. This ease-of-use fundamentally shifts the economics of automation. Our first to market product lead is being further amplified by a growing ecosystem lead. As the clear market leader third-party developers have a strong incentive to create new peripherals on the UR platform. To ease the integration of peripherals, we've opened up our platform for partners to embed their unique solutions into our easy programming environment via software APIs. As a result, partners often demonstrate their solutions at trade shows using a UR cobot, which drives greater awareness and demand. For example, at the AUTOMATICA Trade Show in Munich this past June, over 15 companies used UR cobots to showcase their products. As Mark noted we're also expanded our direct sales force to generate opportunities for our distributors and are growing our regional technical teams to assist them and their customers at the local level. So we have a growing ecosystem of third-party developers who know they are aligned with the right partner both in terms of our product lead and our strategy to keep the cobot universal. This provides our growing global distribution network with the best cobot product in a wide range of peripherals that solve almost any customer automation challenge. Shifting now to Semi Test, if we take a quick step back the ATE industry has long since consolidated to essentially two players; Teradyne with about 47% market share and Advantest with about 40%. As described in the past moving share is difficult and comes in small increments as tester platform decisions are not made on a technology node (18:03) but rather by device type. And it's costly for customers to shift given the programming investments they've made. That is why we remain keenly focused on selecting the right long-term device segments and avoiding some segments that are shrinking. For example, years ago we chose the mobile market over PCs. We also invested in software tools that accelerate our customer's time from tape-out to product launch. Without these tools the alternative is to provide scores of free application engineers that shield the customer from complex harder to use software. The point is that we've made many trade-offs versus chasing everything and covering multiple and sometimes overlapping bets which only served to dilute performance. Our selective investments have held both our gross margins and OpEx investment levels so that our Semi Test business has operated with gross margins in the mid 50% range and with operating profits about 5 points above the industry model of 15%. And while we have added some OpEx back several years ago, after very sharp cuts in Semi Test, those additions were needed to ensure we stay on a share gain trajectory rather than risk sliding back. We're proud to yet again this year maintain the lowest OpEx percentages in ATE. Going forward if we look at company OpEx more closely, you'll see our spending, excluding Universal Robots, will be down in 2016 from 2015 and we expect a flat to slightly declining test OpEx in 2017 as well. I'll provide details when I review the Q3 results. In memory test, the trend is to higher speeds and that plays into our Magnum product strength, with our high-frequency instrumentation and very low cost architecture. We've secured over 50% of the flash final test market and expect to benefit from the anticipated NAND growth from the fab build-outs underway. Shifting to System Test group, this year is on track to operate at model profit or better, while funding some new growth initiatives in Storage Test, more on that in subsequent calls. As expected, LitePoint completed its second restructuring this year and is sharpening its focus in a soft wireless test production market that will likely extend into next year. We expect an improving demand environment in 2018, with two new Wi-Fi standards expected to go mainstream. Now a reminder on our capital allocation plans. We plan to buy back a minimum of $100 million and up to $200 million of our shares this year, while returning about $50 million in dividends to shareholders. We will announce our capital return plans for 2017 in the January call, consistent with our past practice. As Mark noted, our M&A strategy continues to be targeted at Industrial Automation, given the favorable long-term trends and our expanding distribution reach. We think of this as going down the A, or automation path, in ATE. However, I should stress that we do not need to fill any holes nor are we compelled whatsoever to do another transaction. We are, however, compelled to carefully look and give shareholders the best risk-adjusted return. Moving to the details of the third quarter, our sales were $410 million, non-GAAP gross margins were 56%, operating profit rate 19%, and non-GAAP EPS was $0.33. We had one 10% customer in the quarter. Our non-GAAP operating expenses were $150 million, down $8 million from the second quarter due to lower variable compensation accruals on decreased profit level and lower Wireless Test spending. Total company OpEx in the third quarter this year at $150 million is down $2 million from the year ago third quarter, as higher spending at UR was offset by reductions in our test businesses. We expect our full-year 2016 OpEx, excluding Universal Robots, to be down, while UR's full year OpEx will grow year-on-year to the $40 million to $42 million range. At the company level, as noted earlier, our initial progress on our midterm plan to reach $2.00 in non-GAAP earnings is very promising. On capital returns, we paid $12 million in dividends and used $28 million to buy back 1.4 million shares at an average price of $20.66 in the third quarter. This leaves us with $115 million remaining under our $500 million stock repurchase authorization. Our cash and marketable securities totaled $1.254 billion up $148 million from the end of the second quarter. We have $428 million in the U.S. and the balance is offshore. But 85% of our annual cash generation this year will be offshore. Looking ahead, we plan to keep aggregate spending flat to slightly down in our test businesses which include funding annual salary wage increases with productivity gains and to increase Universal Robot spending particularly in distribution to stay in the 50% or greater growth trajectory. The top and bottom lines of our model for 2017 remain unchanged at about $390 million quarterly revenue to hit the 15% industry operating profit rate. Further investments to accelerate UR growth are being balanced in part by spending reductions in our test businesses and continued strong gross margins. At model revenue we now expect gross margins at 54% and OpEx at 39%. I should add that this model solves for (23:22) the sales level to hit 15% operating profit rather than using higher past average sales. For example, we've operated at about a 20% operating profit rate over the last five years, and our long-term plan has us reaching a 22% operating profit rate. Moving now to the segment level details, Semi Test bookings were $250 million with demand principally driven by mobility, SOC test orders were $221 million and memory test orders were $29 million. Memory test orders were flash driven. Semi Test service orders were $39 million of the total. Semi Test sales were $322 million in the quarter with SOC making up $290 million and memory test the balance. Semi Test service revenue totaled $58 million in the quarter. Moving to System Test, orders were $76 million in the quarter and sales were at $37 million. A portion of these orders carry longer than normal lead times and therefore won't all translate to shipments in the fourth quarter. Shifting to Wireless Test we booked $29 million and sales were at $28 million in the third quarter. At Universal Robots orders in the third quarter were $24 million and sales were $24 million. Sales for the fourth quarter are expected to be between $330 million and $360 million with a non-GAAP EPS range is $0.18 to $0.25 on 203 million diluted shares. Q4 guidance excludes the amortization (24:48) of acquired intangibles. The fourth quarter gross margin should run about 56% roughly flat with the third quarter and total OpEx should run from 40% to 44%. The operating profit rate at the midpoint of our fourth quarter guidance is about 14%. Shifting to taxes, our full-year tax rate is expected to be about 14% lower than recent prior years due to higher offshore profits where we have favorable tax rates. Please note that we expect our tax rate to step up to 18% for 2017. Our free cash flow this year to date totals $342 million. After a very strong Q3 driven by strong AR collections, we expect negative free cash flow of $45 million in the fourth quarter, as our DSO returns to a more normalized level. And similar to the prior fourth quarter, we will be pipelining some inventory to maintain attractive lead times entering 2017. Over the last three years, our average free cash flow has averaged $270 million. In summary, we had a very strong quarter from bookings, revenue and profit perspective and expect to deliver both revenue and non-GAAP earnings growth for the full year 2016. We're executing well on our $2 midterm EPS plan and Semi Test and Universal Robots growth driving the top line and bottom line expansion along with steady financial discipline and managing the share count. With that, I'll turn the call back to Andy.
Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc.: Thanks, Greg. Ginger, we'd now like to take questions. And as a reminder, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up.
Operator: Your first question comes from Timothy Arcuri from Cowen & Company.
Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks a lot, I guess, I had two. So I just wanted to confirm some of the numbers. So you had talked about the memory TAM being up next year. It sounds like it's going to go from $400 million to – $450 million to, say, $500 million. But can you confirm what you think that the SOC TAM does next year?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah. Look, what I said is that we've got a pretty wide range right now $2.1 billion to $2.5 billion, so at the midpoint $2.3 billion. We've certainly seen stronger performance in the market in the recent few months than we had expected even three months ago. So we're perhaps a little optimistic, but that's the range.
Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And then, I guess just more of a bigger picture question on Wireless Test. And I guess the question is, certainly it sounds like it did eke out a profit in the third quarter. But can you just go through the rationale in terms of why you even want to stay in that business, if we have to wait another year, or maybe five or six more quarters until things really start to pick back up again? Why not basically restructure the business and sell it and then take that money and reallocate that into Industrial Automation as a huge aspect (27:49)?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Tim, this is Greg. The first thing you do when a business gets in trouble, which we've had experience with, whether it was Storage Test some number of years ago or Semi Test back in 2009 is, you have to remodel it to get it healthy again so that you can grow from health. And until you do that, you really don't have any good options. So that's the key thing we're focused on at this point, getting it healthy and it turned a profit this quarter and there are some encouraging design win momentum we have. But the meaningful business is two years out. So we're happy that we've repositioned the company on better footing after a very strong history, but obviously the market has gone soft on us. But we think the next couple of years, or two years out, we can have better performance. And to your point about automation, we have dry powder, we have the capacity. So LitePoint isn't stopping us from making another move. It's more, what are the opportunities? What's the risk-adjusted return? And all those discussions and analysis take time. We don't move fast. When we see something, we need to really make sure we understand the space, the fit, the culture, and that's our thought (29:03) process.
Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you, Greg.
Operator: Your next question is from Jagadish Iyer from Summit Redstone.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Summit Redstone Partners LLC: Yeah, thanks for taking my question. It's a big picture question on this Universal Robots, so given that your investment is ongoing, how should we think about it at least for the next two or three years in terms of the profitability for this UR business? Even though there is going to be sizable unit growth, how should we think about profitability, and then I have a follow-up?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Okay. So we've tried to outline this in the past, but what we did this year is, we essentially, intentionally, are taking down their run rate profit of 15% from last year to something 10% range, or 10% or a little bit better. We are putting in much more distribution muscle power working with an ecosystem. The reason we're doing all that is, we know there's other cobot makers coming to the plays. We're far ahead on the product. We want to get far ahead on the distribution and third party ecosystem providers, so that when someone else comes along, we are clearly the proven low-risk solution. So, what does that mean for next year? Well, as we continue to grow significantly, we're going to grow the spending to make sure we don't curtail the possible sales growth, market share, because once you get into these accounts, they often deploy another stage in manufacturing. So you really want to get in and then you can grow much greater once you are in an account. With that said, we would expect the profit rate next year to move from around a 10% range towards a 15% range.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Summit Redstone Partners LLC: Fair enough. Just on another question on memory, given that the NAND is moving more towards 3D and you also have testing of the SSD, why isn't that memory market not growing substantially than the $400 million to $450 million that you guys have outlined? Thank you.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah. Well, we said $450 million to $500 million for next year, so coming off of this year at $400 million, that will be a significant step up, but kind of flat with where it's been looking backwards for several years. And the thing that is driving the test demand is more on the order of the high speed interfaces going into NAND chips, more so than the vertical structures of NAND devices. So that technological shift in NAND really doesn't have a large impact on test but moving to UFS, PCIe, those kind of high speed interfaces, does. So that's what'll drive the increases next year, we think. Now, the bit growth in NAND has kind of been consistent year-over-year, so it's really this technological shift to higher speed interfaces.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Summit Redstone Partners LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Farhan Ahmad from Credit Suisse.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I had a question on your Systems Test. You had a very strong quarter in terms of bookings, and you referenced that there are some products that should be driving your (32:20) next year. The question I had was, can you talk about what this new product is, or is this something that is incremental to your market, or is it something that is replacing an older product?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yes. Okay. We're not really in a position to announce the product. But it is incremental. It's a new application for our Storage Test automation product. But we've started out here, in conjunction with a couple of key accounts, working on a new application. And like you mentioned, the revenue and shipments of that will be early next year, probably a little bit in Q1 and more in Q2. And somewhere around that point, we will introduce the product.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: If I could just quickly add, the Storage Test platform is very versatile, as you probably can see by now. It has significant automation and it's asynchronous to slots, so it is a vessel that can be used for multiple applications. So I think there is a ongoing story as to that product and that technology moving to some other markets over time.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it. And could you just remind me what your expectation of the System Test market is for next year, just given that you'll have this new product as well?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: We tend to just say System Test will probably be at model profits, which is about $65 million revenue.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Storage Test.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Storage, also in the Storage Test. Was that System Test? I'm sorry, Storage Test (33:50). So Storage Test is going to be at model $65 million, and then this year about $189 million, so we're probably going to be similar to that level. We expect to be at model profit in those businesses so, I think even by (34:10) 15% then.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it. So you won't have growth next year just because, I mean, I would've thought like you have some new products that should have helped you grow the revenue from this year to next. Can you just explain, like, what's moving and what's stopping your revenues from growing in the System Test next year?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Well we got the Storage Test but (34:29) I think you're asking about Storage Test?
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): No, I'm asking about System Test. I mean, Storage Test you clearly have like this product confusing (34:40). But what are the other moving pieces in the System Test that are stopping your revenue in System Test from growing substantially just given the growth in the Storage Test.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Okay. There's a slowdown in 3.5 inch test volume, that's in Storage Test. So this new application can offset some slowdown. But then when you go to mil-aero, mil-aero should be growing. The budget sequestration stopped. There's much more flight testing programs, so we see growth in mil-aero. Production Board Test we see some slight growth there as well. There is a whole set of applications that are high panel count that we have two test heads, the very efficient architecture that we can do the throughput much better, so we see growth in both Production Board Tests, low growth, and in mil-aero.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Can I just add to that. It's been difficult to predict the Storage Test demand over the years if you've followed that. So right now it looks as though the hard disk drive market will – for test capacity will be a bit weak. And therefore we're being conservative. But it turns on a dime, that market, so it's hard to tell. Same thing with SSD, SSD is another thing that's hard still to calibrate in terms of size. But we're being pretty conservative at this point.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it. Thank you. That's all I have.
Operator: Your next question is from Krish Sankar from Bank of America.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I have two of them. First one, the strength you saw in bookings in Q3, was that more related to pull-in from Q4 or in other words historically your Q4 bookings have grown sequentially. Should that be relatively more muted this time around and then I had a follow-up.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: No. That wasn't related to pull-ins. That was a new application where there's some engineering that needs to get completed for the application. So....
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Well, Krish was that (36:33) – Greg, you're referring to in System Test.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: That's what I thought.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: But Krish are you referring to the total company?
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, overall. Yeah.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah, I think no. There's no pull-in from Q4. Semiconductor Test as an example, it's really the strengthening of microcontroller test and analog automotive test that has driven that. And none of that we saw as an acceleration. So the one thing about the fourth quarter bookings, if you look at it historically, fourth quarter tends to have been a low point. However, last year we had quite a large surge as a couple of large customers shifted orders a little bit earlier out of Q1 into Q4. And so comparing this year's Q4 bookings with last year we have that phenomena that take into account. That may happen again, it may not happen again. It's really just a matter of a few weeks worth of timing that can shift the bookings in the fourth quarter around that sort of year-end mark.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it, got it. And then thanks for the color on 2017 SOC. Looks like at the midpoint, the SOC market might be down 4%. I think you guys are not giving guidance for Teradyne for 2017 but historically your SOC revenues have dragged (37:56) the industry directionally. So is it fair to assume 2015 SOC revenues for Teradyne would also be down year-over-year given the industry is down although a modest 4%.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Well, remember that part of our story here both historically and looking forward is to pick up market share. So one point of share gain is probably reasonable to think about next year for us in SOC. And we also see that the memory market will rebound a bit next year. So I think you've got to factor those into the math as well.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thanks folks.
Operator: Your next question is from Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Good morning guys. My first question is regarding your long-term model in Semi Test. You seem to be assuming an average market growth rate of 1% and to your point earlier about 1 percentage point of annual share gains. On your market growth rate of roughly 1%, just given what we've seen so far in 2016 and what you're guiding SOC to in 2017, do you think that 1% number could potentially be a little bit more on the conservative side? And on your annual share gain of 1% point, obviously you've done a great job in the past picking up share at the expense of your nearest competitor. But going forward where do you see the incremental opportunity from an end-market perspective?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Well so both of those. So yes we have the recent couple of years have been pretty strong indicators of a return to a bit of market growth. But I think we're still sticking to that 1% number for a while here because after a decade plus of a negative CAGR, we don't want to get too exuberant until we have a few more data points in. It's certainly encouraging what's happened this year and the strengthening prognosis for next year, so those are all positive signs. But overall I think we stay with our model at this point of about 1% average CAGR and there'll be a lot of noise around that. As you see this sort of 11% growth, 2017 compared to 2015 that's certainly well above that line. But I think it's too early to say we're going to move that up. On the share gains, the share gains come about in two ways. One way is that we are positioned in segments with customers that tend to grow faster than the market because they're in, as Greg was talking about in his script, the sort of sweet spot of growth around mobility automotive and such. So part of our share gain story just comes from riding the rising tide of being in the more attractive markets. Same thing on NAND in the memory space, where we tend to be a little more concentrated in NAND flash, that's growing more than DRAM and we tend to benefit from that, even without accounts, let say, trading hands (41:04). And then on top of that there are some competitive shootouts that occur every year where we selectively go after places we think we have clear differentiation. And that without any sort of pricing, more on functionality, we can make a difference and swing a little bit more our way. That's what we've been doing and when we look forward it looks like that's still very attractive and optimistic around how we can continue to gain share.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. And as my follow up, I had a question on Universal Robots as well. It seems like you're tracking to beat your 50% growth rate this year with year-to-date growth around 70% if I recall correctly. What's been the upside surprise here and what are your preliminary thoughts going into 2017? And kind of related to that, when you talk about M&A in automation, is the focus on hardware or software or I suppose distribution capability? Thank you.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: I'll start with this and maybe Mark can go in as well. First, yeah there really isn't a surprise in our 67% growth. We did say 50% or greater and we have third-party research firms that have this market in the billion dollar range in 2020. So we see explosive growth for years to come. We're much more focused on trying to figure out by region what is it that needs to be done for particular regions to get more of a velocity through that region. Sometimes it's more technical people, sometimes it's distributor's velocity, sometimes it's leads. There's a whole set of factors that we are working in some regions that are growing higher than 67%. So there's a lot of hands-on to try to figure out how to get it growing as fast as it possibly can because we have a huge lead and it's a very fast payback and it's very easy to deploy. So it's a very unique opportunity that we have.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: And then on the question around M&A, the things you said are yes, yes, yes. So software, some additional hardware capability and distribution, those are all three areas that we're actively looking at as a way to accelerate – not just accelerate UR but catch another wave of inflection in the market around what's going in around Industrial Automation. This trend for cobots will pull – coattails (43:47) will pull other kinds of technologies into factories as well and those will, we think, have similar growth rates. And so yes, we're looking around all of those areas.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question is from Tim Diffely (sic) [Tom Diffely] (44:05) from D.A. Davidson.
Thomas Robert Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Yeah, good morning. So I guess getting back to the Wireless business, I think you mentioned that it became profitable during the quarter. At $100 million next year do you expect that profitability for the full year?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Tim (sic) [Tom] (44:21), if it's about $100 million it'll be close to breakeven. Maybe it's a very small profit but at $100 million I'd say it's breakeven to 2%, 3% profit growth, very low.
Thomas Robert Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. And at this point, do you think the risk is to the upside or downside for that revenue number?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: I actually feel pretty good about that revenue number. I think it's cautious. So I suppose in theory there could be a little bit of upside, but we didn't see much of that this year. So I'll stick with the number that yeah $97 million and $100 million is a very good number for next year.
Thomas Robert Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay, and then following up on the Semi bookings, in general, have you seen a shift, I know you mentioned that a lot of bookings happened very late in the year, early in the following year. But have you seen a shift over the last several years of pulling the bookings in, in general, and then peaking revenues a quarter (45:14).
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yes, I don't think, I mean, there's no general case here. It's kind of very specific around mobility and phones. And last year was a little bit of an anomaly after four years of a pattern where orders started to accelerate in Q1 and shipments peaked either in late Q2 or early Q3. Last year the orders came in, in late Q4 and began to come in and the shipments started to ramp a bit earlier too in late Q1. So that was very specific to last year, very specific to phones. And this year, if we look forward that possibly could occur again. In total, there's not a big issue here, whether the orders come in the last couple weeks of this year or first couple weeks of next year. We see that there's some variability there, but nothing significant to what's going on. The other segments that are growing, and in our case microcontrollers, we saw orders in the third quarter higher than we've seen from microcontrollers since early 2014, same thing with automotive. So those, I think, are more indication of – that's not a cyclical business typically, and it's driven by new model years coming along that are going to take a step function in automotive safety, is one thing driving it, where the millimeter radar and other things like that will start ramping next year and become a driver for test. So that's going to be a long, long multi-year tubing (47:02) exercise in automotive. You won't see the same peaking and sort of quarter-to-quarter fluctuations, I don't think.
Thomas Robert Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Edwin Mok from Needham & Company.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. So, first on UR, just to reiterate (47:23) your revenue actually declined sequentially in the third quarter. I was just wondering if we should read anything into that. And in terms of kind of (47:31) growth, it sounds like you might be – while you're talking 50% plus growth, you might be a little limited by ability to kind of reach out to greater distribution network and supply that (47:46). Will you quantify your business like that, and do you think that's where you mostly put your assets in right now, in partnership and distribution networks?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: I'll start with that one. Yes, a lot of our effort is going into the distribution network. And that includes making sure we have the best distributors, they have the right technical resources, sales persons (48:07) to follow up and close deals (48:09). It's also opening up new regions, salespeople to help get lease to the distributors. So a lot of actions are underway. To take it back to where you started, any quarter-to-quarter change in sales, I would just caution not to read too much into it. There's a whole set of confusing factors that can move sales higher or lower. Some are as mundane as, European vacations are pretty heavy in the third quarter. So that makes the comparison to the second quarter a bit tough. And then we have the timing of different products, when they enter the market. There's a whole set of things that make comparisons difficult. With that said, we feel comfortable with 50% or greater for this year and next year, with some oddball changes quarter-to-quarter where it's going to be below 50% or above 50%.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then go back to ATE space, I think you highlighted both the SOC market and as well as the kind of auto related market that drove the strong booking this quarter. I was wondering, did that kind of strength in booking, was that surprising for you guys in terms of how fast it happened? And then, kind of tying that to your outlook in 2017, is that what kind of (49:36) give you the confidence of this pretty strong outlook for 2017, kind of actually flattish or maybe just down modestly from this year on the down year?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah. So the strength of microcontroller in automotive orders in the third quarter were more than we expected. And we have seen five quarters of below trend line buying in that segment. So we knew it had to return. It just so happened that it came back in third quarter and it was a bit of a surprise. So that's a factor in our optimism around next year's market. But that's not it alone. We've also seen strong indications around mobility as well, for next year, which is our biggest segment. So in general, I would say that, as we went through third quarter, the optimism and the orders both moved higher than we had originally expected.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. That's all I have.
Operator: Your next question is from Mehdi Hosseini from SIG.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Group: Yeah. It's actually Mehdi Hosseini. Thanks for taking my question. I have couple of follow-ups, and first one is for Mark. We saw earlier this morning another consolidation among the larger customer base. And I want to see how you have factored in the continuing consolidation among your customers into the incremental $0.35 of earning that you expect Semi Test to bring in from 2015 to 2020. And I have a follow-up.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah, it's a good question. First of all, we expect consolidation in our customer base will continue. Now you might think well, if that's happening, there must be some manufacturing efficiencies that can be gained that might depress the test market. But in fact, much of the test industry has already been efficiently consolidated through the outsourcing trends of the past decade. Many of these customers utilize subcontract manufacturers in Asia, in facilities that are already – where multiple customers have consolidated test capacity. So, we don't – have not historically, and don't expect there to be, much of a impact to the test market as a result of the consolidations.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Group: Great. And then a follow-up, along the lines of efficiency in the system, I've seen three consecutive quarters of decline in your backlog, but you're executing really well, and maybe this decline in backlog has more to do with the industrial shorter lead times. In that context, and maybe this is more for Greg, how are you planning to manage your working capital, since the lead time or the backlog is no longer going to be indicative of what the business trend is going to be two, three quarters out?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: We've actually been managing in that scenario for quite some time. In Semi Test, our largest business, we often get the official purchase order four to six weeks before the tests are shipped. Now we're working with customers collaboratively prior, so we're building inventory based upon the signals they're giving us. So we've been at that for a while. If I go to Universal Robots, which is a very quick fulfillment, super quick, there there's only three products. There isn't a whole lot of different configurations or instruments where you can get stuck. So that is a very low obsolescence risk and those products last for a very long time. So we're comfortable in this environment. And over the years periodically we've improved our supply line responsiveness. We've taken days and weeks out and work with our supply chain to do that. We think we're responsive and we don't see any inventory risk. And our charge as compared to others sort of fit with other equipment companies. We're not high. We're probably on the low side. So I think, all told, we're doing okay against the new environment.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Group: Great. And just a quick follow-up, should I assume or is it conservative enough to assume the free cash flow margins are going to average like 15% given how efficient you are with working capital?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: I suppose. I mean our history has been a bit above that, but you could use 15%. That would be a slight decline.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Group: Okay. Well the minimum is 15% and any more efficiency coming in is all upside.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Yes.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna International Group: Okay. Thank you.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Okay. Very good.
Operator: Your next question is from C.J. Muse from Evercore.
C.J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC: Yeah. Good morning, thank you for taking my question. I guess first question, I think auto SOC test peaked around $400 million back in 2014. It sounds like we're in the low $300 million I think this year. A, is that correct and B, how do you think about growth in that segment into 2017?
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah. So C.J. this is Mark. This year we think automotive is probably just south of $400 million where the year is done. And if last year as an example 2015 it might have been closer to $300 million and then the year before that $400 million. So as we look forward we expected it's going to probably follow that trend line we're talking about off of that $400 million base going forward. It'll be $400 million growing at a couple of percent a year.
C.J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC: Okay, very helpful. And then second question on gross margin. As you look at the guide for Q4, is that uplift principally Eagle Test mix? And then looking to 2017 and the new target model can you walk through what's driving that uplift?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: It's simply better mix principally in Semi Test.
C.J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC: Okay and then for 2017 same thing?
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Yes.
C.J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC: Okay.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Our margins, I think you know, C.J. move around based upon mix, whether our large customers buying in volume or depending upon the various segment our margins can move around. But we tend to have this pattern that's continuing that in even years we're at about 54%, and the odd years we do a bit better.
C.J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC: So I guess the interpretation is the change to your target model is an improving mix for you led by auto and the catalog parts over time.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Yes. And we've been beating the model for so long, we just thought we should move the gross margins up, so it's more consistent with where we've been. And we also are likely to put out a bit more OpEx or considerable OpEx behind Universal Robots. So that's the way to fund it with better gross margins that we know we can get.
C.J. Muse - Evercore Group LLC: Makes sense. Thank you.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Okay. And operator, we have time for just one more question, please.
Operator: Okay, your final question is from Stephen Chin from UBS.
Stephen Chin - UBS Securities LLC: Hi, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to follow-up on beating your UR growth target spend (57:21). Maybe give us more color on pipeline or quoting activity that you see that give you confidence growth rate.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah. It's a turns business. So the process typically is lead generation, qualification, close and then some application work to deploy the robot into the factory. All of that can occur within a handful of week period in the quarter. So we track weekly, we're looking at metrics around all of those items to see if we're tracking toward our target and the close rate, the qualification rate and sort of those kind of things. So as we go into fourth quarter if you look at the history, fourth quarter is always a big quarter for UR and all the indications we have right now is that will be true again this year. And that's how we're running it.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: And I'll just add that, we don't have any significant distributors whatsoever. I think our largest distributor is just under 5%, so there's so many different buying locations in different countries and different applications, so it's very disperse. But each regional person has a pipeline to their distributors that they put a probability on and all that math ends up being the forecast.
Stephen Chin - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Mark E. Jagiela - Teradyne, Inc.: Okay, folks, thanks so much for joining us. And for those who are remaining in the queue, I'll reach out to you here after this call. Thanks so much.
Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc.: Thank you.
Gregory R. Beecher - Teradyne, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for participating. At this time you may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew Blanchard - Vice President-Corporate Relations & IR Contact Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer
Analysts: Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co. Karl Ackerman - Cowen & Co. LLC C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Edwin Mok - Needham & Co. LLC Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities Patrick Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Atif Malik - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Sidney Ho - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tia, and I will be the conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Teradyne Q2 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Andrew Blanchard. Sir, please begin.
Andrew Blanchard - Vice President-Corporate Relations & IR Contact: Thank you, Tia. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our CEO, Mark Jagiela; and our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for the second quarter of 2016 and our outlook for the third quarter of this year. The press release containing our second quarter results was issued last evening. We're providing slides on the Investor page of the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussions. Those slides can be downloaded now or you can follow along live. Replay to this call will be available via the same page after the call is over. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release as well as our most recent SEC filings. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we'll make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We've posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, where available, on the Investor page of our website. Also between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne will be participating in investor conferences hosted by Needham & Company, Citi and Deutsche Bank. Now, let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, Mark will comment on our recent results and the market conditions as we enter the third quarter. Greg will then offer more details on our financial results along with our guidance for the third quarter. We'll then answer your questions, and this call is scheduled for one hour. Mark?
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Andy, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'll cover three main topics. The highlights of our second quarter as well as our second half outlook; a reassessment of the near-term LitePoint Wireless Test market, and a closer look at the development at Universal Robots. Greg will then provide additional details including an update on capital returns and the path to our $2.00 per share EPS target. Building on the momentum from Q1, continued strength in Semiconductor Test led to another strong quarter in sales and earnings. Teradyne's second quarter revenues of $532 million were at the highest level in four years. And when combined with Q1, our revenue total of $963 million in the first half was at the highest level in 15 years. Complexity growth in mobile devices continues to drive test time increases that have more than offset slowing unit growth. We are also seeing an increasing number of test seconds devoted not just to weeding out defects, but directed at trimming and optimizing the device to improve performance. In these cases, the tester permanently programs into the device tweaks that enhance accuracy, lower power consumption or tune the part to better meet specifications. This is becoming an economical way for manufacturers to get higher yields from increasingly finicky lithography nodes. In 2016, despite the weak analog and microcontroller test demand, we see the SoC test market in the $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion, or up about 10%, $200 million, from 2015 at the midpoint. We expect to capture about half of that market growth and much of that has already been realized in the first half of the year. If you recall, the SoC tooling ramp for 2016 shifted about one month earlier than normal resulted in a revenue profile that is more first half concentrated. As a result, first half Semiconductor Test shipments are running about $100 million ahead of the first half of last year. In memory test, strength in flash test demand has been more than offset by weak DRAM capacity needs. For the year, we expect the memory test market to be in the $400 million range, down about 20% from 2015, while our shares projected to be up to about 30%. The bright spot in memory test continues to be in the area of higher speed flash interfaces such as universal flash storage or UFS. Higher bandwidth requirements for both SSD and mobile applications have resulted in the growth of new interface standards like UFS, which, in turn, have driven the need for new testers to handle both the bit growth and replace obsolete testers in the field. UFS and similar technologies are at the very early stage of adoption, and production will continue to ramp over the next few years as data speed increases complement density increases. Our Magnum tester has successfully captured early production at four of the five manufacturers of this new class of leading memory technology, leading to our largest quarterly quarters for the Magnum product line. This same Magnum architecture has now proven leadership in all variance of flash testing as well as DRAM wafer probe. Our System Test business continues to perform well, although group sales will likely be down about $20 million on lumpy storage test business, group profits should be up for the year. Universal Robots had a very strong second quarter, and we are on track to meet or exceed our 50% growth target for the year, delivering $90 million to $100 million of revenue for the full year. In fact, through the first six months of 2016, revenue is running over 80% ahead of the same period last year. Second quarter revenue of just over $25 million was more than double the same period a year ago. We continue to invest in distribution, channel partnerships and R&D to maintain a high grade of growth. Our unique combination of deployment ease, safety and low cost continues to resonate across the broad variety of industries and applications. Growth is dependent on increasing velocity through our distribution channels and the growth of system integrators capable of delivering solutions to our targeted small- to medium-size enterprise customers. We plan to stay ahead of the curve in development of these channels to maintain our market lead. I'll come back to one aspect of facilitating this growth at the conclusion of my remarks. At LitePoint, we've been confronted by a further deterioration of the near-term outlook for the wireless production test market. A combination of slowing handset growth and a slowdown of technology adoption are two universal factors causing this decline. This combination of factors lowers our anticipated market size from $400 million to $200 million for 2016 and 2017. Consequently, LitePoint revenue will be likely down, proportionally, resulting in the goodwill and intangible asset impairment charge this quarter. Having enjoyed the surge in revenue and profits in 2012 shortly after our acquisition, we've since seen slowing demand. Although we've gained share all along the way, the market shrink from about $1.2 billion in 2012 to a projected size of about $200 million in 2016 is obviously too large to offset. Up until 2016, profitability both on the ride up and down has been above model. So, we've had good execution on product development, share gains and profitability, but we misread the rate of both unit growth and technology change. We will be restructuring the group for continued profitability going forward in this smaller near-term market, and continue to focus on leadership for the next technology inflection. The next technology inflections in wireless will be millimeter wave, Wi-Fi and 5G cellular. Both will require significant retooling of existing equipment and should produce another surge in the test market. This cycle will likely start in the 2018 period and run with intensity for three years to four years. In the meantime, smaller technology changes due to 802.11ax, IoT, and the increased use of MIMO technologies will provide some stimulus, but the market will likely be in the $200 million to $300 million range up until 2018 when 802.11ad millimeter-wave Wi-Fi should begin to ramp. Finally, returning to Universal Robots, one of the key features of our cobot product has been – that has propelled the market expansion is the ease with which an automation solution can be implemented, much easier than a traditional industrial robot. The first component of ease translates to less time to program or, more accurately, train the cobot, as complex programming languages have been replaced with tablet-based icon-driven instruction as well as hands-on direction of the cobot's arm. People with no programming experience have often been able to train the robot in this fashion in less than an hour. The second component of ease is the inherent safety of the cobot that removes the need for a costly and restrictive enclosure. These ease of deployment features, combined with low cost, results in a fast payback time and opens up automation not only to large enterprises, but also small- to medium-sized enterprises that typically don't have in-house automation expertise. In June of this year, we introduced a new platform approach called Universal Robots Plus, which extends our ease of use advantages to third-party partners. These partners supply add-on products to our Universal Cobot that tailors it to the specific customer application. This includes peripheral products like grippers, actuators, optical guidance, measurement systems and other enhancements. Through Universal Robots Plus, this third party ecosystem can take advantage of software API links that bring their products directly into the same easy-to-use environment that our Cobot enjoys. This further reduces the user's time to solution and time to a positive ROI while enhancing our competitive advantage. So, in summary, our Semi Test, System Test and Universal Robots businesses are performing very well. Complexity increases in semi devices are driving growth in our Semi Test market. System Test is a steady profit contributor, and robust growth in excess of 50% continues at UR. While the dramatic fall of the Wireless Test market is disappointing, we are restructuring our LitePoint business to focus on the next technology waves in connectivity and cellular. Now, I will turn it over to Greg.
Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with some brief comments on the year, then I'll update you on the path to our midterm $2.00 EPS plan. Then, I will cover the second quarter results and third quarter outlook. First, though, let me explain the $338 million non-cash goodwill and intangible asset impairment charge recorded in our Wireless Test segment, which consists of LitePoint, acquired in 2011, along with our much smaller ZTEC acquisition in 2013. This year the Wireless Test market is expected to be down about 50% from last year. There are multiple Wireless Test market headwinds, including a lull in the adoption of new wireless standards, slower smartphone growth rates and, most significantly for us, our large customer, who has oscillated between 51% and 73% of our annual Wireless Test sales, is expected to buy substantially less test equipment as a result of numerous operational efficiencies. So at this point, it's probably safe to assume a contracted Wireless Test market until 2018 when two new Wi-Fi standards should make their way into volume production. This sharp wireless market size reduction, along with our wireless head count action in the second quarter, triggered the impairment review under GAAP, which resulted in the revaluation or write down of our wireless segment goodwill and intangible assets. I should add that we've had other businesses that have faced tough market conditions, such as storage test in 2013 and Semi Test back in 2009, which were both fully renovated back to health and growth. We plan to do the same for our wireless business, which has had a track record of solid execution. So notwithstanding the Wireless Test segment, which will deliver sales about $90 million to $100 million lower than 2005, we're on track to grow both sales and non-GAAP EPS for the total company this year. At the midway point, first half total company sales of $963 million are up 13% from the first six months of 2015. And on the bottom line, non-GAAP EPS totals $0.86, up 23% from the first half of 2015. Universal Robots and Semi Test are driving the top line growth. Starting off with Universal Robots, first half sales were $42 million versus $4 million last year in the first half as we acquired UR in June of last year. On a more important standalone comparison, first half sales are up 82% from the prior first half sales of $23 million. We expect UR to be over $90 million sales this year with an operating profit rate of about 10% as we've upped the investment level for distribution to extend our leadership position. Next year, we'd expect UR to be at approximately 15% operating profit on sequential sales growth of 50% or greater. Our total company model of needing about $390 million in quarterly sales to hit a 15% operating profit remains intact this year despite the added UR OpEx investments. We're also leveraging our supply line resources to lower our cobot material cost. Each material cost savings should be a hedge against inevitable competition so that the cobot gross margins remain in a low 50% range. To date, we haven't seen any meaningful competition as the market for cobot automation is so broad and growing so fast. UR cobots are performing a very long list of dull, dirty and dangerous jobs around the clock. These include machine pending, assembly, pick in place, polishing, gluing, medical processing, food handling, inspection, packaging, welding, materials testing, painting, well, you get the idea. Our first-to-market product lead is now being amplified by a growing ecosystem lead as well. We are growing our distribution pipeline in both quality and vertical coverage across regions so that, as competition increases in the future, our distribution partners will be more experienced, more capable and armed with more proven and lower risk solutions for customers than our competitors' partners. Finally, in terms of Industry 4.0., UR will continue to put control back in the hands of the operator on the floor so that flexible manufacturing can be achieved at lower cost whether for small and medium enterprises or large companies. Shifting now to Semi Test. We're catching the expected mobility buying wave with increasing complexity, driving test intensity up. Despite projected semiconductor unit growth of around 3%, the test market is growing in 2016. Each year, apps processors have more transistors, RF chips have more bands, and devices of all types continue to grow in complexity. This complexity drives higher test times, which, in the past, was masked by improvements in tester productivity. As we've noted before, we see the impact of these productivity improvements for complex mobility devices on a tester market diminishing. In addition, as Mark noted, testers are increasingly used at dynamically tuned devices for optimum performance. These trends are a recipe for solid test demand despite slower semiconductor unit growth. We see these positive trends moving a long-term by rate trend line in the SoC tester market. In memory test, the trend to higher speeds plays into our Magnum sweet spot with our high-frequency, low-cost architecture. We have over 50% of the flash final test market and are well-positioned to benefit from the anticipated NAND growth from the fab investments being made this year. Regarding the market environment, as we have noted before, share was very sticky, with about half of our past gains coming from being aligned to growing segments versus head-to-head competitive battles. Therefore, we will continue to be selective in the segments we target in Semi Test. Shifting to System Test Group, overall, we operate at model profit or better in the first half. While Storage Test will be down from last year on a full year basis, we expected to deliver a model profitability for the year. Defense & Aero is expected to resume growth this year as the multi-year sequestrations have ended, and Production Board Test is gaining traction with our dual head, high proof of solutions particularly in the growing Automotive-Electronic segment. I'll now comment on the $2.00 non-GAAP EPS midterm plan. If you recall, our 2015 non-GAAP EPS was $1.27. So, starting from that point, we'll need to grow earnings at about 10% annually to achieve $2.00 in 2020 or sooner. This EPS growth should come from three main contributors, Semi Test, Industrial Automation and capital return. In Semi Test, where we have historically done well gaining share very selectively, market contraction has offset some of these gains yielding very little growth. Going forward, we expect the trends noted earlier to result in a zero to 2% trend line market growth over the midterm assuming a 3% to 5% unit growth. We'll still see some even year, odd year swings in market size, but these swings are moderating with complexity, advancing more steadily. This, combined with annual continued share gains of about a point should contribute about $0.35 of EPS growth in our $2.00 EPS plan. Much of our Semi Test growth will be offshore and taxed at our low Singapore tax rate. At Universal Robots, we expect the cobot market and UR continue to grow at 50% plus annually over the midterm sooner to what we have seen over the last several years. Rising labor cost, high turnover and a shortage of workers in places like China combined with a fast ROI should drive ongoing UR growth and contribute about $0.30 towards EPS growth. This growth will be taxed at about 22% as the IP is in Denmark. There is also significant upside to this estimate given the third-party report that pegged the cobot market size at $3 billion plus by 2020. If I conservatively assume a market half this size, $1.5 billion, and assume our share drops from 60% to 40%, that's about $600 million in sales for Teradyne, far above what we've included in the $2.00 EPS plan. The remaining $0.08 should come from our continue return of capital through share buybacks fronted by a strong annual free cash flow and some incremental growth in our other test businesses. Shifting back to the company level, we paid $12 million in dividends and used $29 million to buy back 1.5 million shares at an average price of $19.78 in the second quarter. This leaves us with $143 million remaining under our $500 million stock repurchase authorization. Our cash and marketable securities total $1.1 billion, up $131 million from the end of the first quarter. We have $438 million in the U.S. and the balance is offshore. I should quickly point out that an increasing portion of our annual cash generation will be offshore. This year, it's expected to be about 80%. We'll continue to report this increasing foreign mix as it factors into capital allocation. Now, a reminder on our 2016 capital allocation plans. We plan to buy back a minimum of $100 million and up to $200 million of our shares while returning about $50 million in dividends to shareholders. As to our M&A strategy, several years ago, we concluded that we could secure long-term growth with far less volatility in certain high-growth white spaces, such as Collaborative Robots, while also returning significant capital. That was the shift we executed on in 2015. As the leader in automated test equipment, or ATE, we went down the A, or automation, path as we didn't see any attracted T, or test, companies available and many of our electronic customers were asking for help in automation. This customer pull in the broad applications for Cobots in many different industries is what attracted us to the market leader Universal Robots. Moving now to the details of the second quarter, our sales were $532 million, gross margins were 53%. The non-GAAP operating profit rate was 23% and non-GAAP EPS was $0.55. We had one 10% customer in the quarter. You'll see our non-GAAP operating expenses were $158 million, up $5 million from the first quarter due to higher variable compensation accruals on increased profit levels and the continued expansion of UR's distribution programs. Total OpEx in the second quarter was up from a year ago second quarter, $5 million in total, which consists of the inclusion of Universal Robots OpEx now running at $11 million a quarter. Net of cost reductions in our test businesses. We expect our full-year OpEx, excluding Universal Robots, to be down and UR's full OpEx will grow year-on-year to the $40 million range (22:04). We plan to keep spending flat to slightly trending down in our test businesses in the aggregate and to increase Universal Robots spending particularly in distribution to span out our coverage and stay in the 50% or greater growth trajectory. Moving to the segment level detail, Semi Test bookings were $391 million with demand principally driven by mobility, SoC test orders were $3 million to $38 million, and memory test orders were $53 million. Memory test orders were flash driven, Semi Test service orders were $73 million of the total. Semi Test sales were $435 million in the second quarter, with SoC making up $394 million and memory test the balance. Semi Test service revenue totaled $57 million in the quarter. Moving to System Test, orders were $30 million in the quarter and sales were $49 million. Shifting to Wireless Test, we booked $23 million and shipped $22 million in the second quarter. As previously outlined, a significant decrease in buying from a large customer and slowing smartphone growth rates created a difficult demand environment. At UR, orders in the second quarter were $26 million and sales were $25 million. Sales for the third quarter is expected to be between $375 million and $405 million, and the non-GAAP EPS range is $0.23 to $0.30 on 204 million diluted shares. Q3 guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles. The third quarter gross margin should run about 55%, up from the second quarter, due to improved mix, and total OpEx should run from 38% to 40%. The operating profit rate at the midpoint of our third quarter guidance is about 16%. Shifting to taxes, our full year tax rate is expected to be about 13%, down from prior guidance of 17%, due to a higher mix of offshore profits where we have favorable tax rates. At the midway point of the year, sales and non-GAAP earnings are up from the first halves of both last year and the last even year, 2014, driven by our alignment of the high growth segments and SoC tests, and the addition of Universal Robots. Combined with solid performance from our Memory Test and System Test groups, we expect growth this year despite the headwinds facing our Wireless Test business. We remain committed to our balanced capital allocation strategy of both returning capital to owners as well as prosecuting our M&A pipeline very selectively, with an emphasis on automation, and remain on a path to $2.00 of annual EPS by 2020 or earlier. Thank you. I turn the call back over to Andy.
Andrew Blanchard - Vice President-Corporate Relations & IR Contact: Thanks, Greg, and, Tia, we'd now like to take some questions. And as a reminder, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up.
Operator: The first question will come from Toshiya Hari with Goldman Sachs.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, good morning. My first question is on UR. You talked about operating margins potentially improving from 10% this year to I think you said 15% in 2017. Is that primarily a function of OpEx as a percentage of sales coming down from 2016 or is it more a function of potential gross margin expansion or both?
Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: This is Greg. It's a function of OpEx growing slower next year than what it grew this year. We grew OpEx quite significantly this year purposely to get further ahead in distribution and at a stronger ecosystem. We don't need to continue with that same aggressive step-up next year. We would expect gross margins to be about the same next year. We've got some actions to lower material cost, but we're going to assume for now that that will offset any competition we see. And we see the sales growth very high, so the higher sales growth will – and modest OpEx increases next year will end us – should end us close to the 15% target. And you might recall when we bought Universal Robots, they were running at about 15%; but again this year, we want to get further ahead in distribution.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, great. And then, my follow up is on Semi Test. I realize predicting 2017 at this point is difficult, if not impossible, but what are your thoughts on the on/off or odd/even dynamic going into 2017? Are there any fundamental or structural changes that could potentially allow 2017 to be an on year?
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I'll take that one. So, you're right, it's very difficult to call 2017 this far away. It's sometimes difficult even in the year, but there are a few things worth noting, I think. On the memory side, this year is quite a bit lower than it has been running in the past several years. There's a lot of tooling going on around R&D in pilot production for these high speed interface non-volatile memories. And it could be that if widespread adoption in mobile devices happens next year that the memory market would not only snapback to a $500 million level, but could be a $600 million level. So, that depends on close in decisions in mobility device makers in terms of rate of adoption, which we wouldn't see yet, but that's something that's certainly more probable than it's been in any of the past five years. On the SoC side, what Greg mentioned about complexity growth is true. We're seeing that the test time increases due to both complexity and something I alluded to, which is more of this sort of performance tuning algorithms that are being run on the tester, will moderate some of the even/odd swings we've seen in prior years. I think there may still be a bit of that, but it could very well be less steep than we've seen in the past.
Toshiya Hari - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Very helpful, thank you so much.
Operator: The next question will come from Timothy Arcuri with Cowen & Co.
Karl Ackerman - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. This is Karl Ackerman on for Timothy. If I may, I'd like to address the Wireless Test business. When I think about the short term disruptions in the Wireless Test base versus the long-term opportunity, how do you guys frame that up in your mind? Obviously, you've talked about the issues that are driving the market this year, and even next year. But with that in mind, how do you think about the long-term reward to live with some of the short-term volatility in that market, particularly as it seems this business is now losing money and remains highly competitive?
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, so, what we said earlier around the near-term outlook, which is the rest of this year even extending into next year, is that the rate of technology change in cellular and in connectivity looks to be quite low. However, millimeter-wave technology, 28-gigahertz up through 70-some odd gigahertz, opening up that band for both backhaul and mobile device applications is the next tooling wave. Now, it's a bit of a judgment as to when that will start. We're currently thinking that's 2018 for WiFi and more like 2020 for cellular, and that will result in another round of tooling surge in the market. So if you recall, I mentioned that back in 2012, the tooling surge peaked at a $1.2 billion market for cellular and WiFi combined, down to $200 million now; huge volatility, huge swing. The next phase of this, we don't believe, will get back to that $1.2 billion level. There's – because that $1.2 billion level was a combination of both technology and unit growth, but it could very well get the market back up in the $600 million, $700 million range for that wave across that several year horizon. So, that's how we're thinking about it. We still have very strong products, gross margin, differentiation, but just a very anemic environment. So, we will be focusing on that next technology wave.
Karl Ackerman - Cowen & Co. LLC: Got it. And if I may, just to ask one follow-up, looking at your guidance for the third quarter looks like margins imply they tick higher by about 200 basis points. Is that all related to Wireless Test, because I think you're margins have fallen seasonally seven of the last 10 times, Q2 to 3Q, or are there other things impacting the mix there as we look into Q3?
Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: No, it's not really Wireless Test. Wireless Test is down $100 million for the year. So, they're not a meaningful contributor to the top line or affecting margins quarter-to-quarter-to-quarter. What really is happening is – we've talked about our large customer, a concentrated buyer, and a lot of those tests are shipped earlier in the year. And obviously, for a large customer, the pricing is different than for other customers. And those systems were pulled in and shipped largely through the second quarter, so now we're going back to a more normal mix.
Karl Ackerman - Cowen & Co. LLC: Understood, thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from C.J. Muse with Evercore.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I guess, first question, I think, Greg, I'm not sure if I heard correctly, but did you say that you expected revenues to grow year-on-year here in calendar 2016? And I guess as part of that, how should we be thinking about the contribution from LitePoint?
Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Yes, we expect revenues to grow year-on-year, but LitePoint will be down anywhere $100 million neighborhood. So, it's down considerably; their market cut in half from $400 million to $200 million. So this is the opposite of what we saw a couple of years ago. And this can happen when you have a very large customer with 50%-plus concentration. You can get swung around quite severely. So, in the short term, we're going to remodel or renovate LitePoint and prioritize where we place our bets. But we have with other businesses; we'll get this one back on health and focus towards growth opportunities, and that's what we need to do as an operator of Wireless Test.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: Great, and I guess the second question, in terms your gross margin guide roughly up 200 bits Q-on-Q. You alluded to mix shift there. Is there also savings from the write down of LitePoint or is this really more of moving away from mobility into microcontroller, core analog et cetera.
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's simply mix in Semi Test, is the piece because of a large concentrated buyer is taking most of their testers earlier in the year, Q1, Q2, so now we're back to normal mix. If you guys looked at our mix sometimes in – back in time, we used to talk about 54%, 56%. We'd bounced back and forth, whether we had an even or an odd year, because even year, we had the large concentrated buying. That got thrown off last year with the leases. But generally speaking, we have a very large concentrated buyer that pulls the margins down. When they're not buying in a particular quarter, we get back to a more normalized margin.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: Well, I guess, the question is, are there savings that can accrue to the gross margin line, gross profit line, as you are looking to, I guess, reduce the footprint of LitePoint?
Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: They could, but I wouldn't expect those to be significant, C.J. I mean, LitePoint has very strong gross margins even with all these headwinds. They have excellent product differentiation but the market headwinds are so strong. So, it's a – I mean, there might be a little bit, but the margins are very healthy. So, I think the opportunities on LitePoint are more on OpEx.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: Okay, make sense. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Krish Sankar with BoAML.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Hi, I have two quick questions. One is, can you characterize the NAND solid state drive test opportunity you see over the next couple of years? And would that flow through both your, I think, your storage test and your memory test business? And then I had a follow-up.
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. So the extent that applications for NAND or non-volatile memories grow, it universally helps our memory test business, and that's an area of strength for us in flash, especially these new high-speed flash interfaces. As it relates to the SSD itself, the unit, that one's a nascent market still. It's been roughly 20%, 25% of our Storage Test business the past few years. And we are hopeful that that would, at some point here, start to move north. But at least for the most recent, let's say, two-year to three-year period, it's been steady at about that level. And so the real question will be, as more enterprise applications of SSDs grow, which tend to have higher capacities, higher test times – longer test times, will we see the market start to trend there. But right now, it's, I'd say, still a pretty small piece of a market and piece of our business.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Got it. And then I think I missed the earlier comment. Did you guys say, in calendar 2017, your SoC test revenues would grow or the SoC test market will grow? I forgot – I'm sorry, I didn't catch that comment.
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We didn't talk about 2017, we didn't give numbers. I think the question was – that was asked was, do we expect 2016 to be up from 2015. And we said, yes, 2016 should be up from 2015 even with the Wireless headwinds, Wireless being down $100 million.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So what about – do you have any view...
Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: On 2017?
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah, on 2017, given that the usual odd year, but looks like there are some positive in terms of test time and like advanced packaging.
Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Right. I'll let Mark to take that – took a crack at that earlier one.
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. What I said earlier was in memory, there's definitely some upside next year. And I mentioned that going back to $500 million market is – looks pretty good, and we could be as high as $600 million depending on the rate of adoption and mobility of some of these new flash technologies. And in SoC, we certainly see moderation in the even-odd year cycle because of complexity growth giving us more test time plus parallelism, as well as this performance tuning aspect of the testers. So, I gave a range of the market, 2:1 to 2:5, (37:37) kind of, but beyond that it's just too early to narrow it.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it, very helpful. Thank you, guys.
Operator: The next question will come from Edwin Mok with Needham.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Co. LLC: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. So, first question, on the prepared remarks, you mentioned something about the analog and microcontroller market is down this year. Can you give us some color on that and where you guys stand with (38:06) product?
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. So, both of those markets are relatively weak compared to prior period like this, and our market share and our product position there is very strong. So it turns out we are disproportionally impacted if those are soft markets and we're disproportionally benefit when they strengthen. So, the issues – there was some significant tooling last year in power, linear. We had a very strong year there. So I think this year, in that aspect, there's been some digestion. In MCU, it's really just low growth. The end pull-through demand for MCUs seems to just be at the moment flat line. There is some expectation that applications in IOT would propel growth of MCUs and MCUs with embedded RF, and that's something we've bet on, it's something we've got a good product position for, but it's not a market that's truly taken off yet. So last year, big year in power, this year, down. MCU is kind of flat year-over-year but running below the trend line.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then on UR, I think you guys said that you expect your revenue to be somewhere around $90 million to $100 million this year. If I do the math on the first half of the year, and I picked the midpoint of that, that's probably a 6% growth in the second half from the first half. That seems pretty slow given the loss you – I think you guys are 60% in first half to second half. And can you give us some color why there is a deceleration of growth or am I reading too much into that number?
Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Yeah. I'll take the part of that. The Universal Robots' Cobot 3 was introduced kind of midyear last year. So, we're comparing against the six-month period in 2015, and there was a very small amount of UR3 cobot sales. So a new market was opened up, this tabletop UR3 market. Now, that market we had sales in the second half of 2015. So I think the growth in the second half of the year relative to the year-ago period. But for the year, we would expect to be 50% plus growth.
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And I think in other – we did in the first half of the year about $42 million of sales in UR. And so, to get to $90 million, we're talking about $48 million in the second; and to get to $100 million, we'll be talking $58 million. And at this point, that looks very doable, and there's certainly – given the growth we saw from Q1 to Q2, there is certainly upside to that as well. But at the moment, that's how we're modeling the second half.
Edwin Mok - Needham & Co. LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Farhan Ahmad with Credit Suisse.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks for taking my question. My first question is just regarding your long-term model. Thanks for providing with details around on the $2 target. Now, if I look back at your revenue and EPS in 2010, you already have like $2 of EPS back in 2010, and since then, your revenue has grown basically low single digits from 2010, but the OpEx has gone up by like 40% to 50%. So as – and if I look at like every even year to even year, your operating margins are declining. So, if I think in that context, like, why is there not more focus on cutting your OpEx and using that to drive earnings growth, and it doesn't seem to me like the strategy that you have going forward is very dramatically different from what you had for the last five years, which was acquiring companies outside of Semi Test and driving growth through that. So, if you could just talk about, like, why is that operating model not expected to be like higher profitability just from, like, why is the OpEx so high related to your revenues right now and why shouldn't the operating margins be higher?
Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Okay, good question. Let me take that one. Our operating margins are non-GAAP operating profit. The last three to five years has averaged 19% to 21%. This year, we'll be close to that. Now, you mentioned 2010, 2010, our operating profit was 28%. Now, keep in mind, 2010 was the year after many companies had very severe cutting in 2009, and it was questionable what the world would look like down the road. So, we cut very deep in 2009, and therefore, in truth, 2010 had a lot of makeup revenues and also a very low cost structure that we had. But back in 2010, we also lowered engineering quite a bit. We lowered a whole bunch of other cost. And frankly, we were operating at very healthy profits in 2011, 21%; 2012, 23%, but we have to also factor in what is our major competitor doing. Our major competitor at the same time was operating with very, very, very low profits, so we had to put some defenses or put more money back in R&D so that we could continue our leadership. So, there's a real kind of challenge that, as much as we'd want to get profits, mid-20s or something like that, we can't do that at the risk of opening up various accounts. So, part of our efficiencies, while they're very good compared to peers, we're always looking to improve them further, but sometimes we're constrained but what the other guy is doing, how much he's investing in R&D, how many apps people (44:26) he has at various accounts. So, I hope that helps to answer your question. The other thing, I think, different going forward is we talked about the other market had been declining for a long time period. We see that changing. So, we're going to continue on our same playbook that is gaining share, but that share gain didn't necessarily help us because the market declined, but thank God we got it. But had we not gotten it, it would have been a terrible story. But for us, they would grow earnings, so we finally have a market that's not declining, and it's plus – neutral to 2% or somewhere around there. That's a big change for us year after year after year.
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And one other thing I would add is, as Greg mentioned, we have turned the corner on OpEx in our core businesses. If you look at this year, our core businesses, OpEx will be down. UR, the new opportunity, with high growth is up. But across the next several years, we do expect OpEx improvement in our core businesses. That is part of the equation here.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it, thank you. And then one question related to the Wireless Test, why are you so sure that there's no (45:32) trading in 2017? Is there any chance that you (45:48) for next year?
Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: We're not entirely certain, but we want to be cautious with this community, because if it comes earlier, great. But we don't think – our guess is there will not be large volume production buying. If there is, that will be good news; but we just want to be cautious.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it, thank you. That's all I have.
Operator: The next question will come from Weston Twigg with Pacific Crest Securities
Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you could just remind us what your memory exposure is between NAND and DRAM? And then, more specifically, just wondering with the big ramp in 3D NAND this year and next year and the potential for very high big growth next year, why maybe you're not a little bit more bullish on the memory test market?
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, were heavily concentrated in flash versus DRAM. I think on a revenue breakdown, we're probably 80%/20% this year toward non-volatile. So, that's the first part. Second part is next year could be a big year. So, I mentioned it could go from $400 million this year to $600 million next year. That's, on a percentage basis, a pretty big jump over 2015 and, on a normalized $500 million basis, a 20% bump. That's a rough bogey, but what would drive that? It would be a majority of cellphones adopting these high-speed interfaces. The bit rate growth is certainly one thing, but we've been in a high bit rate growth environment in NAND for many, many years and that's yielded this stasis of about a $500 million Memory market. The interface change is the real interesting technology shift here and the adoption of that is the wild card for next year. If it doesn't happen next year, it will be the year after. So, it's coming. It's hard to call next year.
Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay, that's really helpful. And then, the other question I had was in Wireless Testing and I know you're talking about the market coming down quite a bit, but how can you be so confident that you haven't simply lost some market share? I think you've said that you're fairly confident that you've continued to gain market share in Wireless Test.
Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: We have good relationships at the major buyers and we see who's getting what. And what really has happened this year – I mean, mathematically, this year we will lose market share because our large customer, where we have high market share, is buying a lot less. So, mathematically, this will probably be the only year we lose market share, but that's because we're in a – with one customer very tightly and all the factors that we've talked earlier, including operational efficiencies, are playing out in that account in this year.
Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Patrick Ho with Stifel Nicolaus.
Patrick Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you very much. Mark, in terms of the increasing capital intensity trends that you're seeing on the mobility side of Semi Test, I kind of understand from the complexity of the devices and the higher test times, how do you see that, I guess, thesis or trend migrating to other devices, whether it's analog, microcontrollers? Is that still some time away when they reach that kind of inflection point when complexity for them requires increasing testers?
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, it is, frankly. The things that drive – the complexity growth tends to be centered on large digital content devices and their peripheral devices. And lower lithography nodes enable that and also create this larger, let's say, process variance equation that have to be solved with this other trend I mentioned, which is more extensive trimming and optimizing the part it tests for performance. So all of that gets concentrated around some lithography node migration and growth of transistor count. In analog and in MCUs, really, there hasn't been as quick of a migration to lower lithography nodes and more transistor counts. So, it's a slower trend line there.
Patrick Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And then, maybe as a follow up to that question, at some point you will reach that kind of balance, once again, on the mobility side where your enhanced tester performances will meet some of the complex tester capabilities. What kind of runway do you see right now in terms of this change that you're seeing where the tester buys may increase? Is this kind of a two-year to three-year phenomena, or is this something that can last a little bit longer?
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I don't think this is an issue of the tester will catch up. It's really, will – the question is how long will the transistor growth continue in these devices, because the transistor growth and the lower lithography node migration are the two key factors. So, certainly, over the next – how far – we have visibility on that at best 18 months out. We have roadmap information to suggest it could go another three years to four years beyond that. But, frankly, after that, nobody – our customers don't have a lot of clarity there. So, I would say pretty good certainties over the next couple of years, reasonable, maybe three years to four years, and after that we're really speculating.
Patrick Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great, that's really helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Stephen Chin with UBS.
Unknown Speaker: Good morning. This is Neil (51:38) on for Stephen. My first question is about the $2.00 EPS target. You said about $0.35 of this will come from Semi Test. Can you give us an idea of how much of this will be SSD and how much will be upside from Memory?
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The majority is SoC test. The SoC test is a larger market. We have higher share there. So, that's where we see the significant majority of it coming from.
Unknown Speaker: All right, thank you. If I could have a follow-up related to future M&A, after the goodwill write down in the Wireless segment, does this change your approach to future M&A at all?
Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: As I mentioned in some of my comments, a couple of years ago we did shift our M&A focus to the A in automated test. We saw automation as a better place for us to get new growth because there are markets, such as collaborative robots, where there is very broad applications and there's many different industries. So, it's basically the opposite of Wireless Test where you had a 50% plus customer and we didn't see a competitive landscape at this point. It's sort of a new white space. So we are looking much more towards automation because we see automation can work next to our testers whether it's a Wireless Test, Storage Test, our Printed Circuit Board, but then automation next for the (53:15) tester is a small part of the automation market. So we like that factor, too.
Unknown Speaker: All right, thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Atif Malik with Citigroup.
Atif Malik - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi, thanks for taking my questions. The first question, understand the concentration with the customer on Wireless Test side. So even if the units are up year-over-year next year and the standards, I understand, are difficult to call, even if the units are up next year, you would expect the Wireless Test opportunity to be down next year?
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Look, it's hard to be precise, but if you – it depends – our units up, we'll get to those units, there's a lot of factors, what's going out with test time, what can be further down with operational efficiencies. So it's less clear. But we, at this point, just want to signal that we would expect probably a flat market with this year, next year. We may be surprised, there may be upside because units are up with a new product, and that would be wonderful. But at this moment, we'd just rather be cautious in terms of what is – what we have high confidence in in the next 24 months.
Atif Malik - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then the follow-up, can you help us quantify the opportunities of advanced packaging side? And if you could just pan out (54:38) these new packages? If we just look at – if we can zoom in on that opportunity, what kind of growth are you expecting this year over last year? And then what should we be thinking about the adoption of these packages year-over-year for next year?
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. So, there is a variety of advanced package types. But in general, that change or that shift is a relatively small component of what we see driving the business. It does inflate the tester demand for a small class of devices by maybe 10% because of complexity issues with that package as well as some efficiency of parallelism with that package. But it's still, we're talking about 10%-ish of the market. So, even as it proliferates into other types of devices and other manufacturers, I don't think that's going to be a key driver, whether it happens quickly or slowly to our business. The main key driver is this complexity, growth, the reduction of the impact of parallelism and this performance tuning aspect of the devices.
Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Okay. Operator, we'll take our next question, please.
Operator: Yes, sir, the next question will come from Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank.
Sidney Ho - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks for taking my question. Related to the SoC test for – this is for next quarter. How much conservatism do you think you have built in to specific guidance? Because if I look at your past five years on average, your orders in the previous quarter in 2Q translates to about 100% of revenue the following quarter. Is there something unique this quarter that is different or is there a seasonality factor that we should consider?
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, yeah, the key seasonality or core issue this year is that everything has been shifted by about a month. And because our revenue swings can be 2x from the trough to the peak, it has a significant impact at the quarter boundaries. So, a little bit of what traditionally would have been third quarter orders and shipments moved into second quarter orders and shipments this year than in the past several years.
Sidney Ho - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, that's helpful. Going back to the LitePoint side of things, you talked about LitePoint had pro forma – In the past, you talked about LitePoint had pro forma operating margin similar to corporate average but obviously at a much lower revenue level. Today, margins have to be low and probably a loss. What can you do to get your margins back to your targets on a pro forma basis? Is it just growing your revenue into it or there is some OpEx reduction that's left to be done?
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Historically, LitePoint has had higher gross margins than the company's average. I think of LitePoint more as a software business with hardware but heavy software content. So, they've had very good gross margins, always have. Where gross margins have been under pressure a little bit is cellular, but when you put the whole thing back together, the gross margins are strong at LitePoint. Where we see the opportunity to get the operating margin back to health, and by the way, the operating margin, after the OpEx, has been above our 15% target ever since we bought LitePoint. So, historically, it's done well. So, what we now need to do is look at our OpEx and make some priority changes in terms of what programs, what technologies, what accounts, what are we going to pursue because it's strategically fits our strength in what do we not do. So, we've got an exercise underway to figure out how we reposition Wireless Test or LitePoint back to health and growth.
Sidney Ho - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Maybe, just to clarify, so in your Q3 guidance which you implied now with roughly $5 million to $6 million, should we expect a more step down with OpEx from the LitePoint business going forward, or is that the right revenue of the OpEx spacing to drive growth from here?
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We will be trimming LitePoint expense going forward. When it hits numbers, probably hits the numbers in the fourth quarter, but we would look to trend those expenses so we could have a healthier business.
Sidney Ho - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And, operator, we have time to just sneak in one more quick one if you could, please.
Operator: Yes, sir. The final question is a follow-up from C.J. Muse with Evercore.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: Thank you. Just a quick question, how should we be thinking about the tax rate going into calendar 2017 and 2018?
Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Yeah. That's a good question because it's getting pretty tricky, the tax rate. We have a mix of businesses that have very different tax rates. And you can see what can happen in a year like this year where LitePoint, our U.S. business, is down. Semi Test is doing quite well. Universal Robots is growing, that all pulls our rate down. So, one, it's sort of a good news-bad news. Our tax rate has gone down considerably to about 13% this year. We are doing work to kind of figure out what is it long-term when you normalize the businesses. But our rate probably will be closer to 19%, 20% on a long-term basis, perhaps less than what we thought earlier because we're finding more and more of our profits are offshore.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: And in long term, you're referring to 2017, or that's further out?
Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: I'm referring to 2017 to 2020, C.J. And 2017, I could be a little surprised, if it's possible looks like this, but I think LitePoint will healthier next year, and that's U.S. income.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: Got you. Great. Thanks so much.
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thank you, everyone. This concludes this call and we appreciate your interest to Teradyne and look forward to talk to you down the road.
Andrew Blanchard - Vice President-Corporate Relations & IR Contact: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andy Blanchard – Vice President-Corporate Relations, Investor Relations Mark Jagiela – Chief Executive Officer Greg Beecher – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Krish Sankar – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Tim Arcuri – Cowen and Company Mehdi Hosseini – Susquehanna Financial Group Steven Chin – UBS Farhan Ahmad – Credit Suisse Patrick Ho – Stifel Nicolaus Weston Twigg – Pacific Crest Securities David Duley – Steelhead Securities LLP Sidney Ho – Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good morning. My name is Amy, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Teradyne Q1 2016 earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Blanchard, you may begin your conference.
Andy Blanchard: Thank you, Amy. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne’s most recent financial results. I’m joined this morning by our CEO, Mark Jagiela, and our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks, we will provide details of our performance for the first quarter of 2016 and our outlook for the second quarter of this year. The press release containing our first-quarter results was issued last evening. We are providing slides on investor page of the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion. Those slides can be downloaded now, or you can follow along live. Replays of this call will be available after the call via the same page after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne’s results to differ materially from Management’s current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release, as well as our most recent SEC filings. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today’s call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We’ve posted additional information concerning those non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, where available, on the investor page of our website. Also, between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne will be participating in investor conferences hosted by Cowan, Craig-Hallum, Credit Suisse, and Stifel Nicolaus. Now let’s get on with the rest of the agenda. First, Mark will comment on our recent results and the market conditions as we enter the second quarter. Greg will then offer more details on our quarterly financial results, along with our guidance for the second quarter. We’ll then answer your questions, and this call is scheduled for one hour. Mark?
Mark Jagiela: Thanks, Andy, and good morning everyone. In my prepared remarks today, I’ll cover three main topics. The highlights of our first quarter, the outlook for the remainder of 2016, and some thoughts on our longer-term direction at Teradyne in the context of industry trends we are observing. First, we are off to a very good start in 2016, with our highest Q1 sales since the first quarter of 2001. Sales were up over $100 million, or 37%, when compared to the Q1 average of the last three years, driven by strength in semiconductor test and the added contribution of Universal Robots. Higher revenue also drove our highest Q1 earnings since 2011. As we discussed last call, strong orders in semi-test in the fourth quarter of 2015 have resulted in a more level loaded tooling cycle for this year’s capacity expansion in mobility test. As a result, when compared to recent periods, we expect to see less revenue volatility in the first three quarters of the year. As a result of the fourth-quarter pull-ins, total Company orders for the first quarter softened 25% from Q4. However, if we look at the six-month Q4/Q1 period, orders were up about $90 million, or 11%, from the comparable period in 2014 and 2015. Furthermore, first-half revenue at the midpoint of our guidance will be up about $100 million, or 12%, from the first halves of 2014 and 2015. So I will again emphasize that what we are seeing in our order patterns is a welcome shift to a more orderly, more efficient, and less lumpy shipment stream. In semiconductor test, mobile products continue to power SOC demand. On the one hand, while the slowing growth of semiconductor units is a bit of a headwind in the current environment, other underlying drivers of test demand are operating in full force. Increasing test times from growing device complexity and the reduced impact of parallel test are tailwinds for us, going forward. We’re also seeing an added lift from the adoption of more advanced packaging technologies, as well. In analog test, we’re seeing a step up in Eagle demand from the low levels of the second half of 2015. Similarly, J750 demand is beginning to grow off a soft 2015 second half. Memory test is also seeing strong demand despite the challenging environment, as technology bus for increasing NAND flash bus speeds continues. Additionally, 2015 design wins in DRAM wafer test have added a new revenue stream to our memory business. In systems test, total orders were down sequentially on light storage test demand. But excluding storage test, orders were up about 5% sequentially and up over 40% from the first quarter of 2015. Production Board test demand remained solid in the quarter, driven by growing success in the automotive sector, and in defense and aerospace. Our AIT module instrument business saw strong demand for serial bus instruments from defense contractors. Storage test orders will continue to remain lumpy on a quarterly basis, due to its narrow customer base. At LitePoint, the industry-wide slowdown in wireless test demand resulted in softer orders and shipments for the first quarter. Despite the overall slowdown, a bright spot was improved demand for our modular instruments used in Wi-Fi and cellular RF front-end component characterization. These modular instruments share the same measurement technology with our LitePoint system level production testers, easing device correlation and shortening time-to-market for new wireless products. Universal Robots had a very good quarter, with sales growth of 58%, to $16.7 million from the 1Q period of 2015. We are also beginning to see the start of UR revenue synergies with Teradyne systems test and LitePoint customers. As noted at the time of acquisition, sales cycles for these large customers tend to be long, as the evaluation periods can last 9 to 12 months. I should also remind everyone that UR sales tend to peak in the fourth quarter of each year, and that our objective is to maintain a minimum 50% annual growth rate in this business. Of particular note, Q1 sales in China nearly tripled year over year, and we expect this market to become the largest cobot consumer in 2018 and beyond. Before turning to the rest of 2016, I want to comment on the earthquakes that hit Kumamoto, Japan earlier this month. As you may know, we have engineering production and support operations in Kumamoto, and the second and larger earthquake was centered very near our facility. Thankfully, no employees or their families were injured in the quake, but our facility suffered heavy damage and we are temporarily transferring some operations to other facilities in Japan and elsewhere while we work to restore full operations at the Kumamoto facility. We do not expect any material impact to our shipments in the quarter. Looking at the full year, the outlook for our end markets remains unchanged from the January call. Semiconductor test is expected to be in the $2.1 billion to $2.5 billion range for SOC test, driven by mobility and automotive demand. The familiar year off, year on pattern is progressing again this year, with the market up 10% at the midpoint of our estimated range. High-end SOC test demand for mobile products is driving the market early in the year, and given past buying patterns, there is potential for microcontroller and analog to contribute more meaningfully in the latter half of the year. In memory, we expect a $500 million market, unchanged from our January outlook. In systems test, we expect storage test to slow this year after a very strong 2015. After more than doubling in sales last year to about $90 million, we expect to see storage test sales in the range of $60 million to $80 million in 2016. For the remainder of systems test, we expect our production board test and defense businesses to look very similar in 2015, with some modest upside potential from our expanding product lineup. The wireless test market is expected to remain in the $400 million to $500 million range this year, but trending toward the low end of the range. The incremental changes in wireless technology in 2016 have not offset the decline in unit growth rates. New Wi-Fi standards, such as 802.11ad, will roll out over the next few years, which will open up new spectrum and require new tooling of test equipment. The cobot market is not tracked with the level of third-party detail that we see in semi-test, but based on our analysis, we pegged the market at between $150 million to $200 million for 2016. This is up from about $100 million in 2015, and we expect UR to grow at or above the market rate. With a solid core and an efficient operating model in place, we are able to look at the longer term and our strategy for growth. We have positioned the Company to serve attractive markets well aligned to long-term global trends. Semiconductors and electronic systems provide the building blocks needed to address worldwide challenges in energy, environment, health care, transportation, productivity, entertainment, and much more. These systems, increasingly connected to sensors and wireless communications, are exploding in complexity and we’re providing the test solutions that ensure they operate as designed. With the addition of Universal Robots, we are now even more directly enabling the global transition to advanced automation, sometimes called Industry 4.0, one of the biggest transformations in industrial production ever experienced. We are at the very earliest stages of this transformation that should propel industry for decades to come. Already, the Universal Robots cobot innovation of enabling safe, easy to deploy automation with a quick ROI is reaching a broad range of industries and geographies. Industries as broad as food and agriculture, electronics, automotive, apparel, machining, pharma, and chemistry, and many others, are adopting cobots to improve quality and efficiency. Put this all together and we see a cobot market that will continue to grow at a greater than 50% per year rate, creating a $1 billion plus market by 2020. We’ve also noted third parties that have pegged the market at over $3 billion in 2020 and over $6 billion in 2025. UR’s easy-to-use software, allowing quick deployment and equally quick redeployment, combined with its safety and operational performance, have established us as the clear leader in this market, with about a 60% share. As Greg will note shortly, we’re making the investments in UR necessary to extend this lead. Additionally, we continue to explore selective M&A investments to further capitalize on our position and extend our lead. Of course, the share repurchase and dividend portion of the capital allocation strategy remains firmly in place. I’ll now turn it over to Greg for the financial details on the quarter and our outlook for the second quarter.
Greg Beecher: Thanks, Mark, and good morning everyone. I will start with some brief comments on the start to the year, our 2016 key goals, and then I’ll cover the first-quarter results and second-quarter outlook. 2016 is off on very solid footing, with first-quarter sales of $431 million, up 26% from the first quarter of a year ago and up 34% from the first quarter of two years ago. Our expanded semi-test market share position, coupled with rising mobility tester demand, and the more recent addition of Universal Robots in the fast-growing cobot space, have us well positioned for growth in 2016. We have worked very hard to position ourselves for growth, after two sequential years of sales over $1.6 billion. The addition of Universal Robots, continued market share gains in our core businesses, and a greater shift in our competition programs to performance-based pay with an emphasis on growth are all part of the equation going forward. Having built a solid profitable core, we’ve upped the focus on EPS growth through top line growth. As we’ve outlined in prior calls, we expect a greater leap forward in mobility performance and complexity this year, following the every-other-year pattern of incremental complexity changes in odd years and step function changes in the even years. This tick-tock pattern of complexity jumps, along with advanced packaging changes, is driving up 2016 tester demand. The demand increases has us investing material supply and modestly investing capital to expand our test and calibration fixtures, to increase our maximum UltraFLEX shipment capacity by upwards of about 20% over prior peak levels. Our systems test group is also off to a good start, with all three businesses, storage test, defense and aero, and production board test are operating at model profits or better in the first quarter. Last year, we made the successful pivot of storage test into cloud and SSD testing, and expect good long-term performance looking ahead. Defense and aero is showing early demand improvement, with its highly quarterly bookings since the fourth quarter of 2014, with the much improved DOD budget environment. Production board test scored strong demand with automotive customers and delivered strong bottom line performance. Shifting to wireless test. We’re clearly in a near-term challenging market. You may have noticed reported industry weakness in this space, as the wireless test market remains a crowded space, and it’s in a lull between technology inflexions. I’ll talk more about this later, along with our plans to keep LitePoint contributing to our profitability. Our industrial automations cobot leader, Universal Robots, is off to a good start, with first-quarter sales of $16.7 million, up 58% from its first-quarter standalone results in 2015. Originally, UR’s first-quarter sales broke down 45% in Europe, 30% Americas, and 25% in Asia. We expanded our footprint by entering two new regions, opening up seven new offices, and adding over 20 new distributors in the first quarter alone. This expansion will continue, along with new, more advanced certification programs for system integrators, to accelerate their skill level with UR products even more quickly. Shifting to the Company level, we paid $12 million in dividends and used $28 million to buy back 1.5 million shares, at an average price of $18.81, in the first quarter. This leaves us with $172 million remaining under our $500 million stock purchase authorization, which was approved at the beginning of 2015. Also, through some tax planning, we grew US cash and marketable securities to $461 million, up $41 million from Q4, despite the normal Q1 payouts and annual incentive compensation programs and various tax payments. Our total cash and marketable securities balances of $975 million was down by $33 million. I’ll now comment on the key 2016 goals and some of the important trends. In semi-test, it’s a familiar story. The key goal is to secure selective share gains a point or two from targeting healthier segments and the growing customers. We do this with differentiated features that offer both superior costs of tests and a programming environment that accelerates our customers’ time from tape out to volume production. We also avoid the commoditized and no growth sectors. The bedrock goal of maintaining healthy financial performance both in gross margins with annual material cost-down programs, and lean OpEx with ongoing productivity improvements, continues unabated. If you contrast our semi-test performance with our largest peer, which together captured nearly 90% of the total ATE market, you will see that the major differences is in our OpEx efficiency. This comes from multiple strategic decisions, such as maintaining your fewer test platforms, offering superior product software, enabling us to invest less in costly application engineering, and optimizing our operating model across all areas, including placing some G&A functions in low-cost regions. Moreover, we’ve established a culture that constantly finds leaner ways to operate. We, of course, will continue to look for further opportunities to improve our semi-test returns. Before I get to the other test businesses, I want to first cover UR, which clearly is a big part of our long-term growth plan. As part of staying on the 50% or better annual sales growth trajectory, we’re focused on further developing and strengthening the UR ecosystem, so watch for further announcements geared to third-party developers. We will also continue to grow our system integrators and distribution channel partners, while strengthening their capabilities through various development programs. While today, our competition tends to be labor or custom automation players, we fully expect to see other cobot players enter the market. So we are keen to establish a further lead in UR’s ecosystem, making it easier for customers to choose UR or making it hard for a new entrant to catch up. Recall, quickly, the major advantage that UR brings to cobots is making programming and re-training very easy to do, so that UR cobots can be quickly deployed and re-purposed by the small- and medium-sized enterprise, or SMEs. The overwhelming majority of UR cobots sold today go to SMEs. Third-party estimates are that there are thereabout 6 million SMEs that perform 70% of worldwide manufacturing. So the range of task that can benefit from UR’s automation is staggering, and should only grow, with labor costs rising. We also expect to see larger companies move more aggressively to cobot deployments, well beyond be on the current automotive sector and the other earlier adopters. Turning to healthy UR in some of these account opportunities, particularly with electronics manufacturers. While lowering manufacturing cost is the high-level benefit of cobots, the specific purchase drivers vary by customer in the industry, and include rising labor costs, skilled labor shortages, demand for greater flexibility, and numerous other benefits. We’ve included an accompanying slide that provides a view of the breadth of benefits customers in different industries see with our cobots. Moving to systems test. The key goals are to expand our storage test penetration in the SSD market with our automated platform, grow defense and aerospace with our recent expansion in avionics bus testing, and gain share in high panel count applications in production board test with our dual head tester. Of course, maintaining model profits across the portfolio is a given. Shifting to LitePoint, we operated with good margins and profitability in the soft 2015 period with our production optimized testers. However, this year will likely have even greater headwinds, with new technology retooling at a low point. In 2017, we expect two new Wi-Fi standards, 802.11ad and 802.11ax, to provide a needed market lift. Later in the decade, we expect Wi-Fi cellular will begin to materialize, driving additional new tooling buys. Now a reminder on 2016 capital allocation plans. We plan to buy back a minimum of $100 million, and up to $200 million of our shares, while returning about $15 million in dividends to shareholders. Our cumulative capital return with the buybacks in dividends, over the last five quarters, totals $391 million, and has brought our US cash and marketable securities balance closer to the minimum $300 million level. We’ve also lowered our share account by 6% since the start of the program in early 2015. Now moving to the details of the first quarter. Our sales were $431 million, the non-GAAP operating proper rate was 18%, and non-GAAP EPS was $0.31. We had one 10% customer in the quarter. Gross margins were 53%. You’ll see our non-GAAP operating expenses were $153 million, up $12 million from the fourth quarter, due to higher variable compensation accruals on increased profit levels and expansion of Universal Robots’ distribution programs, and engineering NREs tied to new product. Moving to the segment level details, semi-test bookings were at $306 million, after record fourth-quarter bookings of $408 million, with demand principally driven by mobility. SOC test orders were $274 million, and memory test orders were $32 million. Semi-test service orders were $64 million of the total. Semi-test sales were $340 million in the quarter, with SOC making up $323 million and memory test the balance. Semi-test service revenue totaled $58 million in the quarter. Moving to systems test, orders were $46 million in the quarter and sales were $54 million. Shifting to wireless test, we booked and shipped $20 million in first quarter in a tough demand environment. At UR, orders in the first quarter were 18 million and sales were $16.7 million. Sales for the second quarter are expected to be between $510 million and $540 million, with a non-GAAP EPS range of $0.46 to $0.53, on 205 million diluted shares. Q2 guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles. The second-quarter gross margin should run between 53% and 54%, up slightly from the first quarter due to higher volume, and total OpEx should run from 30% to 31%. The operating profit rate at the midpoint of our second-quarter guidance is about 23%. I should add that as we noted in January, we plan to continue scaling up UR’s distribution to capture more of the high growth available, which should add a few million to our quarterly OpEx run. Elsewhere in our test businesses, we expect full-year spending to be flat, apart from normal changes in variable compensation tied to profitability levels. Shifting to taxes, our full-year tax rate is expected to be about 17%. We start 2016 above the prior two sequentially strong years, driven by SOC’s test strength and the addition of Universal Robots. Combine this with ongoing healthy performance in our other core test businesses, and you have the ingredients to another sequentially strong year. Longer-term, our added diversification to multiple end market drivers such as mobility, automotive, cloud storage, wireless, defense and aero, Internet of Things, and industrial automation should provide less year-to-year volatility. We’re also buyers of our stock again this year, and remain on a path of $2 annual EPS in the foreseeable future. With that, I’ll turn the call back to Andy.
Andy Blanchard: Thanks, Greg. Amy, we would now like to take some questions. And as a reminder, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Krish Sankar.
Krish Sankar: Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I had two quick ones. One is on the associate test market. You guys are maintaining the Ultra. How much of the $2.1 billion to $2.5 billion is mobility? And is it fair to assume to 10% plus in growth rate this year bakes in some of the on the pull-in of the autos you saw in 4Q? And I also had a follow-up.
Mark Jagiela: Yes, so the pull-ins that we saw in the fourth quarter in bookings certainly ship off in this fiscal year. So part of what’s driving the market growth this year is a consequence of those order pull-ins. In terms of what percentage of the total SOC space is represented by mobility, roughly speaking, $1 billion or so of that market is tied to mobility devices.
Krish Sankar: Got it, that’s very helpful. And then as a follow-up, based on your current Universal Robots infrastructure in Denmark, how much revenues can it handle before you need to add more CapEx to it?
Mark Jagiela: The facility, and the line, we could go easily four or five years before we need to think about another facility. I should add that the assembly times are rather quick, in terms of labor hours. It’s a very lean model with the way it’s been set up. So we’re very comfortable that facility can scale for years to come.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Tim Arcuri.
Tim Arcuri: Thanks. I had two. I guess the first obvious question is, we been talking about the on-off pattern now for a while. So is there any reason why this would change, looking at the next year? This year is clearly an on year, but is there any reason why next year wouldn’t be an off year? It seems like maybe Apple is not shrinking this year, so maybe there’s some effect where a lack of a shrink this year could make next year a bit better, if that dynamic were to shrink next year? But I’m just wondering if you…
Mark Jagiela: Yes, it’s a good question. And one of the things, if you recall, we saw last year, in 2015, even though it was a traditionally off year, was a lot of complexity growth in devices that buoyed up, certainly, Teradyne’s business. And being heavily concentrated in mobility, that was a welcome change. So as we look into 2017, there’s a couple things going on. The complexity growth appears to be on track to run at a higher rate than in a normal odd year. And there’s a shift to new lithography nodes that we haven’t seen this year. So going to 10 nanometer, as an example, will bring with it some yield learning that will increase test intensity for a while at that node. So there’s a couple things like that, that are coming in semi-test for 2017, that are promising. Outside of semi-test, as we think about LitePoint, we think that 802.11ad will begin showing up in some of the consumer products, and that will also drive some tooling due to technology that we haven’t seen for a couple of years in LitePoint’s business.
Tim Arcuri: Great, thanks for that. And then I guess a question for Greg. Greg, the gross margin guidance is pretty low, given the revenue. It looks a lot like 2014, frankly. But the mix, it doesn’t look that much like 2014, because then you had a lot of digital test. So I guess I’m just wondering what’s going on to drag down gross margin in June?
Greg Beecher: Tim, the mix this year, and to date, is actually quite similar with the prior two even years, 2014 and 2012, where we were about 50% those two years. And this is the year where you have the large concentrated buyer, and that’s happened every even year. So it’s actually quite consistent with what we would have expected. Now, we have some other businesses in our mix of portfolio that are down, such as LitePoint, so we’re losing a little bit of otherwise margin contribution there. But principally, it’s the semi-test mix of customers, and their relative size, that’s driving the percentage back to the same number it was in the prior even years.
Tim Arcuri: Got it. Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question is from Mehdi Hosseini.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes, thank you. It’s actually Mehdi Hosseini. Just as a follow-up to the previous question, isn’t that a little bit premature to even think about 2017? And some of the maybe disappointed with booking has to do with a constant traded mix of customers with semi-test. And it got pulled in, and that’s just a reflection of the increased concentration among your customers, especially on the SOC side?
Greg Beecher: Look, I think if you want to drop the markers down just between January 1 and March 30, you will see that phenomenon. But if you look at the total buying for this tooling cycle that started in Q4, and put the two together, we’re certainly running ahead of the last period’s tooling cycle. So that’s the way I think about it is, it just so happened we got to an earlier start on the order rate, something we’ve been working with our customers to encourage for quite some time, to get a more orderly shipment stream. So I think it’s a positive effect this year, that we started sooner and have been able to deploy. So if we look at the first two quarters of shipments, again, we’re up over prior periods by over 10%. So it’s all – similar to what we predicted.
Mehdi Hosseini: Let me rephrase the question. In the previous call, you talked about building $100 million to $200 million of inventory for one customer. Was that a turn business that helped you with upside to the revenues, and adversely also impacted your booking that would be shipping in the later quarters?
Mark Jagiela: Mehdi, around fourth quarter each year, we’ve – particularly approaching the even years, we build up the inventory pipeline. So there was nothing different going into this cycle than in prior cycles. And I did say earlier, on the gross margin, there’s a concentrated large customer and they get better pricing. And again, we’re ahead of where we’ve been in prior years for the first half. So the second half, too early to really talk about. We don’t really have a good picture of that. But the first half, very good start, and it’s been playing out the way we expected. The only real soft spot in the portfolio was LitePoint. Apart from that, the other – the businesses are all doing well.
Mehdi Hosseini: Got it. And then one – and then the second question, with your Universal Robot, I understand the growth opportunity, and – but maybe I joined the call late. I quite didn’t understand why revenues were down in the first quarter?
Greg Beecher: Each first quarter, Mehdi, UR’s sales, the last three years, consistently dropped in the first quarter. They have a very strong fourth quarter. In fact, each year, first quarter is the low quarter and it builds sequentially, and then there’s a very strong fourth quarter. Now, there’s a whole set of reasons why fourth quarter is – for purchases can be strong, including end of budget money or other sales programs drive that last product or two over the finish line. So it’s following the same pattern as the past. And typically the fourth quarter, just to give you another reference point, the fourth-quarter sales tend to be more than 2 times what the first quarter was, in the last three years. So the first quarter was what we were expecting. It’s tracking to the 50% or better sales growth line. We would expect the other quarters to do the same. And then for the full year, we would expect to be 50% or greater. But again, it’s going to build throughout the year and have a strong fourth quarter, is our expectation.
Mehdi Hosseini: And since this is a turn business, we don’t really see it in booking? You build and ship…
Greg Beecher: Correct. You’re absolutely right, Mehdi. We have very little visibility.
Mehdi Hosseini: Got you. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question is from Steven Chin.
Steven Chin: Yes, thanks. Just question on the March quarterly orders for standout technology. Do you think there were any semi-test orders for standout technology in the March quarter? And do you still think you may see test equipment orders from Teradyne for further standout technology at some point this year again?
Mark Jagiela: So rather than speak specifically to one technology, I’d say that for advanced packaging applications, Q1 certainly saw significant orders, and we expect that to continue in Q2. Again, there’s a cycle that goes on across – and this year, it will be three quarters. So Q4, Q1, and Q2 will have a significant amount of orders related to advanced packaging.
Steven Chin: Okay. Thanks, Mark. And then just a follow-up question on semi-test equipment sales to customers in China. We’re hearing about a lot of the front-end equipment suppliers having pretty good shipment visibility to customers in China. Do you think there needs to be more back-end test investments made in China to support this eventual front-end fab build-out that’s going on in China? Thanks.
Mark Jagiela: Yes, that will absolutely occur. It will occur much closer to production ramp. You’ll see, in other words, the lag between front end and back end. On the other hand, there are some significantly large semiconductor companies in China already that have been driving a reasonably good amount of tester capacity. It just tends to be off the China shore, in Taiwan and other places. So eventually, the combination of local fabs growing, and I would say an attempt to repatriate some of the capacity that’s offshore for test, it’s probably a good year and a half to two years before it starts to register, but it will register and show up on the radar as a big, concentrated buying center. And about that time frame is my estimate.
Steven Chin: Okay. Thanks, Mark, for sharing.
Operator: Your next question is from Farhan Ahmad.
Farhan Ahmad: Thanks for taking my question. My first questions regarding a comment you made earlier on the call that your Q1 to Q3 should be more stable revenue levels. And I just wanted to understand, like do you have any visibility to the third quarter? Given that your revenues have normally declined somewhere between 1% to 15%, quarter on quarter? Does your commentary imply that this year, the sequential decline in September quarter would be a lot lower?
Mark Jagiela: No. It doesn’t necessarily imply that. Although we do have some visibility into third quarter, it isn’t perfect. And I think the way I would tend to think about it is, we’ve had $100 million increment in the first half of this year, in terms of revenue. The second half of the year, at this point, in our view, is not going to be significantly different from other second halves. So really, it’s just, again, this front loading of more capacity. So the year is up, and it’s spread out over two quarters and the orders are spread out over three quarters.
Farhan Ahmad: Got it. And then second question, just longer-term. How do you see the margins in the business? If I compare your margins from, say, 2010 or 2012, even at the similar revenue level, it seems like your margins are down a bit. So given that semi-test is so consolidated, like why shouldn’t margins be higher in this business?
Greg Beecher: Yes, when you look at margins in some of those periods, like 2010 in 2012 – let’s take 2012. 2012, you had a very strong year of LitePoint, with extraordinary performance. LitePoint grew from $130 million of revenue in 2011 to $289 million in 2012. So when a business grows that fast, the gross margins are super-attractive. So we had that in 2012, so that wasn’t a semi-test issue – story. When you go back to 2010, we actually had fewer businesses. In 2010, we didn’t have Universal Robots, and Universal Robots is consistent with the Company model. But as you get more sales with the new business, you’re also bringing their fixed manufacturing costs along, verses if those additional sales were for semi, they drop through more profit. If you look at our margins over a longer period of time, you generally see, in the even years, we’re 54%, in the odd years, we do better. There’s nothing that I’ve seen that would cause us to deviate from about this range that we’ve been experiencing. We have ongoing programs to introduce new instruments that are more competitive, and we have material cost-down programs going on at the same time. So I think we’ve got a track record, over a number of years, of taking action so we can stay within this range of healthy gross margins in the 53%, 54%, 55% range, with some fluctuation based upon mix.
Farhan Ahmad: Got it. Thank you. That’s all I have.
Operator: Your next question is from Patrick Ho.
Patrick Ho: Thank you very much. Mark, you mentioned that you saw a pickup in J750 sales. Was this related to an industry pickup in the Chinese low-end midrange smartphone market? And what kind of device specifically did you see this pickup in?
Mark Jagiela: Yes, so I wouldn’t specifically attribute it to China low-end smartphones. The J750 is – serves such a wide set of markets that it really was a general pickup across a lot of different spaces. Certainly part of it is mobility, but automotive is another piece of that, some consumer IoT-type applications would be another. So it’s a broad spectrum.
Patrick Ho: Great, that’s helpful. And maybe just going to the UR business for a second, you mentioned that you’re now starting to see, I guess, some of the traction related to both your systems test and the wireless test type of applications. How much do you see that contributing to revenues for 2016 as a whole?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. That’s hard to prognosticate. I’d say it’s going to be a minor piece of the 2016 revenue. We’re just starting installations now, so – and then those will go into some sort of evaluation period. So this year, not consequential. In out years, it will increase. But as we’ve said before, even over four or five years, the piece of revenue synergies we get from Teradyne customers, and the total UR business, will be relatively small, less than 10% of their business.
Patrick Ho: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Weston Twigg.
Weston Twigg: Hi. Yes, just a couple of quick questions. First, just wondering if you could help us understand your growth expectations in the SSD test segment? And did you say that you still expect systems test to be down year over year, this year?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. Systems test, we didn’t speak about the full year, but systems test, particularly storage test, had a very good year last year. We expect that to be down this year, but still operating at model profits. So that would be down. Production board tests, flattish, maybe a tiny bit of growth. And mil-aer, a little bit of growth. So the total isn’t going to change much, but likely down a bit due to storage test, with healthy profits. Was there a second question, Wes?
Weston Twigg: I was wondering if you could give us a little color on SSD traction? And then I did have a second question, which was on your expectation for wireless test to market share?
Mark Jagiela: SSD testing, we have an automated asynchronous test platform. So it has significant benefits versus a manual an oven batch platform. We’re speaking to a number of customers about transitioning to a more automated asynchronous test strategy. It’s quite early to figure out how they will shake out. There’s certainly interest. Some of these customers have internal solutions that probably won’t scale well, but it’s what they have and are familiar with now. So I think we need probably another couple of quarters to figure out where these things shake out. But we do see we have a product that probably can help them as they move up in volume in SSD.
Weston Twigg: Okay. And wireless test market share expectation?
Greg Beecher: Wireless test market share? This is – it’s going to be hard to figure that out. We’ve been gaining a little bit each year. This is going to be more a year of, who’s buying? It’s going to be in the low end of the range that Mark mentioned earlier. And it’s really, who’s situated with whoever is buying? So I think this is really, if you found the right watering holes, you are going to do well. My guess is we’ll be flattish, but it’s early to really be specific. Some of our accounts that we’re strong may be buying less than they were in the past, so they may have a low year and then come back next year. So in market share, probably is not going to be great for us this year, but if it could be looked at over a trend line, there’s a good story to be told.
Weston Twigg: Great. Thank you
Operator: Your next question is from David Duley.
David Duley: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Just a couple questions. First of all, if you could just help us, where do you think you finished off 2015, as far as SOC market share? And where do you think it will finish 2016, given the dynamics going on in the mobility sector.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So the official-official third-party results aren’t in yet, but our view of SOC share last year is in the sort of 50% range. And for this year, we’re looking for that to be roughly up 1 point.
David Duley: Okay. And given you have 50% – let’s just say a range, 50% to 55% share of the SOC test market. How does Teradyne get to $2 in earnings? It seems like you’ve already got most – maybe you can gain more market share, but what are the key levers that the Company needs to achieve to get to $2 in earnings?
Greg Beecher: Yes. There’s a couple of ways to get there, but the most direct path is further share gains and some market stabilization in semi-test. My estimates would be that would probably be the single biggest piece, SOC and the market stabilizing. Two is, Universal Robots is another big piece. Then there’s a third bucket. It’s all the other businesses and share buybacks. Those three things can get us to $2
David Duley: Okay, and just to frame that, I think I understand how the robot business will help you get to $2, right? With the growth that you expect, it might add $0.05 or $0.10 of earnings every year. But what conditions do you need in the SOC test market to get to a $2 number? Because it seems like you have an on year this year, right, mobility spending is strong. So I guess, what needs to change in the SOC test market for you to get to $2?
Greg Beecher: Yes. I’m not saying the SOC market, we could get there by itself. We need UR and these other actions. But the SOC market, we certainly can, if we stay in our trend line of picking up 1 point or 2 a share a year. And the market has shown some healthier signs, despite all the confusion that’s out there are sometimes, there’s much more complexity and slowing parallel tests. So what we really need? We need a market that probably is flat to 2% growth, and we need 1 point of share gain a year. If we had those two things, with UR and these other actions, we get to $2.
David Duley: Okay. Thank you very much.
Greg Beecher: Yes.
Operator: Your next question is from Sidney Ho.
Sidney Ho: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I just want to follow up on the gross margin side of the questions earlier. So obviously, you didn’t get a big uplift in gross margin in Q2. How should we think about gross margin in the second half, when revenue is typically lower. And finally, is gross margin below the operating model in the even years the right way of thinking about it?
Greg Beecher: I think that’s probably a fair way to think about it. In the second half of the year, I think what you’d expect is, when volumes typically come down, the gross margin percent shouldn’t come down as much as it would otherwise, because the mix in the first half of the year is working against us. That mix probably will not be as strong in the second or latter part of the year. So I think gross margins in the second half of the year will hold up better than you might otherwise expect, based upon the volume drop.
Sidney Ho: Okay, that’s fair. Second question, I’m hoping that you guys can give us some help in terms of modeling second-quarter orders. Clearly, if you add up the last two quarters, you’re up more than 10% year over year. So to get to the midpoint of your SOC market forecast, let’s just say you’re in line with the market. Does that mean second-quarter orders should be up 10% year over year, and hence up 40% to 50% sequentially? Is that the right way thinking about it? Or there is some other offset?
Mark Jagiela: As you know, we don’t guide quarters. What I would say, though, is that for the year to play out as we’ve described it earlier in the call, with the second half being similar to prior-year second halves, then the second-quarter bookings would be to be up over first. But that’s about as far as I’ll go with it.
Sidney Ho: All right. Thanks.
Greg Beecher: I’ll quickly add, our customers have wide ranges now, this early in the year. So it really depends upon where they end up in their plans, and therefore what ripples back to us. So there’s still some pretty wide ranges as to what can occur.
Operator: There are no further questioned at this time, sir.
Mark Jagiela: Great. That’s the end of the call. Thank you for joining us. We look forward to talking to you down the road.
Greg Beecher: Thank you.
Andy Blanchard: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s teleconference. At this time, you may all disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew Blanchard - Vice President-Corporate Relations & IR Contact Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP
Analysts: Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Atif Malik - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Co. LLC Thomas Robert Diffely - D. A. Davidson & Co. C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI Stephen Chin - UBS Securities LLC Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jagadish Iyer - Redstone Technology Research David Duley - Steelhead Securities LLC Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brandy and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Teradyne Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Review Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. Mr. Blanchard you may begin your conference.
Andrew Blanchard - Vice President-Corporate Relations & IR Contact: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our CEO, Mark Jagiela and our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for the fourth quarter and full year 2015 as well as our outlook for the first quarter of this year. The press release containing our fourth quarter results was issued last evening and we're providing slides on the Investor page of the website that may be helpful to you in following today's discussion. Those slides can be downloaded now or you can follow along live. Replays of this call will be available via the same page after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release, as well as our most recent SEC filings. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we'll make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We've posted additional information concerning those non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP financial measure were available on the Investor page of the website. Also between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne will be participating in investor conferences hosted by Goldman Sachs, Barclays, Susquehanna and Bank of America. Now let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, Mark will comment on our recent results and market conditions as we enter the first quarter. Greg will then offer more details on our quarterly financial results along with our guidance for the first quarter. We'll then answer your questions and this call is scheduled for one hour. Mark?
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Andy and good morning, everyone. Today I'll provide a summary of our 2015 results, followed by an outlook for 2016 including our capital allocation plans. But first, let me say that our strong bookings performance of over $500 million in the fourth quarter gives us strong momentum heading into 2016. More on that in a minute. 2015 was a very good year for Teradyne. We delivered our second consecutive year of revenue over $1.6 billion and we increased our operating profit from 19% to 21%. Full year orders of over $1.8 billion were the highest in more than 10 years and all this was accomplished in a soft market year for our core SOC Test business. As we've discussed in past calls, the SOC Test market has developed an on-year, off-year pattern with the odd years being softer than the even years, due mainly to the relative difference in complexity advances in smartphones in those years. In 2015, that pattern continued with the SOC market likely to come in at about $2.1 billion, down from the $2.4 billion in 2014. However, this is up 10% from the comparable odd year of 2013, signaling a positive turn after several years of a declining market. We continued our game plan of disciplined share gains in Semi Test, ending the year up an estimated 1 point overall to a new record of 47%. This comes from an estimated 1 point share gain in SOC Test to about 51% and an estimated 1 to 2 point share gain in Memory Test to 29%. Our focus on the strongest segments of the market is a key part of our winning recipe. In SOC, the Mobility segment continues to dominate capacity buying and our UltraFLEX and J750 products continue to increase share. Analog tester sales were also strong with Eagle Test sales up 30% for the year. Microcontroller Test buying was lower for the year, but growth in Image Sensor Test demand helped fill the gap. In Memory, sales grew 3% in a flat market as our Magnum V tester is winning by capitalizing on the growing trend toward higher flash interface speeds. In 2015, our Wireless and System Test businesses also performed well. Wireless Test improved profitability and increased market share while holding sales flat in a challenging market estimated to be down 15% from 2014 to about $425 million. Lower growth in worldwide smartphone shipments pushed the market size lower offsetting the longer test times required for more complex wireless interfaces like LTE and 802.11ac with MIMO. System Test sales grew about 30% due to improvements in Storage Test. As HDD capacity buying returned and new SSD test applications grew as well. Finally, on the capital allocation front, our balanced approach continued as we repurchased 300 million shares, paid $51 million in dividends, and added a major new axis of growth with the purchase of Universal Robots in June. UR set fourth quarter and full year records for both quarters and sales. We continued to lead the industry in the emerging market for collaborative robots and the introduction of our smallest, lowest price UR3 to the product family in 2015 helped broaden our range of applications. Now let me turn to 2016. As I mentioned, our bookings in the fourth quarter give us strong momentum coming into the New Year. While the normal seasonal pattern would suggest an increase in fourth quarter orders of 10% to 20%, we saw Semi Test orders jump over 90% from Q3 and over 80% from the fourth quarter of 2014. While much of this surge is a pull-in of orders to deal with the increasing device and packaging complexity in SOC, it is an early signal of confidence for 2016. On the other hand, uncertainties in the macroeconomic environment, particularly China, make estimating the full year SOC market challenging. Our early initial estimate for the SOC market for this year is between $2.1 billion and $2.5 billion, with a familiar pattern of the first half stronger than the second. We expect the Memory Test market to be similar to past years at around $500 million. As always, we will focus on disciplined share gains in Semi Test by focusing on the strongest segments of the market. Smartphones grew by an estimated 10% or 135 million units in 2015, and while unit volumes were expected to grow roughly 5% in 2016, the performance of smartphones continues to expand. This growing performance is made possible by more complex semiconductor devices, which for Teradyne Semiconductor Test and LitePoint businesses means more test time per chip to ensure the high quality that consumers expect from their smart devices. While smartphones were the major drivers of our fourth quarter surge in test demand, we see additional device and package complexity driven tailwinds on the horizon. One example is the emerging 60 gigahertz band applications in Wi-Fi and automotive radar. This band will require additional silicon content for both smartphones and cars. This brings with it the need for an entirely new class of tester instruments that will expand our markets at both Semi Test and LitePoint. The expansion of cameras and vision systems will continue to grow above market averages and our leading position in this segment will similarly allow us to grow share. And while advanced packaging will reduce electronic system size and cost, it will also raise complexity and require more testing than traditional cingulated parts. At Universal Robots we are coming off a high growth year with annual sales of $61 million. We expect both the market for collaborative robots and UR sales to expand again by about 50% in 2016. UR's collaborative robots continue to gain traction at customers, as customers increasingly recognize how their low entry cost and ease of deployment completely changes the economic equation for automating manufacturing operations. Driven by compelling economics with ROIs often less than 12 months and the flexibility to perform repetitive or difficult tasks side-by-side with production workers, we expect the collaborative robot market to grow at a high 50% plus per year rate for the foreseeable future. In 2016, we will increase our OpEx in UR to both enable and capitalize on this growth. To summarize our strategy for 2016, we will continue on the path that has delivered strong results for our customers, stockholders and employees. Number one, make investments in engineering and distribution to ensure our products continue to grow market share by leading the industry in performance, economics and ease of use. Number two; maintain an efficient operating model that generates the returns to support those investments to power future growth. And number three; maintain a capital allocation strategy that balances share repurchases, dividends and attractive M&A. Looking specifically at capital allocation, after repurchasing 300 million shares last year, we have 200 million remaining on our existing authorization and expect to repurchase between 100 million to 200 million more this calendar year while paying about $50 million in dividends. Additionally, we continue to look at opportunities for profitable growth through M&A. Greg will provide details on our cash position in the U.S. and offshore, along with details on our 2015 repurchase program. In summary, Teradyne exited 2015 a stronger company financially, competitively and we added a powerful growth dimension with Universal Robots. Looking further into 2016, I am very excited about the market position of all the segments of Teradyne and our prospects for the year. While we can't predict macroeconomic conditions I'm confident we have the people, the products and the business processes that will allow Teradyne to thrive this year and beyond. For additional details on Q4 and 2015 and our outlook for the first quarter, I'll turn it over to Greg.
Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with the key highlights of 2015, then I'll offer some comments on 2016 including our capital allocation plans, and then I'll cover the fourth quarter results and first quarter outlook. On the financial highlights front, we had $1.64 billion of sales with a 21% operating profit rate and $323 million in free cash flow. 2015 was our first back-to-back year at over $1.6 billion in sales in over a decade. Overcoming the historical odd year dips to about $1.4 billion in sales that we saw in 2011 and 2013. The purchase of lease testers along with the SOC Test buy rate showing greater stability, strength in Storage Test and the addition of Universal Robots have all contributed to break the oscillating revenue pattern. In 2015, we deployed capital very strategically, both to establish a new growth platform in industrial automation, fund it with offshore cash and to buyback 6% on a net basis of our shares with domestic cash. Our efficient operating model and proven ability to add new businesses allow us to both return significant capital and fund new high growth platforms concurrently. The first piece of that capital deployment, the purchase of UR, is a major highlight of 2015. UR is the standout leader in the fast growing collaborative robot space with its easy to train and redeploy cobots. While it's early, UR is off to a very strong start inside of Teradyne with fourth quarter sales of $22 million bringing its annual calendar year sales to $61 million, up 56% from calendar 2014. The second component of our capital deployment plan was the return of $351 million to shareholders through our buyback and dividend programs. We bought back 15.6 million shares in 2015 at an average price of $19.21 and returned $51 million in dividends. So all-in-all a good year and as you can see from our fourth quarter orders at $522 million, we're capturing the beginning of another strong mobility complexity wave, positioning us for a very solid 2016. Now quickly to our 2016 capital allocation plans. We plan on using between $100 million and $200 million for buybacks in 2016, depending on our M&A pipeline and other factors. Given our efficient operating model and greater diversification and stability we've reset our corporate-wide minimum cash level from $500 million to $400 million. This balance of $400 million is about eight months worth of OpEx. I should point out that we also have a pipeline of a small number of attractive M&A opportunities which require that we preserve balance sheet flexibility. Of course, we'll constantly review the returns we can achieve from our M&A pipeline against an even greater capital return. The slide deck includes a schedule that shows our total cash and marketable securities balances along with our minimum cash needs. You can also see that we have $588 million of offshore cash, well above our $100 million minimum foreign balance. This is the result of our lower offshore tax rate which when combined with our U.S. rate results in an overall tax rate of about 21% for the full year 2015. As we look deeper into 2016, we see another jump-up in mobility performance and complexity, consistent with the even-year patterns we've talked about. Add to this the lessening of the impacts of Parallel Tests and SOC Tests and added complexity in Devices and Packaging, and we see another strong year ahead. Beyond Semi Test, we expect 50% plus growth for Universal Robots and healthy performance in both Wireless and System Test. Before I add more color on 2016, let me quickly fill out the picture with some information on our performance and some key trends. First, we've shown that we are good stewards in businesses where others struggle. Over the last five years, despite the ebb and flow of test demand, we've averaged 21% non-GAAP operating profit rate, and approximately $260 million in annual free cash flow. In Semi Test, in just over the last three years we've gained 11 points of SOC Test share and 13 points in Memory Test, reaching 51% share in SOC and 29% share in Memory Test, while maintaining healthy gross margins and disciplined OpEx control. We've done this by carefully targeting segments that have tailwinds such as mobility, automotive and flash memory and avoiding those that are in decline or offer razor-thin margins such as MPU and peripheral equipment like package handlers. We've designed products that win with clever architectural advantages in throughput, accuracy and fast programming tools. This has helped customers get their test economics, high yields and fast time to market with Teradyne, and in turn they have rewarded us with hard won market share and the top score in the VLSIresearch Customer Satisfaction award for the third year running. We'll continue with this scalable formula while continuing to look for opportunities for further optimization. Shifting quickly to SOC trends. Device and package complexity are both increasing as higher performance is designed into thinner packages for mobile products. As, you know, our business is driven forward by unit growth and complexity. On the other side of the ledger, our tester's own use of Moore's Law and parallel tests restrain growth. These competing forces are breaking positive for the first time in years and the SOC Test capital intensity appears to have stabilized. And significantly, we're seeing more test drivers beyond smartphones gaining traction; in autos, semi-content is forecasted to grow over 30% through 2020 and the fastest growing segment in auto is ATES (16:47), which is rich in device complexity and, therefore, test intensity. While still early, virtual reality is another driver of compute, display and communications IC test demand expected later this decade. We also expect packaging complexity to increase driving higher test times. In Memory Test, the major trend in NAND is for higher density and increasing bus interface speeds, which is where Magnum excels. It has broken into five of the top six flash memory manufacturers with its unique architecture for high throughput and performance headroom. Turning now to Wireless Test with LitePoint strong product differentiation, we delivered flat sales in a down market which pushed our market share in wireless production test to over 40%, our highest ever. We still have high concentration at one very good customer but we continue to make progress in broadening our customer base as well. The lower than forecast smartphone production ramps from Asian makers, where we won design-ins earlier, were a headwind to these efforts in 2015. Despite this and other market forces, the business runs above the industry model 15% profit rate and has a rich pipeline of new products which we expect to establish market footholds in 2016 and higher volumes thereafter. Longer term, we expect multiyear periods of modest demand growth driven by incremental performance improvements in wireless products, such as increased numbers of cellular (18:17) frequency bands extending up into the unlicensed 5 to 6 gigahertz band, moving from a single Wi-Fi data stream to eight streams with MIMO and advanced standards such as 802.11ad. Further out on the horizon is the large technology inflection of 5G. In System (sic) [Storage] (18:34) Test, the key highlights were successfully ramping our new 3.5-inch hard disc drive test into three different customers and scoring further SSD Test business which brought our total Storage Test sales to over $80 million, up from more than twofold from 2014. Overall Storage Test is a completely repositioned business with a versatile platform, extendable to variety of test applications. The end market fundamentals are strong with data center storage capacity growing at a forecasted 15% CAGR and SSDs at close to 40%. At Universal Robots, sales have grown over 50% annually for the last three years. We maintain a significant product lead with faster train and easy-to-deploy cobots that are highly reliable and repeatable and are very safe to place alongside a human without caging or fencing apparatus. UR cobots can do production tasks that are dirty, dangerous or dull. Some third parties tag the market – future market size to be over $3 billion by 2020 driven by greater adoption across diverse industries. In 2015, UR further developed its distribution network expanding the number of distributors to about 200 and growing its UR capped accessories platform, collectively turning our significant product lead into an ecosystem lead as well. UR also successfully launched and is shipping in high volume its third cobot model, the UR3 cobot, which targets lighter test or tabletop applications. Now moving to the segment level details. Semi Test orders were $408 million, the highest fourth quarter demand in over 15 years driven by Mobility. SOC Test orders were $391 million and Memory Test orders were $17 million. Semi Test service orders were $66 million of this total. Semi Test sales were $205 million in the fourth quarter, with SOC making up $180 million and Memory Test the balance. Semi Test service revenue totaled $57 million in the fourth quarter. Shifting to Wireless Test. Orders were $30 million and sales were $32 million in the fourth quarter. System Test orders were $66 million in the quarter and sales were $59 million. Universal Robots had orders of $18 million and sales of $22 million in the fourth quarter. Geographically, UR sales were 45% in Europe, 30% in North America and 25% in Asia. At the company-level our sales were $318 million, the non-GAAP operating profit rate was 10% and non-GAAP EPS was $0.13. We had no 10% customer in the fourth quarter and one for the full year. Non-GAAP gross margins were 55%. You'll see our non-GAAP operating expenses were down $11 million to $141 million compared to the third quarter due to lower variable compensation accruals and approximately $5 million in certain one-time credits. As planned our inventory increased $26 million in the fourth quarter as we added material to maintain attractive lead times. Sales for the first quarter expected to be between $410 million and $440 million, and the non-GAAP EPS range is $0.23 to $0.29 on 206 million diluted shares. Q1 guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles. Gross margins are expected at 53% and OpEx should be between 36% and 38%, which includes some NREs and added Universal Robots spending. We expect the first half of this year to have higher OpEx tied to new product programs but for the full year excluding UR, we expect OpEx to be flat unlike sales levels. The operating profit rate at the midpoint of our first quarter guidance is about 16%. Our 2016 tax rate is expected to be about 20%, down from prior guidance, due to a higher mix of offshore profits and the reinstatement of the R&D credit. 2016 we've earmarked $80 million to $100 million for CapEx, about flat at the midpoint with 2015 levels of $90 million. At the high end this includes a few tens of millions dollar for potential customer leases in 2016. We don't expect the same volume of leases we placed in 2014; we may see some activity in our Semi Test segment. So we start 2016 with our strongest start since 2004, driven by SOC Test strength. And with Device and Packaging complexity going up while Parallel Test slows, we see a healthy longer term picture for our largest business even before factoring in modest share gains. Adding Universal Robots 50% plus annual growth, ongoing healthy performance in System Test and Wireless Test, we see a bright future ahead. With that, I'll turn the call back to Andy.
Andrew Blanchard - Vice President-Corporate Relations & IR Contact: Thanks, Greg. Brandy, we'd now like to take some of the questions. And as a reminder, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini with SIG.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Thanks for taking my question. It seems like over the past several calls we come back to the topic of what is really the true TAM for the advanced packaging and I ask that because you had a very strong booking in your Semi Test and I think some of this has to do with the necessary build-out for advanced packaging that requires more wafer level test. And I do understand that there is increased test time, but again, it's very important for us to understand to what extent this build-out for advanced packaging could sustain. So to the extent that you can provide some color, either quantitatively or qualitatively, would be great? And I have a follow-up.
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Well, the build-out for advanced packaging at one level has been going on for several years. Now, this coming year will be a particularly larger shift to that kind of technology. But our view is whether it's an advanced package or cingulated die packaging, the incremental tester demand is somewhat invariant. Now an advanced package is going to require a little bit more test time because of the complexity and the premium on wafer yields, but incrementally as the world shifts more and more to advanced package, we'll see incremental tester demand ride that incremental package. Now, if you look at advanced package part today, it might be 10% longer test time because of the nature of that technology, but over time if we look at 2017, 2018 and 2019, that ratio of test time will increase beyond 10%. As more and more die get put on the package, the premium for good yields will continue to rise. So I think advanced package in and of itself isn't necessarily a tooling exercise, it's incremental capacity that goes in that requires incrementally longer test times beyond what a cingulated die would require.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Sure. But how does – so if this is done at a foundry level, then some of the OSAT guys will be doing less tests. That context, how should we think about the trade-off between one type of customer doing less and there's a new customer that is doing more of advanced packaging?
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. I think that right. That's true of all technology shifts. So the package type that's been handled in a certain OSAT, as that volume declines and shifts to advanced packaging it just happens to occur at a different site. And you know, but overall, that new site and that new package is going to have a longer test time. It could occur – the OSATs themselves are developing their own versions of advanced package, and so it could very well be that they'll be competing packaging technologies as there are today around advanced packaging and that both sides will grow in this new era of multi-die on a silicon substrate.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Got it. And just a one quick follow-up for Greg. Given the fact that your onshore cash has gone down and there's only $120 million left above the minimum, is there anything that you're thinking, or is there any discretion that you have to increase the cash onshore that could help boost the capital return program?
Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Mehdi, absent frankly borrowing money, not really. We can't get the offshore cash back without some tax consequence. But we certainly could borrow, but we're trying to preserve the borrowing capacity for attractive M&A.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Borrowing is out of favor now. Okay. Thank you very much.
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Atif Malik with Citigroup.
Atif Malik - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on a good quarter and a strong guide. Mark, I fully agree with you that the test buy rates have stabilized since mid-2004. The third-party data is showing it. But we haven't seen the multiple expansion in your stock because of that and I believe a part of that has to do with this odd, even effect of the years. But with test buy rates stabilizing and you guys benefiting from the secular growth in advanced mobility packaging and auto and industrial kind of outperforming the broader semiconductor market, what can break this odd/even pattern moving forward?
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So I do think the odd/even pattern is diminishing. You know, the thing that drove the odd/even pattern was a combination of two things: unit volume growth and complexity growth. So in even years, as you looked at unit volume growth across the past four years, it's been declining. So that particular lever will go down. The complexity issue that an even year will be more intense than an odd year will persist but begin to slow down as well. When we look back at last year, what I can see is the complexity advances in applications processors and LTE that went into the phones was higher than a typical odd year. So I do see -- I would project that over the next two or three years, we're going to find that little cycle dampen such that it's down below $100 million kind of number.
Atif Malik - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then Greg, can you talk about the gross margin effect from the advanced mobility packaging testers moving forward?
Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: What I'll talk about is this year we expect gross margins for the full year to look like gross margins in 2014 and 2012, that being 54%. And with this large concentrated buying we tend to fall back to that number.
Atif Malik - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Farhan Ahmad with Credit Suisse.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks for taking my question. My first question is regarding the fourth quarter bookings, the bookings came in very strong and you mentioned that it was primarily driven by smartphone related strength. I wanted to ask is the smartphone strength pretty broad-based across customers and how's the customer concentration in the orders that you have received? Was it pretty much like driven by like one or two customers or was there broad-based strength?
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, there's always been a concentration in that market. But I would say that it wasn't atypical in fourth quarter. Several providers of silicon or smartphones were strong in the fourth quarter. So it wasn't sort of one customer but a typical mix of I would say market increase going into the next year.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it. And do you know like what's driving that because it seems kind of surprising that the fourth quarter is strong. Was it just like apps processor or was it RF apps processor and different applicationa that are going into smartphone and it's just that the build cycles for the smartphone that are a little bit earlier this year?
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I think it's that, the build cycles are a little bit earlier. Certain manufacturers always have announcements of new phones in the late Q1, early Q2 period, so that has always been part of the beginning of a bookings growth in the fourth quarter. What's atypical is that some other manufacturers have moved I would say one to two months in on the typical build cycle.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it. And then one question on China. Like obviously like China end market is not doing very well but on a separate note, China semi incentives have been pretty strong in terms of reported announcements of capital investment in advanced packaging and test area, whether through M&A or even like new OSATs. So I just wanted to probe you a little bit there, like are you seeing any strength, particular strength out of China in terms of like new OSATs that are entering the space or like how's the exposure to China in your revenues, is that something that you're seeing is inflecting higher?
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Certainly China is growing faster than most regions for us. The OSAT investments they're making are sort of driven by demand. It's not I would say incremental. It's really the growth of silicon that drives the aggregate increase in demand and in China several major – early on, there were a series of small fabless companies in China trying to get a foothold in as design houses in silicon, as being a silicon provider, but what's emerged over the past few years is some of the major handset manufacturers have really developed robust internal silicon design capability. So we expect that sort of native complex mobility related device volumes will grow above average out of China silicon design houses in the next few years. And so that's, obviously, a place we've got a footprint and are focusing a lot of our sales energy.
Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it. Thanks a lot. That's all I had.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with Cowen & Company.
Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi, thanks. I had a couple things. I guess first of all I'm just trying to understand the guidance a little bit. Greg, so you built $408 million in Semi Test and the revenue guidance is $425 million for the whole company for Q1. If I look at the coverage usually, it's just sort of a simple exercise but if I look at the bookings in Semi Test in one quarter and then I sort of look at what you do in revenue during the next quarter it seems like you ought to do more in revenue in March. Now maybe that's because some of those shipments are spread out into June. So I guess my first question is, is it seems a little conservative, particularly given that you just saw about $150 million more in Semi Test orders than we thought and that's pretty much the amount that the SOC market will grow this year, so I guess you could conclude that you've sort of already seen the bump from Info, so maybe you can talk about that?
Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Tim, the way the bookings – obviously they've come in very strong, there are shipments that are scheduled to ship in April. So they're just going to – some of them are going to miss March. So we see Q4, Q1 should be very strong demand and those shipments are going to take place Q1, Q2. And we see mobility as very strong this year, stronger than last year. But it's just how some of these shipments are falling into particular months. Some are going to fall just outside of Q1.
Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Then I guess, Greg, just as a bottoms-up I'm just kind of looking at where the Street is. And I'm -- your stock is down 5% and everyone's asking why that's the case because it seems like a pretty constructive set of numbers. So when I get to the bottoms-up math it seems like you're guiding, if I take the SOC market up like you say and I had you gain a couple bps of share, couple hundred bps of share and then I have you gain a couple hundred bps of share also in Memory, you could gain maybe $150 million year-over-year in Semi Test. You've told us that UR is going to double this year and if I assume LitePoint is flat and I assume that the Systems business is flat, that gives me an incremental $200 million in revenue year-over-year. So that would sort of say that this year's revenue ought to be in the $1.8 billion, $1.85 billion range which is above where Wall Street's thinking right now. So is that math wrong? I know you don't want to guide full year but is $1.8 billion, $1.85 billion reasonable?
Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Yes. We don't guide revenues. It's too difficult for us to do. But I think if I had to speculate as to what's going on, is why there's some confusion is our first quarter OpEx is higher than what you would expect. So I think that may throw some folks off. And I tried to say in my prepared remarks that in the first half as I said of NREs and other one-time spending tied to some new product programs and that's going to lessen and it should not be present in the second half. So Teradyne's spending is going to be consistent with last year, except for we're going to invest in Universal Robots and that's tied to high growth. So my only sort of – maybe it's not a direct response, Tim, is I think the OpEx may throw some off but I tried to explain it – I tried to explain right here as well.
Timothy Arcuri - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yep.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson.
Thomas Robert Diffely - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Yes, good morning. One more question on the Mobility demand. So is this demand solely driven by unit and test times going up or are there certain chips or functions that need a new tester to perform the test?
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: There's very little new tester capability in this. It's really units and complexity that's driving it.
Thomas Robert Diffely - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. And then so when you look at your demand, how much of it is just having a new player versus the industry needs more capacity?
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think overall what's going on, it's the industry that needs more capacity versus new player. And that capacity is not atypical from what we've seen before. And in our case, the one thing perhaps that's different when we look at the packaging change that's going on in conjunction with the complexity change of the silicon itself is there's a double effect here. So, typically we would see demand increase just because let's say apps processors or power management ICs or image sensors were increasing in complexity. That drives up test time. We've seen that in prior years. This year you have to multiply that by maybe 1.1 in order to get the effect of a little bit more fault coverage in the advanced package world.
Thomas Robert Diffely - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. All right. And then Greg, you talked about a minimum cash level of $400 million. Do you have a minimum on-shore cash level that you're targeting?
Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Yes, that's $300 million, and $100 million is offshore, which makes the $400 million.
Thomas Robert Diffely - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Great. Thank you.
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse with Evercore.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I guess first question, I guess a couple parts around the SOC side. Can you talk about what would get the overall run rate to the high end of the range? And as part of that conversation, can you speak to whether or not there are any leases this year? Thank you.
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So again, it's very difficult to look out. The things that could happen and get it at the high or above the high end of range first would be -- we're projecting a relatively weaker microcontroller and automotive market this year. Now, that's very hard for us to read, but this is based just on what we see occurring toward the end of the year and some of the conservatism in the customer base. Some of the M&A activity going on also slows down and gives a little bit of a visibility cloud there. So as that clears up, there could be a snapback of tooling needed to get the new entity back up and running full speed. So we're preparing ourselves for that. On Mobility, that looks strong. One of the things, though, that occurred if we look at fourth quarter is as we were in the November period of time, the forecast for 2016 capacity for Mobility was quite a bit more robust than it ended up toward the end of December, as the macroeconomic conditions in China and the stock market started to waiver, people became much more cautious. So it could very well be that all that passes by and we see mobility larger than we expect, automotive and MCUs larger than we expect. And that drives it up to the $2.5 billion number or higher.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: That's helpful. And then I guess a question on the OpEx side. I know you really can't guide full year OpEx but maybe I can ask it this way. Right now in Q1 you're running about $6 million above your target model for UR investments. Can you share with us what the aggregate uplift in UR investments will be for the year, relative to your target model? And then as part of that question, when should we see revenues come in from that uptick in your investments in service and field ops?
Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Okay, C.J. UR, we would expect the revenue to come in similar to how it has come in every year. Its falls back a bit in the first quarter and then increases each quarter thereafter and has a high concentration in the fourth quarter with end of year budget money or what have you. And we expect UR after about $60 million sales to be $90 million plus. So we are investing there, opening more offices, hiring people, sales, hunters, application people. So there is more spending and advertising going into that. UR was about a 15% profit rate for us in – well, for their calendar year they were 15% in 2015. In 2016, if we see higher growth we may invest a bit more to get the next round of growth and stay ahead. But in terms of let's just say our OpEx, I think the key thing to try to outline for you guys is taking out UR, we expect OpEx for the company at like sales to be flat and that includes we're funding the salary increases people get each year through productivity or workforce shaping or finding lower cost, so flat with emphasis. In UR, there will be more spending and if you say how much, it ranges. Depends what we see. So we can meter it, anywhere from say $7 million a quarter OpEx is now, maybe we go to $10 million, maybe we go to $11 million, it all depends what we see. But the higher we go the more you're going to see the sales and/or the sales right around the corner. So I hope that answered your question with that.
C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI: Yeah, that's great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Chin with UBS.
Stephen Chin - UBS Securities LLC: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Just following up on the pull-ins in the fourth quarter, just to clarify, it sounds like first quarter and maybe second quarter a little bit are benefiting from those pull-ins, but then should we think about modeling the rest of the year a little bit lower than historically? And then just for the full year, that nothing really changed, it's just sort of a more lumpy year than what we've seen typically?
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. That's really hard for us to see what's going to happen. The question really is what's going to happen out in third quarter. Typically second and third quarter are the peak quarters for the year. And this earlier tooling that's occurring means that the installations are starting a little bit earlier. The revenue will start a little bit earlier. But I would struggle to say what does that imply for the third quarter. First and second should absolutely – that's about as far as we have visibility, not even maybe beyond April at this point. But it could very well be the third quarter is strong as well.
Stephen Chin - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then just as my follow-up, just more of a high level on the SOC Test market returning to a growth CAGR. Have you seen any additional data points of this or either quantitatively or anecdotally that gives you more confidence that the market can actually return to secular growth?
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: At the microcosm level, yes, absolutely. Part of the theory and thesis that it returns to growth is predicated on a slowing effect of Parallel Test and as we look at mobility devices, we've seen that slowing occur much faster than we expected over the past two years. So that is a early, early indicator to us that this is really inflecting back in a positive direction. Now, there's other segments of the market such as automotive, linear and microcontroller that still will be on a lag a little bit mobility in terms of its, has some towed around parallelism. But what we look at is over the course of 2002 until 2012, 2013, an increasing deployment of parallelism. 2014 and 2015 in these big, big mobility segments that has stalled and in some cases inflected back the other way.
Stephen Chin - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah, hi. Thanks for taking my questions and really congrats on such a strong results out there. Two quick questions. Not to beat this OpEx question to death but is it fair to assume the second half of the year OpEx for you guys should come down relative to the first half?
Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: Yes, the second half should come down relative to the first half and that decrease will be in all areas other than Universal Robots. I would expect Universal Robots to increase OpEx throughout the year. But the other NREs, temporary contractors racing to get some new products completed, that's lined up quite considerably in the first half of the year which is unusual to have this much going on in multiple divisions and it's all contributed at the same time in Q1 and linking into Q2. But again, I try to be clear that for the full year we expect OpEx to be flat except for UR at like sales levels. And again, that includes funding salary increases.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Got it. And then I think you guys did explain the gross margin. You do see some volume pricing discount. Is it the main reason for the gross margin being lower or is there also a headwind from the fact that the microcontroller order market might be weaker so that is actually being a little bit of head room on the gross margin side?
Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & VP: It's ultimately mix. You can pick different things and get to the same place. So I could have looked at it that way but the biggest swing factor for us has been the concentrated buying in the even years, albeit last year was a good year but as you know we sold lease testers that were partially on in the field for a while. 54% is kind of a normal margin that you'd expect at this level of buying.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Fair enough. Thanks a lot. Just a quick follow-up if I could. Off your $2.3 billion roughly in SOC market size is there a way to quantify how much of that is Mobility?
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's always a challenge to do that. Roughly $2.3 billion, somewhere – let me just look it up here. Somewhere close to $1 billion of that might be Mobility.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thanks a lot. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jagadish Iyer with Redstone Technology.
Jagadish Iyer - Redstone Technology Research: Yes. Mark, two questions. I'm just trying to reconcile just as a follow-up to the prior question, I'm just trying to reconcile given all the commentary that we have heard from the smartphone makers, what gives you the optimism that the SOC market is going to be up year-over-year? Why can't it be flat or even down given what all we are seeing on the smartphone market? Is there something that we are missing? And then I have a follow-up.
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, is your question up or down in the test market or in the silicon market?
Jagadish Iyer - Redstone Technology Research: Semi Test, in the Semi Test.
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Semi Test, yeah. So the thing that gives me confidence is what I was describing earlier, looking at the test times and the diminishing parallelism. So the complexity of the devices we know at this point that are going to be launched this year so that's done. The relative time to test the devices we know pretty much. It's not completely baked but we've got a pretty good range on that. So the combination of time times time and complexity is a known quantity. So what is more speculative is units and for units various people are saying smartphone and mobility units could be flat, could be up 5%, could be up 7%. We kind of model it to be probably zero to 5%. So, if it's more than that, that's upside. So the known quantities that we see are time to test let's say the unit test time for silicon in a phone. And the thing we have to somewhat guess at is the growth rate of phones.
Jagadish Iyer - Redstone Technology Research: Okay. And then on the Wireless Test side I just see that the market seems to be coming down. Is there something that is kind of happening there or do we see further declines going out this year and going into next year? Are there any other offerings that you could make in terms of improving your participation in that market? Thank you.
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, that market as we mentioned in our opening comments was about $425 million in size last year. When we look at this year, there's no real major technology wave inflection coming that could drive that significantly higher. So we're looking at this year to be roughly flat with last year. The thing over the horizon that will come is the 802.11ad standard in the 60-gigahertz band. The interesting thing about that is up until now all the success of connectivity standards as you go from B to G to N to AC, that's been all integrated and incorporated into a single piece of silicon. And the test equipment to test those integrated devices has essentially been a LitePoint box that gets reused generation to generation. At 60-gigahertz, it's a whole new ballgame, it's a different piece of silicon, it's not integrated, it can't be integrated. It's just a very different beast and requires a different test insertion. So we look at the 802.11ad deployment starting in 2017 as the next connectivity wave. The other thing Greg mentioned is further out in the cellular side will be 5G technologies but that's beyond 2017. So what we're doing at LitePoint in addition to going after the AD is looking at other adjacent markets such as Protocol Testing. So testing not the electronic capability and calibrating the electronic capability of the chips and the devices but also at a user level, at user experience level testing the parts. So that's another example of a product we'll be introducing this year that will ramp next year in a new market.
Jagadish Iyer - Redstone Technology Research: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Duley with Steelhead.
David Duley - Steelhead Securities LLC: Thanks for taking my question. A bunch of questions on the advanced packaging front thus far. And I guess simply put we're kind of trying to figure out how the test intensity changes. Maybe you could just give us an example, an application processor moves into a fan-out package, what's the increase in overall test time that you might see from that kind of an event?
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So the device simply moving into – if that was the only device moving into that advanced package there would be very little test time impact. But in conjunction with that move, other passive devices, for example, may move into that substrate. That increases the test time. So resisters, capacitors, other things you would typically find perhaps on a printed circuit board in a phone or a flex print board will move onto the substrate. Those things from a semiconductor test point of view were never in the mix for being tested. So that adds some complexity. But that's not the big trend. Over the horizon we'll be incorporating more and more other pieces of silicon into that package. So the AP alone gives what I was describing earlier maybe a 10% bump to test time but as you also put in power management ICs, RF transceivers, Wi-Fi chips onto that substrate, then that intensity increases beyond that 10% factor. So if you added up the test time of let's say the five or six chips, the key chips in a phone cingulated, then instead of cingulated manufacturing incorporate all the die in a single advanced packaged substrate, you're going to see everything else being equal, a test time that's 1.2 plus times longer than if they were cingulated. And that's – that still may be a year or two away – first step.
David Duley - Steelhead Securities LLC: Okay. And could you talk a little bit about what you think the impact of the order pull-ins were in the fourth quarter, how much do you think did get pulled in from the first quarter or later this year?
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's probably on the order of a couple hundred million. So when we look across Q4 and Q1, we expect that the combined two-quarter period will actually show bookings up pretty significantly over our prior Q4 and Q1 average. So as far as we can have visibility at this point, the net momentum in Q1, in other words, that $200 million order didn't come out of Q1, per se. Q1 still looks pretty strong in terms of orders. So yes, $200 million showed up in Q4 but it's not yet clear to us that that means we're going to be down $200 million across Q1 and Q2.
David Duley - Steelhead Securities LLC: So you think that Q1 orders will still be robust and..?
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. In other words, I don't expect that they would be $200 million down simply because we received $200 million of advanced orders in Q4.
David Duley - Steelhead Securities LLC: Okay. Final thing from me is you talked about improving Mobility demand. Did you see improvement from the Android food chain or is this more the iOS food chain?
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I don't want to get into the specifics around that.
David Duley - Steelhead Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Andrew Blanchard - Vice President-Corporate Relations & IR Contact: And operator, we have time for just one more call, please.
Operator: Certainly. Our final question comes from the line of Patrick Ho with Stifel Nicolaus.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you very much. I just have one question on the cobot market as a whole. Given your early entry into that market you see the opportunities for growth right now. How do you see the competitive environment shaping up, both for 2016 over the next couple of years and I guess the reference point that I'm trying to use is the Wireless Test market you've got it, you had some really early growth but then obviously the competition helped I guess crater that market, how do you see the cobot market shaping up both for 2016 and over the next few years?
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Great question. So first of all, just to go back to the wireless space it was a little bit different in wireless. LitePoint was a late comer to that market but it came with a disruptive (58:17) product for manufacturing. So it came in, disrupted the big players. Everybody grew like mad in 2012 in Wireless Test including LitePoint. And what's occurred since then as the markets contracted there's four or five big guys in a shrinking room. LitePoint is picking up share. It's gone from 20% share in that boom period to 40% share today. But they were a late comer so very different. On the collaborative robot side of life, here we're in a market where UR is clearly the leader and out ahead. 60%, 70% share. So everybody else is trying to catch up and that as Greg described is why we are spending our time and strategy and money around developing the ecosystem to support our product line, our protocols, in advance of this wave in the market developing. The growth rate in collaborative robots is something that we're convinced is going to be at a very high, greater than 50% level for many, many years. And so we've get to get out and stay out ahead of it. We are ahead. And everybody that's in a traditional robot business and emerging startups will eventually try to enter this market. We're convinced of that. But if we have the ecosystem in place to make our products the easiest to deploy, the access to integrators who can solve whether it's pharmaceutical, chemistry, assembly, machine tending, all these different applications that today we have, we will be the easiest place to go for automating these tasks. So little bit of long-winded answer but it's to my mind a very different position we start with here. It's a leading position and it's very promising.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Andrew Blanchard - Vice President-Corporate Relations & IR Contact: Well great. Thanks everyone for joining us today and we look forward to talking with you in the days and weeks ahead.
Mark E. Jagiela - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andy Blanchard - VP, IR Mark Jagiela - CEO Greg Beecher - CFO
Analysts: Atif Malik - Citigroup Mehdi Hosseini - SIG Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Jagadish Iyer - Redstone Steven Chin - UBS C.J. Muse - Evercore Timothy Arcuri - Cowen and Company Tom Diffely - Davidson David Duley - Steelhead Krish Sankar - BoA
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kelly and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Teradyne Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Andrew Blanchard. Please go ahead, sir.
Andy Blanchard: Thank you, Kelly. Good morning everyone and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our CEO, Mark Jagiela, and our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks, we will provide details of our performance for the third quarter of 2015, and our outlook for the fourth quarter and provide some general market comments. The press release containing our third quarter results was issued last evening. We are providing slides on the investor page of the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion and those slides can be downloaded now or you can follow along live. In addition, replays of this call will be available via the same page about 24 hours after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from Management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release, as well as our most recent SEC filings. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We've posted additional information concerning those non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure where available on the Investor page of our website. Also, between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne will be participating in investor conferences hosted by UBS and Credit Suisse. Now let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, Mark will comment on our recent results and the market conditions as we enter the fourth quarter. Greg will then offer more details on our quarterly financial results, along with our guidance for the fourth quarter. We will then answer your questions and this call is scheduled for one hour. Mark?
Mark Jagiela: Thanks, Andy, and good morning, everyone. Today I will provide a brief summary of the highlight of our 2015 results to-date and then focus on how we're looking at 2016 and beyond for long term growth at Teradyne. Greg will then provide the details for the third quarter, the full year and our Q4 guidance. In Teradyne's core semi test business, the 2015 market is playing out about as we expected at the beginning of the year, as the annual SOC test market size is trending to about $2.1 billion, right in the $1.9 billion to $2.2 billion range we forecasted. The good news is that this is up from the previous down cycle odd year of 2013, where the market size was $1.9 billion. Validating that increase in device complexity and the reduction in the impact of parallel test is starting to have a positive effect on the market. We are pleased with our performance in this market as we moved our market share from about 40% to 50% over the past three years. A combination of tailoring our products for high growth sub-markets and cultivating higher growth customers has been and will continue to be our playbook for success. The memory test market is also performing as expected at about $500 million annual run rate. In memory, the technology story around test remains the increasing bus interface speeds that create demand for new testers. Our Magnum V continues to capture share in testing these higher speed, non-volatile devices. This trend will continue into 2016 as even higher speed UFS and PCIE versions of NAND will start to grow in the market. For Teradyne, the good news is that our same Magnum V platform will be testing these higher speed devices as the architecture was setup from the beginning to track these trends. Our storage test business has seen a nice rebound in 2015, with sales more than doubling over 2014, resulting in a solid return to profitability. Buying for enterprise hard disk drive test combined with new applications, testing solid state drives, has led to the doubling. Also as packaging of semiconductors moves to increasingly dense and complex system modules, we are finding applications in system level test or long application specific test suites can be run efficiently in our highly parallel environmentally controlled tester. In industrial automation, Universal Robots had record sales of $16 million. Our recently introduced UR3 robot arm saw strong demand in North America and China in particular. Earlier doctors of the new table top robot in the U.S. market are the automotive, electronics assembly, and high precision metal fabrication industries. Common applications are screw driving, glue dispensing, assembly, and product testing. In China, we are experiencing demand from medium to large companies within the electronics industry where the UR3 is typically used for pick and place tasks, machine loading, and light assembly. A good example that highlights the benefits of UR's collaborative robots and electronics assembly operations is Wistron. This Taiwanese manufacturer has quickly deployed over 60 UR robots to improve productivity in a laptop assembly operations. A video outlining Wistron experience can be found in the case story section of the UR website. Turning to the current environment, over the past few months we've had many investor questions related to our overall business conditions, given the worries about slowing emergent market growth. So far we've seen little impact to our business, while we are in no way immune to swings and macroeconomic growth, a longer term trends in semiconductors and automation remains solidly positive. Our third quarter unfolded much like those in the past. Semi test orders declined 47% sequentially about in the middle of the five year historical range of Q3 bookings decline, that normal seasonal order slowdown is reflected in our Q4 guidance. While it is too early to put a number on the SOC market size next year, we do expect historically SOC test buying patterns to continue in 2016 to be an up year for the industry. The drivers have test demand, unit growth and increasing complexity remain intact. While smartphone unit growth is slowing, forecasters still expect over 140 million incremental units in 2016, similar to the 2015 increment. And those units will have faster, more complex processors, more communication links, sharper displays, more storage, and every device will be optimized to extend battery life, all made possible by the advanced semiconductor devices that we test. As customers strive for higher performance, the smaller sizes with lower power consumption, advanced packaging technologies are becoming another area of differentiation for our customers. From a test perspective, we are well aligned both technically and commercially with this trend. Advanced packaging puts a premium on known good dye testing, as repair inside these packages is prohibitively expensive. More extensive testing at probe requires the precise accuracy and signal delivery technology built into our UltraFLEX. Longer term, we expect to see growth in semiconductor applications beyond just advance smartphones. Continued unit and complexity growth in automotive, industrial, and consumer products should keep the market on a solid footing for the foreseeable future. Two trends worth mentioning are 60 gigahertz applications and the continued proliferation of image sensors. A variety of applications are opening up around the 60 gigahertz and above frequency space. 802.11ad, automotive radar and cellular picocells are all developing new silicon technology to exploit this space. This in turn drives a new wave of test equipment for semiconductor test and a LitePoint. At LitePoint, we already feel that our first 60 gigahertz tester and early adopters are ready in devices for commercial applications in late 2016. On the semi test side, not only do these RF devices need a much higher carrier frequency and information bandwidth, the downstream chips that modulate, demodulate, and process the information digitally, also need much higher complexity, speed and processing power to manage the higher bandwidth. This in turn requires faster memories and bus speeds to keep up with the movement of information. All of this reinforces the complexity trend that drives the need for more test capability. Automotive radar is another emerging application in the 75 gigahertz to 80 gigahertz spectrum. Where enhanced driver safety and assistance packages will increasingly incorporate multiple transmitters and receivers per vehicle to monitor the surrounding environment, our UltraFLEX tester is positioned directly in line with these trends. In the case of image sensors, the diversity and unit volume forecast is exciting. At Teradyne we have about 70% share of the world's image sensor test business on our J750 platform. The trend to higher resolution sensors means more test seconds. Improved sensor performance in low light conditions means the low noise environment of the J750 is increasingly valued. Additionally, infrared, time of light, and other new sensor technologies will show up in phones, automobiles, and security applications, which will continue to fuel unit growth and driver tester demand. At LitePoint, our core connectivity and cellular test markets remain compressed, resulting in 2015 revenue coming in about flat with 2014. Looking forward we see new markets like 802.11ad, protocol testing, and a few yet to be announced new products opening up about $200 million new set of markets over the next two years. Four months into our acquisition of Universal Robots, things look very promising. A strong $16 million quarter, a strong new product launch of the UR3, and numerous research reports validating the rapid development of this market are all positive. We expect to continue strong growth at 50% of more per year as the range of applications for UR's collaborative robot continues to expand and the attach rate for those applications increases. We are committed to maintaining our leadership in this rapidly developing cobot market and we'll continue to invest in enabling the growth of Universal Robots. Finally, capital allocation plan including a balanced mix of dividends, buybacks, and M&A will continue to be our strategy. The past two years are evidence of this commitment with the initiation of our first dividend, our largest buyback in over 10 years and the promising acquisition of Universal Robots. In our January call, we plan to update you on our capital return plan for 2016. Now, here's Greg, to review the financial details. Greg?
Greg Beecher: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with the key accomplishments of 2015, as we near the finish line, then I'll outline how we are positioning ourselves for earnings growth in 2016 and thereafter, and wrap with the Q3 details in the fourth quarter outlook. This year we're tracking to just over $1.6 billion in revenue with a 20% operating profit rate and we'll generate about $300 million of free cash flow. As Mark, noted, we are pleased with this performance considering the annual pattern of smaller steps and mobility, complexity in odd years continued. This sets up the expected complexity jump in mobility next year. Looking at 2015, the year stands out for three key reasons. First, we're on track to have back-to-back years at just over $1.6 billion in sales versus the typically odd year pattern seen in 2011 and 2013, where sales declined about $200 million. Secondly, we have expanded into the fast growing cobot space with the addition of the market leader, Universal Robots. And third, we're on track to return $350 million in capital to shareholders. I'll quickly comment on each of these three important milestones. First, on the strong back-to-back years, we described last quarter that the UltraFLEX lease tester buyout added just over $100 million of revenue in 2015. We've also seen continued strength in image sensor test up about three fold from last year with the high growth in pixel count, multiple cameras per phone, and the increasing use of connected safety and security driving demand. Analog has also seen strength led by automotive applications, where semi content is growing for safety and entertainment, and finally we've commented on the start of the shift in the buy rate line with the slowing of parallel test efficiencies and the increase in device complexities. These factors have held up semi test in an odd year and when combined with the strength in storage tests and Universal Robots have kept us about $200 million above the recent down-market years of 2011 and 2013. But if you look more strategically at 2015, or the two year 2014-2015 period, it actually reflects a very careful and targeted market segment and account focus. This is how for many years we've been able to invest far less OpEx than our largest semi test competitor, well at the same time gaining share and achieving top VLSI Research customer satisfaction ratings. In short, we're well in line to the higher growth segments and accounts and mobility, analog, market controllers, and image sensor, with our fast timely market software, tight accuracy specs, and high test system throughput. We have equally avoided some closely adjacent semi test segments and offerings which have declining or razor thin profit pools. This includes microprocessor testing, commodity DRAM testing, and a slew of test cell offerings such as probe cards, handlers and simple dibs. Now moving to the second important 2015 milestone. The acquisition of the Universal Robots, UR has expanded the definition of a cobot beyond just a safe force limited robot that is one that doesn't need protective caging as it will stop when it feels any pressure in a handful of milliseconds, to also being a robot that is smart and easy to train and redeploy. UR's unique foregoing model shatters the past model and enables UR cobots to be deployed by the very small sub-manufacturers. It is the ultimate equalizer for small and medium size enterprises as you don't need skilled engineering resources on staff. This simple to train capability is one of the key reasons UR is a clear leader with SME's. These customers are able to get a very fast payback often about six months and they also know they can easily redeploy their UR cobot when the demand invariably changes. Universal Robots is on track to achieve about $60 million in sales in calendar 2015, and we expect 50% type growth next year. At this early stage cobots have fairly penetrated the available market and some third parties have pegged the - at over $3 billion by 2020. UR's product lead has attracted many of the top distributors and integrators and there is a growing army of third parties developing solutions and many different protocols on Universal's platform, which should further extend their formidable market lead. So, once solely be about having the best product, it will also be about having a developed and robust ecosystem which will be increasingly hard for followers to replicate on their platform. Now, shifting to the third important milestone. We're on track to return $350 million in capital this year. This sizeable level of cap return signals the strong confidence we have in our future earnings power. We also stepped up the pace of buybacks for the third quarter given the financial market weakness. With our steady performance of solid free cash flow averaging about $215 million a year since 2011, we've had two fundamental strategic choices at the stream to immediately return all of our profits to shareholders or to use these profits to grow the topline through M&A. We’ve elected neither extreme, rather we use a very balanced approach, where at any one time period we may favor highly selective M&A or higher levels of capital return simply depending on what is the best financial return at the time considering both our stock price and the small number of attractive opportunities in our M&A funnel. So, now shifting to 2016 and beyond as Mark described, we see favorable trends. These include rising complexity, the slowing of parallel test, and the need for tighter accuracy and higher quality testing. I'll take a quick moment to comment on the tighter performance specs required for some of the new packaging used for mobile products. In advanced packaging for mobility markets, high performance devices are being placed much closer than in the past and they have very stringent power requirements which require more accurate tester instruments as found in the UltraFLEX. You may recall the UltraFLEX hit the market with the most efficient parallel test and then it became recognized for superior programming and debug tools critical for the vertical mobility ramps and now it's earning it's stripes yet again with it's performance for testing advanced packages. We are pipelining some inventory in the fourth quarter for 2016 demand to ensure we maintain attractive lead times, we did the same back in 2013, which positioned us well for the 2014 ramp. Shifting to the third quarter results, we closed the quarter with total cash and marketable securities of $1.077 billion, up $48 million from the prior quarter after returning $111 million through buybacks and dividends. Third quarter free cash flow of $159 million was due to strong profits and the sale of previously leased systems. On the buyback front, we've repurchased $13.4 million shares totaling $254 million at an average price of $19.02 through yesterday. We step that buying up in the third quarter to take advantage of market volatility, against our $500 million authorization we have the remaining balance of $246 million. As a quick reminder, we plan on buying back $300 million in 2015, which when combined with our quarterly dividend totaling about $50 million for the year, will lower our U.S. cash and marketable securities to a level much closer to our minimum U.S. cash operating balance of $400 million. As we've done in the past, we'll update you in January on our 2016 capital return plan. Now moving to the details of the third quarter, semi test bookings were $211 million, driven principally by the seasonal patterns and revenue was $326 million. We called our third quarter Company bookings typically fall 30% to over 60% from the second quarter levels. This drop off is due to the timing of annual mobility launches and the overall high consumer consumption connected with back-to-school and end of the year holiday buying. SOC test orders were $191 million and memory test orders were $20 million. Semi test service orders were $34 million of the total. Shifting to wireless test, we booked $40 million and recorded $55 million sales for the third quarter. LitePoint is on track to be about flat as last year with solid margins above our 15% industry target and has funded a series of new products that should benefit us in the years ahead. The wildcard for LitePoint in the foreseeable future remains our large customers buying patterns which have declined considerably from 2012 and 2013. It's too early to get a picture of 2016, but we expect further share gains with our production optimized solutions. Now, moving to system test, orders were $47 million in the quarter and shipments were $69 million. A substantial portion of those orders are annual service contracts and products with long lead times which will convert to revenue over the next year. In storage test, the 3.5 inch cloud demand should bring our annual sales to about $85 million versus only about $40 billion last year. As drive capacity continues to grow so does test time, and we're well positioned to capitalize on this demand with our new Saturn tester, which has up to 13,000 asynchronous slots. In industrial automation, we have bookings and sales of $16 million with strong demand across the topline. At the Company level, our sales were $466 million, non-GAAP gross margin was 56%, down from last quarter due to mix shift including increased storage test shipments. The non-GAAP operating profit rate was 23% and non-GAAP EPS was $0.40. We had one 10% customer in the quarter, you'll see our non-GAAP operating expenses over $100 million were down about $1 million compared to the second quarter due to lower variable compensation expense. Shifting to our outlook for the fourth quarter, sales are expected to be between $295 million and $320 million and the non-GAAP EPS range is $0.07 to $0.12 on 208 million diluted shares. Q4 guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles and the related tax impact. The operating profit rate at the midpoint of our fourth quarter guidance is about 8%. Our 2015 tax rate remains at 23% if the R&D test credit is reinstated for 2015, that rate will drop to 21%. So, in summary, 2015 will go down as our first back-to-back year for sales just over $1.6 billion versus the typical $200 million fall off, we've added Universal Robots, the clear cobot market leader to the Teradyne fold, and we're returning significant capital, a strong signal of our confidence in our future earnings power ahead. And 2016 is an even year where mobility complexity is our friend once again as it along with device unit growth drives more incremental testers demand. With that, I'll turn the call back to Andy.
Andy Blanchard: Thanks, Greg. Kelly, we'd now like to take some questions, and as a reminder please limit yourself to one question and a follow up.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question will comes from the line of Atif Malik with Citigroup.
Atif Malik: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Congratulations on the good quarter and decent guide. Question on integrated fan out packaging and you have a packaging for mobile devices next year. Can you talk about the impact on the test equipment demand next year and maybe you can compare the test times versus the package, unpackaged type testing?
Mark Jagiela: Sure, I think there's general trends and there is specific applications. But overall these packages require, as I mentioned in my remarks, much longer test times at probe in order to guarantee high yields coming out of a probe situation before they're mounted on that substrate. So what we expect to see is the probe test times will increase. Then for the integrated package itself, that will vary depending on what's integrated in to the package. But in general, if you look across probe and final insertion, the number of test seconds applied to the total part when it ships to let's say a phone manufacturer will be proportionately up as compared to the prior generation. So it may be up 10% or so. That's how we've modeled it at the moment. As it plays out next year we'll get a better read on it.
Atif Malik: Okay. And then the second question on system test sales, I mean system test sales were up 50% in the reported quarter. How should we think about the long-term revenue run rate and if you can also comment on WDC SanDisk merger. SanDisk is a big customer of yours on SSB side and WDC on ACB side. What impact the merger could have on your sales.
Mark Jagiela: Overall system test was strong this year because of storage test. And as we look forward, storage test is positioned reasonably well now with enterprise drive and SSE application. Wildcard for us is what I described as the system level test applications which are less storage related and more long cycle time burn-in applications. So on a baseline, I'd say we look at next year in that segment roughly flat with this year with the upside that's the system level test could provide a kicker. The combination, it's really too early to tell if the combination between Western Digital and SanDisk will matter in any significant way to us but that's how we're looking at the overall business.
Atif Malik: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Mehdi Hosseini with SIG.
Mehdi Hosseini : Thank you for taking my question. I'm looking at the market and if I just were to go and look at the market share, it seems like the turning the lease into a purchase has actually been instrumental in helping you to maintain the market share especially when I look at the market share trend over the past four years. As the lease program ends or turning the lease as approaches end, how should we think about your ability to maintain and exceed market share? Market share I'm referring to memory and SoC combined and I have a follow-up.
Greg Beecher: This is Greg. If you look at market share over a multiyear period, you can see that we've been steadily gaining quite considerably and your point that the $100 million or so this year really probably belonged last year, so last year's SoC market share is actually higher last year, a little bit lower this year. But if you put this all on a trend line, you see the trend line is very clear that we consistently are gaining market share and it's from a couple reasons. One is we're aligned to faster growing segments, the healthier segments that have growth and we've optimized our product solution set around the requirements of those growing segments have and that's what's gotten us this steady market share trajectory growth.
Mehdi Hosseini : Can you increase the share from here assuming that there won't be any impact from the lease program? Or should we assume the share remains unchanged?
Greg Beecher: I think for a long time now, almost seven or eight years, we've had a model about a point or so of market share gain per year in SoC. It never happens linearly and the market noise amplifies and shrinks that in any given year but we see the ability to move about a point of real market share a year up to at least in to that 60% range.
Mehdi Hosseini : Got it. And then moving on to the next topic in flow, there's a lot of noise and commentary out there but so far, and I think in flow or advanced pack aging has been discussed for the past 15 years and I still see a limited application. Do we have any signs out there that the key fruit company has decided to adopt this technology? Because if they don't adopt it, I see its application limited and especially with tests because you're going to be involved at a ratio level. In that context, the question is are you seeing any signs that the system company is actually going to step up and adopt this? And if not, how do you see the existing infrastructure that's been added over the past year is going to be utilized over the next one or two years until the system company adopts this technology?
Mark Jagiela: Two things. I can't comment at all on what any particular customer's plans might be. But in general I'll say two things. First, Teradyne as it relates to tests is reasonably indifferent in terms of impact to our business whether the technology is adopted or not. It shifts more test seconds to probe as I described earlier but net-net it's not a big swing factor for us. We think our product, the UltraFLEX has some advantages in advanced packaging tests but not a big swing. And second, do I think even though it's been around for 10 years, are we at an inflection point or adoption point in general in the industry? I think the answer to that is probably yes. The economics are improving quite dramatically it seems and the miniaturization of benefits are also compelling. So I would expect if we look over two to three years that you'll see a much faster adoption of advanced packaging than we've seen in the past three or four.
Mehdi Hosseini : Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Farhan Ahmad with Credit Suisse.
Farhan Ahmad: Thanks for taking my question. Just a quick question on the audio liner cyclicality for the last 10 years there's been a trend where your revenues grow every even and odd they decline. One thing that's also been going on for last 10 and even much longer has been that we've been on a two-year cadence which seems to be taking a break this year, and we are basically on to any nanometer/16 nanometer north. Instead of two years to three years and 10-nanometer is most likely not going to be introduced next year in to most products. So I wanted to ask you if you think that could have an impact in any way for next year and if the [indiscernible] in any way had anything to do with the cyclicality of odd or even year that you saw in your business.
Mark Jagiela: I think it's a reasonable point that usually when a new process note is introduced, there is a little bit extra bind of capacity for fuel issues surrounding that new node. So next year the absence of any dramatic step in lithography might dampen somewhat the peaking, but what happens when it peaks in the past is the following year it gets amplified in terms of the absorption of that expert capacity as yields improve. So if it does dampen slightly the peak next year, it will serve to raise the following year's buying. So long-term trend, the node issue doesn't inflate the long-term market. It just amplifies the peaks and valleys.
Farhan Ahmad: Got it. Thank you. And then one question on your storage business. Could you just give some clarity in to how much of your business is coming from hard drive versus SSDs and also in terms of the SSD test market, house your market share in that particular market and how big is the overall market because we’ve seen pretty healthy growth in SSD and I wanted to understand if that could be a big driver for you going forward as you introduce new products and can increase market share in that area.
Greg Beecher: I'll take that one. Last year a good part or most part of demand was SSD. This year it's more magnetic or hard drive demand with some SSD demand. First on the hard drive side, as you probably know, we're the only freestanding merchant supplier so we have a very strong position with the three buyers that are out there. The only other competitor is captive now in Cgate. In terms of SSD we have multiple applications at a strategic account and we're speaking to other customers to see if there are test times and their volumes make sense to use our solution. It's early in that process. We do believe that market is going to grow for us. But it needs some time to play out and as again units and volumes grow and test times get longer, I think that moves them toward our solution.
Farhan Ahmad: Thank you. That’s all I had.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jagadish Iyer with Redstone.
Jagadish Iyer : Hi, thanks for taking my question. Two questions Greg, Mark. First on your - looking at how should we think about LitePoint going forward in 2016 and the backdrop of your comments saying that slowing smartphone growth next year. And what are some things you can do to back the trend for LitePoint? Then I have a follow-up.
Mark Jagiela: Okay. I'll take the first part of that. LitePoint I'll start with is very healthy on a bottom line profit rate-wise and has been able to gain market share year after year as a very production optimized solution. The competitors tend to come at it from a different DNA whether it's an R&D, DNA or other type solution and it's not optimized for the problem at hand so I expect LitePoint will continue to do quite well at production testing albeit that market we can press. So what has LitePoint done to improve their lot in life? A year ago they got designed in to a bunch of the Asian up and coming cellular players. Unfortunately a number of them have not done terribly well this year so we have initial design wins but there hasn't been much activity for anybody over there. So we'll continue to monitor that situation and hopefully improve our position when buying does eventually return. But we've also have introduced some new products. Some we'll talk to you more about in the future but these new products will take some time to latch. And they will open up new markets and we expect the LitePoint high differentiation production optimized DNA will show up in these new products that you'll hear more about as we get into next year.
Greg Beecher: And so I do think cover that a little bit more, the $200 million of new TAM we're talking about is really how we expect LitePoint to return to growth over the next couple of years. The traditional cellular and connectivity space, we expect the market size there will maintain its level. It's not expected to grow and it's expected to remain very competitive. But the emergence of this AD standard at 60 gigahertz is really different than the typical progression in Wi-Fi and connectivity of old where you went from G to N to AC. This is a very different application and a different test insertion in mobile devices and other devices that will emerge. So that's one. And protocol testing is another area where LitePoint has now participated in and we're now moving products in to that set of applications. So it's really TAM expansion with new products is the strategy at LitePoint.
Jagadish Iyer : Okay. Fair enough. Then a big picture question, your shares have been somewhat range gone for a while, and given your cash position and what choices you might have in terms of potentially raising additional capital, what is management's strategy in terms of crossing over the hurdle of your stock price, would love to hear your thoughts including your Visa on accelerated buyback.
Greg Beecher: This year we're returning significant capital $350 million, about that amount. And we're lowering our available U.S. cash to about $400 million, a little bit above that, and that's what we want to maintain as a buffer for some possible severe downturn which we don't see but every 10 years you kind of have an event. In terms of how we get the shares out of this range bound, we have plans to grow each of our businesses quite considerably that could get us in the midterm to a $2 EPS stock price. So the organic plan is job 1, and that includes Universal Robots is going to be a big contributor. Semi test is going to continue what they've been doing and staying on that trend line of share gain with some of the improvements in the market based upon parallel tests slowing down and intensity increasing. I think we'll give some help in the market size. And then we'll also return, every time we’ll return a bit more capital and that could take some shares out. So we have a plan that we're looking to formulize in the fourth quarter that will tighten up how we think we can get to $2 four years out and that very well could include another acquisition. It doesn't have to but that certainly could be a part of the plan as well.
Jagadish Iyer: Excellent. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Steven Chin with UBS.
Steven Chin: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. So you mentioned in the press release that you would be making some selective inventory investments in Q4. Just wanted to get some color on what that relates to, what the magnitude of the inventory build might be, and then what gives you confidence that 2016 we'll see this big pickup in demand.
Greg Beecher: The rough numbers are at the end of the fourth quarter if you look at our balance sheet carefully you'd probably see $50 million more of inventory. Some of it will be in inventory. Some will be in a prepaid account depending how the accounting works with our contract manufacturer. So about $50 million of more inventory in the fourth quarter. And we have high confidence with this demand based upon extensive very close discussions all along the way. We've been in a similar situation a couple years ago too, in the last odd year going in to an even year. So we've been down this path before and we feel good about it and this is also inventory that can be used across a broad set of customers as well. This whole even odd year has played out for many years because there's a bigger step in some of these new phones that come out in the even year, and that’s much more test time, greater complexity so we see that continuing and that drives ultimately the demand.
Steven Chin: Got it. And then we heard commentary that Q4 might be seasonally week for some of the OSAT customers. Just curious to hear whether you’re seeing that weakness and that’s into Q4 guidance, so you're expecting a pickup after Q4 into early 2016.
Greg Beecher: We think we factored everything in that's knowable in to the fourth quarter guidance. Some of the segments that remain strong are image sensor and mobility. So they're holding up. And we think next year should start off healthy. So we're feeling good about the first quarter even though it's some time away.
Mark Jagiela: I think if you look at - there's a broad spectrum of utilization depending on the segment. Some segments are incredibly tight and capacity is being added and pulled on quite rapidly here in the fourth quarter and others are black as happens throughout the seasons. So all in all to us it doesn't seem to be that different from prior Q4s that we've seen.
Steven Chin: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of C.J. Muse with Evercore.
C.J. Muse: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. First quick question is, the $2.1 for SoC does that include the $100 million in leases?
Mark Jagiela: Yes, it does.
C.J. Muse: Okay, great. Given your confidence for next year, I think one of the concerns that the market has is the A10 shift is not shrinking and therefore there will be less demand. At the same time you've talked about lower benefit of parallelism. You talked about a 10% uptick in terms of packaging and test times there. Would love if you could maybe dig a little bit deeper holistically for the whole year, what's driving the confidence and what's mitigating the lack of the shrink in the mobility side and then also are you expecting within that image censor based in RF metric et cetera growing as well over the certain pockets that's given the confidence that overall mobility and overall SoC can grow year-on-year.
Mark Jagiela: Well again without being specific around any particular part or customer, I think that what we see at this point in the year are early samples from our customers where test program development occurring for parts that should ramp next year and we get a little bit of visibility into the test times and the sort of intensity of those parts that becomes much clear as we get into January. But as we look at it when we look at those early finds we see that the trends that we’ve talked about are continuing and therefore we would expect to get an even year type impact from a broad set of devices not just any one particular part but even on the cellular side with RF transceivers and such you see the proliferation of more frequency bans in phones. You see the adoption of more antennas and mi-mo. All of those things contribute to incremental test intensity.
C.J. Muse: That’s very helpful. In fact if I could just follow up I guess on the non-mobility parts of SoC, I believe this year linear was a great year for catalog business auto down two years standing here today what kind of visibility you have there into next year.
Mark Jagiela: Yes that’s a harder one to read. Linear started out very strong, it’s cooled off a bit here. It's very episodic, is the history there and doesn’t follow a good pattern. So that piece of the markets I think standing here today is harder to prognosticate for next year. On automotive, I think what automotive is going to show - it’s historically shown is a very steady slow growth and the safety related enhancements to cars that will roll out over to next three to five years whether it’s autonomist driving or driver assistant. Well really I think impact the test side of life a couple of years down the road. When we were in 2017 and 2018 I think we will really see the automotive market take off for tests. Right now the devices are somewhat in early development. So, I would expect automotive next year to be about the same in a kicker coming in 2017 and 2018.
C.J. Muse: Great, very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Timothy Arcuri with Cowen and Company.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks. I had two questions. I guess the first question is on the fourth quarter. Usually, when you revenue in Q4 is somewhere between what you book in Q3 and what you book in Q4 and so for you to revenue midpoint of 308 roughly, it would imply that bookings have to be down and that seems a little odd given that systems should be up, typically up seasonally in the fourth quarter. So that would say that semi tests orders are to be down and yes things are bad for sure. We know that, but semi test orders in the fourth quarter are almost never down. So I am just sort of wondering if you can bridge the gap between your revenue guidance and may be what you expect from a bookings perspective.
Mark Jagiela: Tim, the fourth quarter guidance is at this moment our best view of what will happen and as you know we tend to set the guidance somewhat cautiously given our history of least meeting or beating, but that’s what we see now and there are some customers that are likely get testers in early Q1 not late Q4 given lead times that we have now. Some of the orders seems to be coming in late this quarter, but we expect to be a good quarter so it’s just how to slop plan all shakes out and maybe there is a tad of conservatism added to it.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay, so I guess Greg just on that point, so that would argue, I mean it would sort to seem to say that Q1 may be that’s up a little better than a typical Q1 I mean, Q1 typically out but it would seem like it might be up a little more this year than typically is.
Greg Beecher: Could be, Tim.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay, thanks. And then just last sort of big picture question have you guys gone through and over the $1.1 billion which are getting from SoC have you tried to part this by end market and sort of focusing on how much that’s coming from the industrial and the automotive markets.
Greg Beecher: We have although we don’t spend a lot of time trying to do that because some of it is hard to bucket if it’s a wire, if it’s a land device is going into a PC application or some other application but in general as we look at our business roughly half of our business and slightly more than half is related to mobility, in some way, shape, or form in semi test and the SoC side. So figure somewhere 55%, 60% of our revenue comes from mobility related devices but that includes image sensors are in there, power managements in there, base band, apps processors there some linear in there, touch screen controllers, micro controllers there is a lot of things in there that roll up to that number. Automotive in linear are roughly about the same that may be somewhere between 15% to 20% each and we tend to be pretty low than in PCs but those are the kind of the four buckets we try to drop things in and watch.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks so much.
Operator: Next question will come from the line of Tom Diffely with Davidson.
Tom Diffely: Yes, good morning. First, I wanted to dive into the commentary you make about the decreasing efficiencies that parallel test going forward. How do those trends vary between your memory and logic side of the business?
A – Mark Jagiela: I think that logic is more where we see the inflection points where deficiency is starting to diminish. The memory side is really a harder area characterize in any general way because for example as NAND flash devices go from toggle NAN to the serial interfaces, the connection to the device during test will become perhaps lower pin count or pumping more data through a narrower pipe. So the test to resource is diminish per device. So, let’s say CapEx per device may go down a bit. The capability per device goes up, but so I think the way you net it all out is in memory what – memory has been able to do is grow - bit grow quite dramatically and have a market that 's flat to $500 million through a variety of test optimization techniques and I expect that will continue. I do not expect the memory market will show some form of growth, whereas on the logic side we do see these inflection points happening.
Tom Diffely: Okay. Do you see a wall for some of these tricks a few years down the road or is it situation where - or you can see looks like efficiencies are going to continue to work in?
A – Mark Jagiela: Well that's really hard. We’re not planning on a wall. There is always for quite some time people have thought there might be a wall but I think the memory devices - the one thing that somewhat encouraging in memory that I will put out there as a carry, but I’m not then going to change my flat market is that the diversity of the types of DRAMs and the diversity of the types of non-volatile memories is growing. And as that - one of the things that has helped get efficiency and test is that, design for test optimization was possible because the proliferation of device types was relatively few and the design money in silicon area could be amortized over a lot of devices. As memories get a little more niche in custom perhaps that will be less affordable and it maybe more economical to do test versus do design.
Tom Diffely: Okay. That's helpful. And then looking at your bookings obviously the Asian bookings were down normal seasonality there but what drove the increase in Japan?
Greg Beecher: As I mentioned – as we talked about them, Japan has been very good market for us. One of the segments there that’s strong is image sensors. So image sensor is a large part of that story.
Tom Diffely: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of David Duley with Steelhead.
David Duley: Yes, thanks for taking my question. Just a couple of clarification. When you talk about the SoC market and the impact of this odd even from the big apps processor customer. What generally is the delta in that segment of the market on an annual basis between the even and the odd years? Is it a $200 million increase or more or less, could you give us some sort of idea what the swing factor here is?
Greg Beecher: You could actually look at our financials and you can see we go from 14 to 16, we go back and forth. So it can be roughly in that neighborhood. Now this year, we didn’t fall back for the reasons we outlined before but if this was the historic pattern we would have fallen back, close to $200 million. You can also see those are even years the margin percent goes down, but the dollars go up. So that's the pattern we were largely referring to.
David Duley: So, if we would naturally apply that pattern to this upcoming year we might naturally looked at the SoC test business for you would be up at least $200 million.
Greg Beecher: It certainly could be up. You got to keep in mind, there was a 100 million of lease testers that hit this year that really were put in place last year, and that was more of a financing settlement this year but the capacity was put in place last year. So you might want to just think about that as well.
David Duley: Okay. And then I think when you bought the Universal Robot business, you talked about 50% annual growth and that was without any - that was what was already in place with the backlog and the customers, the company already had.  I think it was your plan to add some larger electronics customers. Could you talk about what you’re seeing thus far on that initiative, and what kind of growth rate that distribution could add to that initial growth rate.
Greg Beecher: First of all that initial growth rate wasn’t predicated on any backlog. It’s a high turns business and sustaining 50% over multiple years is really presumes penetration in a wide variety of market. Now in electronics test area, one of the things we described there is that, the sales cycle for our customers, for these large deployments tends to be longer than the typical Universal Robots sales cycle to a small to medium size enterprise. A sale cycle there could be on the order of a handful of weeks or as with these large OEMs, it could be six to nine months because they're just looking at different scales and evaluated at different levels. So, we are in the middle of several evaluations that our customers those started in the third quarter and we would expect to see results coming there sometime early next year.  And at the same time, Universal Robots as I mentioned the example of Wistron, Wistron is a large ODM. They manufacture a variety of things, laptops, computers. They have electronics assembly. They’ve put 60 robots into a variety of tests around that piece. So Universal Robot on their own has been penetrating electronic assembly and what we would expect to see is around test some incremental business in early next year. 
David Duley: So say it another way is, the growth rate could accelerate sometime mid next year based on you bringing more customers to the table.
Greg Beecher: It very well may but remember they will be running - next year we would expect them to be running at a 50% rate close to 90 million and so what we would add on to that is speculative next year but it’s probably in the first year in order of a handful of 5 to 10 million kind of number.
David Duley: Okay. Thank you. 
Mark Jagiela: And operator we have time for just one more question please.
Operator: You have a question from the line of Krish Sankar with BoA.
Krish Sankar: Hi, thank for squeezing me in. Just a couple of quick questions. Not to be a dead horse on this mobile SoC increase next year and I do remember couple of years ago when the demand went up and you guys have fully sold out loss on share to advance this, I understand that’s why we’re building up inventory. Are you getting any indications from your customers to do it or you’re just being prudent in anticipation of a sharp ramp for next year?
Mark Jagiela : We don’t want to talk about specific customer but other signals we can read will suggest we should be well positioned, so we feel very good about this mobility complexity jump, we think it will happen every way we look at it, it looks very good to us but I can’t get any more specific than that.
Krish Sankar: Got it. And then just as a follow-up with Universal Robots, let’s say you guys have raised profiles for cobots in general, I’m wondering have you seen any increase in competition associated with Japanese robotic makers in the last few months or do you think it’s still early that there is enough room for everybody to have the launch and not try to grab the other ones.
Mark Jagiela: Yes I would say we’ve seen no impact or slowdown or anything related to what is and will continue to be a lot of players trying to participate in the market but the market is growing rapidly. We are still leading supplier, we intend to stay there nothing from the competitors at this point has resulted in any impact we see.
Krish Sankar: Got it Thanks Mark, thanks Greg.
Andy Blanchard : Thank you everyone for joining us this morning and those in the queue I will get back to you immediately after this call. This concludes the call and we look forward to talking to you in the days and weeks ahead.
Mark Jagiela: Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andy Blanchard - VP, IR Mark Jagiela - CEO Greg Beecher - CFO
Analysts: C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch Timothy Arcuri - Cowen and Company Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group Jagadish Iyer - Redstone Tech Research Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co. Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus Sidney Ho - Deutsche Bank Steven Chin - UBS Chelsea German - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brandi and I will be your conference operator for today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Teradyne Q2 2015 earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Andy Blanchard, VP of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Andy Blanchard: Thank you, Brandi. Good morning everyone and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our CEO, Mark Jagiela, and our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks, we will provide details of our performance for the second quarter of 2015, our outlook for the third quarter and provide some general market comments. The press release containing our second-quarter was issued last evening. We are providing slides on the investor page of the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion. Those slides can be downloaded now or you can follow along live. If you don't see the download icon, simply refresh the page. In addition replays of this call will be available via the same page about 24 hours after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from Management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release, as well as our most recent SEC filings. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We've posted additional information concerning those non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure where applicable, on the investor page of our website. Also, between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne will be participating investor conferences hosted by Pacific Crest, Needham & Company, Citibank and Deutsche Bank. Now let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, Mark will comment on our recent results and the market conditions as we enter the third quarter. Greg will then offer more details on our quarterly financial results, along with our guidance for the third quarter. We will then answer your questions. This call is scheduled for one hour. Mark?
Mark Jagiela: Thanks, Andy, and good morning, everyone. In today's call, I'd like to focus on three topics, our first-half highlights, our outlook for the remainder of 2015, and our recent acquisition of Universal Robots. The first half of 2015 has been very solid for Teradyne, with sales and operating profit running higher than expected following a cyclically strong 2014. Overall, first-half sales were about flat with 2014, while non-GAAP EPS was up 8%, due mainly to better mix. When compared with the first half of 2013, the last down-cycle year, the results are even more striking, with revenue up 21% and non-GAAP EPS up over 30%. I'd also like to note that we are $156 million through our $500 million authorized stock buyback and we returned $26 million in dividends year to date. Typically, over the past five years we've seen annual cycles in our semiconductor test business where even years have had more capital intensity than odd years. This is correlated with larger advancements in mobile device complexity in those even years and thus longer test times and larger instrument configurations in our testers. Odd years have been a period of optimization and more incremental complexity advancement. While we expect this even/odd year trend to continue, we do see some moderation in 2015's swing, as device complexity is increasing at more than typical levels for a down-cycle odd year. In 2015, we still expect the overall SoC semi test market to be moderately down from 2014's $2.35 billion level to the $2 billion to $2.25 billion range. However, we expect Teradyne's segments and customers to perform better than the overall market. Part of our uplift in 2015 is due to lead systems installed in 2014 converting to sales in 2015. Greg will provide more details on this in a few minutes. However, we are also seeing other encouraging signs as having less exposure to PC related semiconductors and more exposure to apps processors, image sensors and analog has also lifted our performance. Despite the ongoing slowing of Smartphone unit growth rates, we continue to see the positive impact on test demand stemming from unit volume growth. In addition, test intensity is being driven by the increasing complexity of applications processors, baseband processors, power management ICs and image sensors. Image sensor test demand has been a particularly bright spot this year. This uptick comes from the increasing pixel resolution of imagers as well as growing unit volume from mobile and applications. On top of that, there's the broadening adoption of image sensors in automotive, security and industrial applications. Analog test is another bright spot. Eagle Test had the best two-quarter stretch of orders since 2010. Automotive semiconductors, which have higher test intensity than other markets, was a major factor in this performance. The automotive market also supported microcontroller test demand, another strong segment in the quarter. While the test demand for analog and microcontroller products can vary widely quarter to quarter, we expect automotive demand will be a very solid long-term balloon for the test market. Memory test orders of $90 million in the first half were the highest level in our history. These results were powered primarily by the success of our Magnum V product, which was designed to deliver superior economics for both flash and wafer test of DRAM. This combination provides customers with the required cost performance benefits along with added flexibility for their test operations. In wireless test, our LitePoint business is up slightly from 2014 for the first six months of the year. In second quarter, LitePoint recorded it strongest quarterly order level in two years, making up for light ordering in Q1. Strong connectivity and improving cellular test demand were responsible for the uptick. Short-term market conditions remain difficult to forecast, but our outlook for the full year market is unchanged at the low end of the $450 million to $600 million range. In system test, orders were up 67% in the first half compared to last year on strength in storage test. We continue to see strong storage test demand for 3.5 inch drive testing for enterprise applications. Also, our SSD test product is generating follow-on orders to last year's design wins. At the same time, the continued slowdown in the PC space has reduced 2.5 inch drive demand and we recorded an inventory charge to reflect the weak outlook in this segment of the business. So with a shallower than expected down year in SoC and stronger storage and memory test sales, we're slightly ahead of 2014's financial performance at the midpoint of the year. As we look forward to the second half of 2015, we expect the normal seasonal slowdown in orders as we've seen in prior years. Finally, we've added a significant growth driver to Teradyne with the purchase of Universal Robots in June. As I noted when we announced our plan, collaborative robots are an entirely new class of automation. They are small, low-cost, easy to set up and program and can safely work side-by-side with people in a production setting. Universal Robots provides Teradyne three clear benefits. First, it's serving an emerging market undergoing rapid expansion that should show growth for decades to come. Second, universal robots is the market leader and innovator in this space. Third, there's a clear application of Universal Robots products to automate manufacturing steps at our system test and LitePoint customers. The cobot market is new and developing rapidly and has been growing at over a 50% annual rate to an estimated $100 million market size this year. Estimates for the market size in 2020 range from $1 billion to over $3 billion, a very wide range but at either size, a rapidly growing market in the next few years. Universal Robots has led the way in developing collaborative robots and is the premier company in the field. They are the clear leader, having sold more cobots than any other supplier and have been profitable for several years while funding revenue growth of 4X from 2011 through 2014. Their products are right in the sweet spot of what manufacturing customers need to get a quick return on investment. Using a growing network of over 100 distributors worldwide, they've developed a broad set of applications in industries including automotive, food processing, machining, plastics and metallurgy, pharmaceuticals and countless more. Tasks ranging from machine tending, assembly operations, packaging, polishing, quality inspection and others are enabled by UR's smart, simple cobots. So what's the fit with Teradyne? Greg will elaborate on this more in a few minutes, but let me give you the key points. The overwhelming use of collaborative robots today is in a wide range of industries outside of electronics. Those industries have been driving UR's cobot market expansion to date, given the compelling economics that UR's products offer. We also expect those industries will continue to be the largest user of cobots in the future. However, we see an under-exploited opportunity in the electronics manufacturing segment. The flexibility and adaptability of Universal Robots cobots allow for cost-effective automation in an environment that has traditionally been hampered by the need to handle nonstandard form factors and frequent product changeovers. Initially, this will be assisting in the automation of testing at our system test and LitePoint customers where, unlike the semiconductor world, material handling for test is still a repetitive manual process. Expanding beyond tests, there are many adjacent manufacturing operations at these customers that will also benefit from Universal Robots cobot advantage. We'll use Teradyne's customer relationships, scale, and global footprint to accelerate UR's growth in these attractive markets. We are delighted to have the UR team and their bright future now a part of Teradyne. I will now turn things over to Greg for a review of the financial details. Greg?
Greg Beecher: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with some brief comments on the year, update you on Universal Robots and its impact on our model and then cover the second-quarter results in more detail and the third-quarter outlook. On the demand front, 2015 is shaping up as a pretty good year with first-half sales of $855 million. As Mark noted, you can see from our past annual sales that the odd years, 2011, 2013 have had lower sales and that the even years, 2012 and 2014 have had considerably higher sales. So with this as a backdrop, the first half of 2015 is well above the most recent off year of 2013. The 2015 strength is due to several factors, including a significant majority of the lease testers we've discussed in past calls being converted to outright sales, the slowing of parallel tests and longer test times due to greater complexity and solid image sensor and analog test means. First, on the lease testers. In the first quarter, we received orders from a third-party lessor for about a third of those leased systems. In the second quarter, most of the remaining systems purchased. A small portion of the systems were returned. We've recognized about two-thirds of the purchase system revenue to date and the remainder will be recognized in the third quarter. These lease transactions had the effect of shifting some revenue into 2015 that otherwise would've been recognized in 2014 as the actual test capacity was put in place last year. Next, the slowing of parallel tests in some complex mobility applications is also giving us a lift. Let me quickly explain this. Each time site counts are increased, the savings arise from amortizing the fixed costs of a tester over more and more sites. Hence, the greatest savings is from going from 1 to 2 devices and thereafter naturally diminishes as the fixed cost of a tester becomes a smaller and smaller component. On top of this, the interfaces between the tester in the devices under test have become much more costly and complex to engineer for complex mobility parts, which can have over 1,000 pins. These two forces are at work and are helping our TAM this year. Shifting next to the added complexity, apps processors now can have over 2 billion transistors, up nearly 100% from two years ago and the number of bands and modes in LTE transceivers are up 50% over the same period. Power management devices can now have 25 to 35 unique power supplies to manage, growing 10% to 20% a year. This steady advancement of added performance means far more device complexity and associated test data volume, which ultimately drives up test times. The strength Mark noted in image sensor and analog is very beneficial for us, as we maintain strong share with our leading IP 750 and ETS product families. This year, we expect image sensor tester demand to increase by a factor of threefold over last year. As Mark noted, analog is also strong this year, with automotive applications a key driver. I'll quickly shift to the recent soft patches cited by others in PC demand, OSAT buying and storage test. And PCs, we have very little direct exposure, as we tied our wagon to mobility years ago, so apart from the excess hard disk drive inventory charge of $8 million in the second quarter related to 2.5 inch tester demand, we've not been affected by this decline. The recent OSAT weakness referenced by many sell site analysts was dialed into our guidance when we outlined 2015 as a down year. And in storage test, we expect revenue in the range of $60 million to $80 million but not above it, which we thought might've been possible a quarter ago. The other weakness widely reported has been in the Asia mobility market. And that has, in fact, moderated LitePoint's follow-on business this year after scoring several key design wins at leading Asia smart phone manufacturers last year. Despite this headwind, LitePoint has had a good first half and continues to operate above the Company's 15% operating model with its strong market share, production optimized solutions and lean model. Turning to our seasonal demand patterns, recall that our third-quarter Company bookings typically fall 30% to over 60% from the second-quarter levels. This drop off is due to the timing of annual mobility launches and the overall high consumer consumption connected with back-to-school and end of the year holiday buying. So with the first half behind us, we are pleased with first-half sales of $855 million and a non-GAAP operating profit rate of 23%. Please note that while we operate a very tight model, it's not at the expense of customer satisfaction. For the third year running, we've won the prestigious VLSI Research semi cap equipment customer satisfaction survey. We also expect next year to be in on year with another step up in mobility performance, which we'll comment more later in the year. Now shifting to Universal Robots, let me update you on UR's model and its impact to Teradyne. In the short-term, UR is expected to have sales of about $60 million for its full 2015 calendar year, with a 15% operating profit rate. We expect UR to grow 50% or more a year for the next few years and steadily move up to a 20% operating profit rate. It's gross margins should run in the low 50%s. As a Danish company, it will have some currency risk, but this should largely be offset by a light level of revenue and cost, hence currency swings should largely be mitigated on the bottom line. Given our planned 2015 revenue levels and geographic sales mix, we expect no meaningful impact on earnings from currency changes this year. This foreign exchange sensitivity in the updated model are shown in the slide deck for your reference. Recall that our company model shows the sales level needed to achieve the industry profit rate of 15%, which would now be about $390 million a quarter versus the past $375 a quarter. We'll continue to target the 20% profit rate, which we've averaged over the last four years. As a quick reminder, UR does not have any meaningful customer concentration and serves many diverse industries. We expect electronics will add 15% or more to UR's total available market. In 2015, about 45% of their sales are expected to be European-based, 35% North America and 20% Asia-based. We used foreign cash for the purchase and at this point we'll keep UR's earnings offshore. I'll add a few quick comments on the fit, as Mark has covered the market growth, UR's sizable lead and differentiation. As you know, we long ago consolidated Semi Test and got the best assets, Eagle and Next Test. We added a new test market with LitePoint and more recently small tuck-in acquisitions such as AIT and ZTEC. However, we haven't identified any attractive candidates of greater size in our core test ponds, so a few years back we set our sights slightly further out with two main criteria. The first being long-term healthy secular growth and the second being strong customer or technology leverage. This led us to the collaborative robots space. I like to refer to this is a very close derivative to the A in automated test equipment. We see many opportunities to cross sell or introduce UR cobots to our wireless tests, production board tests, and even storage test customers. We started a number of UR pilot engagements with some of our customers earlier this year to begin to prove out the fit. Response has been very positive and there are several larger opportunities working their way through the buying funnel. We expect to accelerate UR's adoption and penetration into electronic assemblers while also providing them a strong platform to continue to grow in their existing markets. From a reporting perspective, UR will be a separate operating segment. We expect they will add $0.02 to $0.03 of non-GAAP EPS this year and $0.05 to $0.07 next year. Now moving to the corporate level, we will continue with our balanced approach of returning significant capital while also searching for highly attractive and complementary M&A. We'll constantly compare the very small number of M&A opportunities in our funnel against returning even more capital. On the buyback front, we've repurchased 7.9 million shares, totaling $156 million at an average price of $19.62 through yesterday. Against our $500 million authorization, we have a remaining balance of $344 million. As a quick reminder, we plan on buying back at least $300 million in 2015 which, when combined with our quarterly dividend totaling about $50 million, for the year, we'll lower our US cash and marketable securities to a level much closer to our minimum US operating balance of about $400 million. We closed the second quarter with total cash and marketable securities of $1.029 billion, down $242 million from the prior quarter due to UR purchase, which was a very good use of our offshore cash. Second quarter free cash flow was $131 million, due to strong profits and the benefit from the sale of leased assets. As we have done in the past, we will update you in January on our 2016 capital return plan. Now moving to the details of the second quarter, our sales were $513 million, gross margins were 58.4%, the non-GAAP operating profit rate was 28.5%, and non-GAAP EPS was $0.53. We had one 10% customer in the quarter. We had net inventory provisions of $12 million, or two points of margin. You'll see our non-GAAP operating expenses of $153 million were up about $10 million compared to the first quarter, due to higher variable compensation accruals, which increase with higher profitability. Moving to our segment level details, semi test bookings were $395 million, driven principally by the seasonal patterns, SoC test orders were at $369 million and memory test orders were $26 million. Semi test service orders were $86 million of the total. Shifting to wireless test, we booked $84 million, our highest bookings level since Q2 of 2013 and reported $63 million in sales for the second quarter. Moving to system test, orders were $45 million in the quarter and shipments were $46 million. In industrial automation, for the very short partial period, UR had bookings of $5 million and sales of $4 million. Shifting now to the outlook for the third quarter, sales are expected to be between $450 million and $480 million and the non-GAAP EPS range is $0.35 to $0.41 on 212 million diluted shares. Q3 guidance includes a full quarter of UR cost, which adds about $6 million our quarterly OpEx run rate and excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles and the related tax impact. The operating profit rate at the midpoint of our third-quarter guidance is about 22%. Our 2015 tax rate outlook is now 23%, due principally to the sale of the lease testers. If the R&D tax credit is reinstated for 2015, that rate drops to 21%. So in summary, we are generating very strong returns from our core test businesses. Next year is expected to be in on, or up, year with another step change in mobility complexity. We're returning significant capital to our shareholders and we're seeing some healthy long-term trends emerging in our SoC market size. On top of all of this, we've added UR, the clear cobot leader, to the Teradyne fold and expect to help them grow their business even faster inside Teradyne. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Andy.
Andy Blanchard: Thanks Greg. Brandi, we'd now like to take some questions. As a reminder, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question is from C.J. Muse from Evercore.
C.J. Muse: Given the relatively better SoC backdrop here in 2015 and the reduced benefit of parallel testing, can you talk about how you think about SoC outlook for 2016, the puts and takes?
Mark Jagiela: Yes, C.J. We're certainly seeing some of those trends that we highlighted at the end of last year. The real key issue for 2016 will be the level of unit growth and complexity increase. I think on the complexity front, to us, from what we see now, that looks like it will have its normal step function improvement. We'll have to get to closer to 2016 to really understand what the unit volume is going to look like
C.J. Muse: Okay, that's helpful. And I guess as a follow-up, can you share with us what drove the uplift in LitePoint? That was particularly surprising and I think you talked mostly about connectivity. I'm curious the particular drivers were there. Thank you.
Mark Jagiela: CJ, the LitePoint pickup in business is the seasonal demand we tend to get at this time of year. We do expect LitePoint to be about the same sales level as last year, given the market size is about similar to last year, so we're very encouraged with this level of bookings but it doesn't significantly change what we expect for the full year and it's just simply the seasonal buying pattern. I did comment in my prepared remarks that the Asia beachheads that they got last year that they broke in, there isn't a whole lot of buying going on there in the non-premium smart phones, so we're hopeful at some point that picks up a bit and we can follow on from those additional design wins.
Greg Beecher: I'd only add that the visibility and the lead times in that business segment have, compared to last year, shortened even more, so a lot of the surprise in terms of the robust orders came in, in June. And we've adapted our supply chain to be able to respond quickly, why we were able to ship off a lot of that. It's truly almost in a handful of weeks of turns business.
Andy Blanchard: Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar with BOA.
Krish Sankar: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Couple of them – first one on the Universal Robot, at what point do you think the operating margin for them could expand more to the 20% range?
Mark Jagiela: I would expect over the next two to three years it would expand to the 20% range. So I would not say next year, but I think the year thereafter, thereabouts, we should be getting closer to 20% than we are 15%.
Krish Sankar: Got it, fair enough. On the memory test side, where is the key driver coming from? Looks like you guys are slowly targeting improving market share too. Can you just talk about is the coming from DDR4 or is it coming from flash? Any color would be helpful.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. I'd say it's, in terms of device class, it's two classes of devices within memory that are driving our business. One would be the higher speed NAND flash devices. Across the board at multiple customers, that's been very healthy and robust. And then at DRAM wafer test, the LPDDR wafer test has been strong as well.
Krish Sankar: Got it, thanks Mark, thanks, Greg.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with Cowen and Company.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks a lot, I had two. Greg, I'm just trying to get the impact of the leases to revenue and it sounds like maybe there was about $50 million in Q1, $50 million in Q2 and there will be kind of another $50 million coming through from a revenue perspective in Q3. Is that correct?
Greg Beecher: It's a little different than that, Tim. I would use, as a rounded number, $100 million. The reason I'd use that is there were a small number of leases that were returned and we also had in the plan rental payments that we will no longer get, so when you make those two adjustments you kind of round to about $100 million impact.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay. And then can you talk about those return testers? I was always thinking of this as a $150 million number, so it sounds like maybe a third of those got returned, and I'm sort of wondering, is that a demand commentary? [Multiple Speakers] Sorry, go ahead.
Greg Beecher: I'm rounding to $100 million, first of all. Two, there was rental income in our plan that we expected those testers to stay used for the entire year, so I have to take that number out of whatever the product sales is so I can give you a real apples-and-apples impact. So that piece, it's going to be hard for you to figure out what that piece was, but that was a deduction. So if you start at $150,000 you have to deduct what you think by rental payments were. A small number of the testers came back. A small number, and they been redeployed.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Greg Beecher: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Farhan Ahmad with Credit Suisse.
Farhan Ahmad: Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on the results. First, I just want to follow up on Tim's question. Can you clarify whether the leases came in as the revenues or orders in Q1 and Q2? And do you expect some revenue from them in Q3 as well?
Mark Jagiela: Yes we got revenue -- the majority of the revenue was in the first half of the year. There'll be a modest amount in the third quarter. And again, we've rounded the numbers down a bit but the whole impact, we think, is about $100 million from all of this. And again, you have to take out the service revenue that we're not going to get in Q3, Q4. That revenue we're not going to get that was otherwise in our plan.
Greg Beecher: The rental revenue.
Mark Jagiela: Yes.
Farhan Ahmad: Got it. And then just because you have these leases converting this year and you have this odd-year/even-year seasonality in the business, does it temper the growth expectations for next year just because you have $100 million incremental revenue this year?
Greg Beecher: I think it has a couple of impacts, meaning, there was more capacity put in place ultimately in 2014 than what our numbers suggested. Because this equipment was put in place in 2014, we're just following the accounting, recognizing revenue this year because it was an outright sale. So it shows you 2014 was a very strong year due to the even year that Mark talked about. So we generally are more optimistic as we go into an even year. Having said that, the more testers that are deployed in prior periods, prior quarters, that obviously can be a drag on incremental capacity. But if you look at the past odd/even pattern, even years have been better for Teradyne, so we don't see anything here today why that would change.
Mark Jagiela: Can I just add that as we entered the year, we were forecasting based on inputs from our customers that a reasonably significant portion of the lease testers would actually be returned. In fact, not only were they not returned, they were converted to sales and additional capacity was put in place on top of -- beyond just the conversions of the leases. So in the end, the test intensity, as I mentioned in my remarks, the complexity of the devices this year in the unit volume have run greater than forecast, and so that's what's driven the reversal of the plan to return more and incremental capacity on top. So as you think about next year, all that capacity sits there and is reutilized next year. It will somewhat temper the peaking that we would see next year but it's not overly significant.
Farhan Ahmad: Got it, thank you. That's all I have.
Andy Blanchard: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini with SIG.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes, thanks for taking my question. It seems like you have done a really good job of complementing your core semi test. The semi test and system test are viewed more like a stable market and the growth coming from wireless test and industrial. You also did a good job of better utilizing assets and managing margin. In that context, could you share with us the kind of earning power that you are contemplating two, three years out? I ask you this because your slide did a good job of highlighting seasonality on a six-month or three-month trend. And we're trying to understand what's the true earning power for your Company, given your execution and how your diversified revenues? And I have a follow-up.
Mark Jagiela: Okay. Got it, Mehdi. When we look at what we call the midterm, which goes out four years, that's how we plan. And we get very detailed in terms of where we can win market share, at what margin, in what invest we make and we test that against what we've done in the past. We believe in the midterm we can get to a $2 EPS number in the later years. That is what we're focused on. Historically, we've been trying to grow EPS 10%-plus a year. I know it's hard for you to see that, because there's different cycles and so forth. But we have our sights set on getting to $2 in the midterm.
Mehdi Hosseini: Great, thanks for the concise answer. And then one follow-up question on wireless tests. You had a very nice pickup in booking. Can you elaborate on the mix? Is it just the fruit company coming back or are you actually -- or finally seeing some traction in China?
Mark Jagiela: As I tried to say in my prepared remarks, Mehdi, that we had some very good wins last year in Asia but those accounts aren't buying much at this point in time, which I think a lot of the sales side folks have reported on that, that's been a soft patch. So where the buying has been has been in other places. So but that's what we've gotten most of our business and as you know, historically we have had two-thirds of our LitePoint business has been one large customer, the customer you'd want to have. So that trend continues and we strategically are trying to get designed into more and more accounts to minimize some of the customer concentration risk.
Mehdi Hosseini: But with that particular customer having a kind of a muted product refresh this year, I'm just kind of worried that if their booking this much in Q2 it could lead to a very dramatic decline in bookings in the subsequent quarters.
Mark Jagiela: Well at it tends to be, at LitePoint the second of the year, they look more like semi test. They are tied to the same, whether it's electronics products for back-to-school or holiday buying, you need the test capacity in place Q2, Q3. You can't really be adding it in Q4. So we would expect LitePoint second half to be softer than the first half, just like semi test so that would not be something surprising to us.
Mehdi Hosseini: Got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jagadish Iyer with Redstone Tech Research.
Jagadish Iyer: Yes, thanks for taking my question, two questions. First, Mark, how should we think about LitePoint's growth longer term, given the competitive landscape and how you view the Smartphone growth say over the next two or three years? And then I have a follow-up.
Mark Jagiela: Okay. I think that's -- it's a challenge to prognosticate that, but for connectivity and cellular test I think that over the next few years the market itself will be essentially flat. There are numerous competitors in the space. We are convinced that we have the products in both connectivity and cellular that are winning products but it will be a tough market environment. So for LitePoint, in addition to the expansion in Asia that we've been working on, we're also developing new products to expand our served market and these would be test products that are -- so it's test related, but it's testing aspects of the mobile devices that may not be RF or may be adjacent to test steps that we see around our current LitePoint products. So that Tam expansion -- we will start rolling those products out this year into next year and that should expand our Tam by $200 million in the next couple years, and that should expand our Tam by $100 million in the next couple years. So the game plan at LitePoint is essentially twofold. In this tough market environment, continue to exploit our product advantage to pick up share in Asia in a flat market environment and then roll out this new set of products and expand our Tam by one $200 million.
Jagadish Iyer: So longer-term, you think that maybe mid- to high-single digits or low-double digits will be your target for growth?
Mark Jagiela: Yes. I think that at this point, until we get some better proof on the new products, that's a reasonable assumption.
Jagadish Iyer: Okay. Fair enough. Then second, just a follow-up, you talked about the UR's trying to get into some of your core products. When can we really see that impact right now, because there has been -- they pretty much gone into different segments and I just wanted to get a sense of when their interaction with your products would bear fruit for you guys?
Mark Jagiela: Good question. So as we bring -- in fact, right now we're in the midst of multiple evaluations of the Universal Robot products at our test customers for system test and LitePoint. Those evaluations, like anything else with these large multinational companies, tend to take a longer period of time than the traditional universal robots customer that might have a sales cycle of less than a month. These will probably be more in the order of a six-month sales cycle. So by the end of the year, we should be reporting on success in bringing the universal robots products into our electronic space.
Greg Beecher: And just to add to what Mark is saying, it will be a small number of cobots initially introduced, but the opportunities thereafter we would expect to be significant and for us, it's just getting them in and getting the customers using to them. It opens up many other opportunities, so job one is getting 3 to 5, not getting 30 or 50 in.
Jagadish Iyer: Fair enough. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson.
Tom Diffely: Yes, good morning. So first question on the semi test side, you talked about the slowing of the parallel test over time. I'm curious, though, what percentage of the tester market is that impactful on?
Mark Jagiela: That's a good question, because what I've said in the past is it's not a homogenous market in semi test where everything is sort of peaking in terms of parallelism. So for complex RF complex processor devices, we're at the point where the inflection's occurring. That roughly, let's say, $700 million market Tam that's reached that point, I believe. Other markets, such as automotive, other markets like analog and image sensor testing, micro controllers, still have a bit of a ways to go. But the point that Greg made is important to understand which is even though those other markets will continue to step up in parallelism, the anchor that it brings to our business diminishes with each step. So in some markets, the $700 million I spoke about, perhaps we've reach the point where parallelism may not step at all going forward. The remaining markets, let's call it the other $1.45 billion SoC market, may continue to see more parallelism but the drag on our market size will be diminishing.
Tom Diffely: Okay, thanks. Looking at the Universal Robot model, we talked about higher margins, gross margins, but then higher operating expenses. Is the higher operating expense side just a function of, early in the lifecycle, more R&D, or does it have something to do with the distribution channels?
Mark Jagiela: It's more tied to the distribution. In this business, where they are going through distributors and integrators, there's more spending as a percent of sales in that line. So compared to our traditional businesses, you'll see selling, marketing a bit higher than what you might otherwise expect for a Teradyne-type business.
Tom Diffely: When you look at the electronics market, does that go more to direct sales?
Mark Jagiela: While they don't sell to direct sales. We do at Teradyne. So they're going through channel partners and when you go through channel partners, there tends to be higher selling and marketing cost for various programs, incentives, initiatives, training. It's a whole host of things because while they're doing the sale, you're also helping them sell it to bringing technical application resources to bear.
Tom Diffely: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Weston Twigg with Pacific Crest Securities.
Weston Twigg: Hi, thanks for taking my question. First, I was wondering if you could maybe discuss the competition in the cobot space and your points of differentiation at Universal Robots. Particularly as it relates to your expectations around market share as the market expands.
Mark Jagiela: Okay. In one sense, there's a series of products that either in the market or will be introduced over the next several years that are in what the competitors would describe as the collaborative robots space. So it's going to be a rich market for competition but the unique advantage that universal robots has is a couple of things. One is their very intuitive and simple programming model. So a lot of the traditional robot manufacturers that are trying to move lower in the market are still applying a very complex lengthy programming model to these lower cost robots. That is a big inhibitor to a quick ROI and a quick redeployment in a factory for a robot. So a UR product can go in and be utilized on a manufacturing line within a matter of days because of the swift programming and then three months later, six months later, be reprogrammed and redeployed for another task very quickly. Many of the competitors would require an expert and a very complex programming language environment to re-purpose the robot. Most small to medium-size enterprises don't have that skill set whatsoever and even for larger enterprises, it's an anchor on a quick ROI. So that's the real key. If you sit down and watch Universal Robot being programmed, it's actually almost being taught by a show. There's an operator showing the robot physically what to do, where to go, what to grab, and that model is very key. The other thing about the robot that's interesting is the safety aspect. It is a very clever mechanism to ensure that if the robot were to bump into a human being in a production environment, it would sense that and stop and various competitors have different ways of dealing with that issue to make a robot safe. But in the case of Universal Robots, the mechanism is quite effective, low-cost and it doesn't diminish the precision of the robot. Many of the methods you might use to make the robot safe also have consequences around diminishing accuracy and that's something that doesn't exist here. So it's a long story. They have a website that's very rich in showing many of these advantages, if people are interested, but we're obviously excited about it.
Weston Twigg: So in a nutshell you think you can even hold a high market share position despite the more crowded marketplace that's developing.
Mark Jagiela: Yes, we expect to hold a high market share position. Now today, is a developing industry. We're somewhere in the 60% to 70% share range, most likely. As this market takes off, do we think we can stay there? No, probably not, but can we stay close to 50% in that kind of neighborhood? We think so, over the next few years.
Weston Twigg: Okay. Good and one more real quick, just the cross-point memory technology that was announced by Micron and Intel. It seems fairly dense and fast. It sounds like it should be good for test but I was wondering if you could give us some color on that long-term opportunity for test demand.
Mark Jagiela: Yes, I guess I don't want to comment specifically on that one, but in general -- I'll make a general point which is that as you've seen Teradyne's memory test business and market share grow over the past few years, it's come from applying our expertise in high-speed interface bus testing to the memory market. This and other technologies that are coming to market are examples of pushing that even further. So that will benefit our product architecture, we believe. So I think anything that's bringing speed to the memory world is a good thing for us.
Weston Twigg: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Ho with Stifel Nicholas.
Patrick Ho: Thank you very much. Now as we look into second half of the year, and its 2016 for UR, can you give a little color on the type of seasonality that business has and as you penetrate some of these new electronic manufacturing marketplaces, will that change any of the seasonality?
Mark Jagiela: Patrick, UR has had some seasonality where their fourth quarter is their strongest quarter by quite a bit. So we expect that to continue. After a strong fourth quarter Q1 falls back a little bit and they build up momentum through the year, so I think a stronger fourth quarter would be welcome in Teradyne's soft fourth quarter. The seasonality they've had has been going on for a long time period. Now, what the electronics thing does to it I don't -- I think it's not going to impact their seasonality. The electronics orders are going to happen kind of when they happen when they get to the funnel, and it won't be tied to anything in the calendar year and those orders we expect to be small at the outset and then in future periods, much broader expansion.
Patrick Ho: Great. That's helpful and maybe go into the HDD test, or the storage test business. Given the weakness out there in the PC marketplace, are you seeing the, I guess, the greater interest on the SSD side and that's why you're able to reiterate your $60 million to $80 million revenue target for calendar 2015?
Mark Jagiela: We're seeing demand on a 3.5 inch hard disk drive, which is used for enterprise or cloud-based storage. So that's where our business is coming from largely this year and a little bit of SSD. Where we haven't gotten any business for years is 2.5, so we took a charge this quarter given that looked it even weakened further from what the PC guys were saying. But we're very well-positioned in 3.5 and SSD, so we think we're the leading vendor by far in terms of market share and product differentiation.
Patrick Ho: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank.
Sidney Ho: Thanks for taking my question. I want to go back to Q2 and looking at the linearity of the orders, I know you have addressed some of the market concerns earlier in your remarks, but most of the semiconductor companies have talked about a sudden weakening of demand in the back half of the quarter. Did you see similar dynamics in your business? And if so has that stabilized or improved in the first month of the quarter -- of this quarter?
Mark Jagiela: If anything, June was a bit of a frenzy. I mentioned earlier, LitePoint saw some very heavy pull in the month of June and our semi test business was similar. So no, we did not experience a slowdown in June. In terms of what happened in -- the third quarter for us in semi test is always where we inflect and start to glide back down toward the end of the year. So will there be a softening in third quarter? Absolutely we expect that. And if you look at prior years and how that's played out with our bookings, it's going to most likely be a very similar third quarter. So that has nothing, I would say, to do with the specific nature of this year. It's just the typical cycle we've been going through for many years now.
Sidney Ho: Okay. My follow-up question is -- it's just a housekeeping question here, but what percentage of your revenue comes from the subcontractors and what are you expecting those -- that CapEx in the second half versus the first half.
Greg Beecher: We're going to have to dig that number out here.
Mark Jagiela: Maybe Andy can get that you off-line unless somehow you miraculously get it.
Greg Beecher: From an order perspective, it was about 50/50. Sub coms were a little -- 50%, 51%. IDMs and fabless were 49%.
Sidney Ho: And your expectation for second-half orders from OSAT gets us the -- some of the OSAT companies are cutting their CapEx. They announced the CapEx cuts. I'm just curious you think -- what you guys are see as well in that area.
Mark Jagiela: We don't forecast at that level but we would expect OSATs to be lower as they have been in the second half traditionally.
Sidney Ho: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Farhan Ahmad with Credit Suisse.
Farhan Ahmad: Thanks for squeezing back, and just one quick question on your LitePoint trend. I wanted to know if that's driven -- if that strength in your LitePoint business was driven by more of unit growth or is it primarily driven by changes in testing standards for wireless forms going from one standard to the next standard?
Mark Jagiela: Yes, I'd say in the LitePoint business, it's not going to be a satisfying answer, but it's a little bit of both. Certainly test times have grown and then on top of that there has been, from our customers, I would say, a little more upside on unit volume growth than they might of expected. So both factors are happening. Now, around that, if both are happening -- the market expansion, why isn't the market expansion happening overall. I think what Greg said earlier about Asia specifically being a bit off is one aspect, so that's not fueling growth there. And the efficiency of the testers is still something that's rolling into the market. New testers that were introduced last year as they come in are more efficient than prior years, prior generations of products. So there's a bit of a offset going on. You know we talked about semi test getting to the point where parallelism is kind of reaching in many segments diminishing returns. In LitePoint's business, there's still a bit to go there.
Farhan Ahmad: Thank you. That's all I have.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Chin with UBS.
Steven Chin: Hi, thanks. Just a follow-up question on UR, I know you're thinking the UR market size could be about $100 million this year. If you are successful in maybe winning 3 to 5 of these electronics manufacturing customers, do you have any initial view of how big this market could be in 2016?
Mark Jagiela: We generally expect the market to grow 50% or more a year. And if there's been some third-party part reports, by the way, that Andy can reference you to that have market sizes further out in time that are actually bigger than some of the estimates we've come up with on our own. On the electronics connection we have with Teradyne, we really believe we can get them into some number of accounts initially, but the deployments are going to be three robots, five robots. That's where it's going to start and then after that's proven successful, which it will be, then we're going to presumably go to other spots in that line and it will be on test. That's going to take some time to play out so it will be a while before the electronics contribution becomes very meaningful. It's a couple year journey we're on. But I would just, to put it in some -- again, this will play out over time, but if we, as we think about the future and as Universal Robots continues to grow in excess of 50% a year, as we get out two to three years from now maybe electronics is 10% of their overall business. It's a nice adder and it could be in the 10% to 20% range, best case, but the bulk of that growth is going to be still in industries outside of electronics.
Steven Chin: Okay thanks for sharing that Mark. Just a follow-up question on UR. If the market does grow as fast as you're expecting, what you estimate the revenue, the served revenue that the current facilities can provide before Teradyne might have to spend CapEx to expand this business?
Mark Jagiela: Got it. We've taken an initial look at that and we know the facility can handle three to five years, depending on various scenarios, so we're going take another look at that when we go over there soon. But there's nothing in the next two years or three years we need to worry about.
Steven Chin: Great. Thanks Greg.
Andy Blanchard: And operator we have time for just one more question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
Chelsea German: Hi, this is Chelsea German on behalf of Jim, thanks for taking the question. Can you talk a little bit more about how you see capital intensity trending going forward? Is that going to be something that decreasing parallelism can drive higher capital intensity? Are there any other factors that you see as big drivers?
Mark Jagiela: No, I think capital intensity, related to longer test times and the diminishing effect of parallelism, will absolutely increase. The wild card really is, we still need unit volume growth and we've been modeling unit volume growth in kind of an 8% range over the rest of the decade. That's another significant factor in incremental test demand. So those are the sort of two key things. Historically, looking backwards, we've always had the unit volume growth but there's been this anchor of the parallel testing pack and as we discussed at the end of last year, we've seen signs of that diminishing and in some markets, like the $700 million market I referred to earlier, actually pausing or stopping. So I think there's lots of interesting, encouraging signs on intensity and so what we really need to make sure is -- and look at it, is the unit volume going to be there?
Chelsea German: Great and as a quick follow-up. In terms of the first half versus second half seasonality, I think you mentioned that there should be about normal seasonal declines for 2H. Should we be thinking about that from the first half base excluding the $100 million of revenue from lease conversions or including that?
Mark Jagiela: I think whether you included or exclude it, if you look at the past percentages of bookings declines from Q2 to Q3, or the sales declines over some number of years, I think you'll see where we are in our third-quarter guidance. We're within the range of where we've been in the past, so it doesn't really matter. I say that because there's a fairly wide range of where we could end up in the third quarter, but what is clear is bookings are down in the third quarter.
Chelsea German: Great. Thank you.
Andy Blanchard: Great thank you everyone for joining us today and we look forward to talking with you in the days and weeks ahead.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call you may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andy Blanchard - VP, IR Mark Jagiela - CEO Greg Beecher - CFO
Analysts: Krish Sankar - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mehdi Hosseini - SIG C.J. Muse - Evercore ISI Timothy Arcuri - Cowen and Company Jairam Nathan - Sidoti & Company Farhan Ahmad - Credit Suisse David Duley - Steelhead Securities Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities Tom Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co. Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus Atif Malik - Citigroup
Operator: Good morning. My name is Ginger and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Teradyne Q1 2015 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Andrew Blanchard, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Andy Blanchard: Thank you Ginger. Good morning everyone and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our CEO Mark Jagiela and our Chief Financial Officer Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks, we will provide details of our performance for the first quarter of 2015 as well as our outlook for the second quarter. The press release containing our first-quarter results was issued last evening. We're providing slides on the investor page of the website that may be helpful to you in following today's discussion. Those slides can be downloaded now or you can follow along live. If you don't see the download icon, simply refresh the page. In addition, replays of this call will be available via the same page about 24 hours after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release as well as our most recent SEC files, including with respect to dividend and share repurchase programs which may be discontinued depending on general economic and market conditions and other considerations. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We've posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure where available on the Investor page of our website. Also between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne will be participating in investor conferences hosted by Davidson, Cowen and company and Bank of America. Now let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First Mark will comment on our recent results and the market conditions as we enter the second quarter. Greg will then offer more details on our quarterly financial results along with our guidance for the second quarter. We will then answer your questions and you should note that we intend to end this call after one hour. Mark?
Mark Jagiela: Thanks Andy and good morning everyone. In today's call, I'd like to focus on three topics; our first-quarter highlights, our outlook for the remainder of 2015 and our longer-term view on growth at Teradyne. We're off to an excellent start in 2015. Sales and profits were at the highest level for first quarter since 2012 and bookings were at the highest first-quarter levels in five years, all driven primarily by mobile end markets. Greg will take you through the details that drove the financial performance, but I will provide a few highlights. Semiconductor Test was our outstanding performer in first quarter. On the order front, record demand for our Magnum V memory tester and our UltraFLEX high-speed memory tester drove memory bookings to an all-time high. As I've highlighted in past calls, we continue to see the memory device mix skewing towards higher bus speeds and right into the sweet spot of our product line architecture. In SOC test, stronger than expected demand for applications processor test combined with the rapid adoption of our new J750-based system for image sensor test led to a surge in orders. Analog test applications related to automotive and industrial electronics also showed strong growth where Eagle product bookings more than doubled compared to the first quarter 2014. In our System Test business, storage test continues to strengthen. After two plus years of excess test capacity limiting business in this market, the continued growth in cloud and enterprise drive storage has absorbed this idle capacity, resulting in a return to incremental capacity adds. This return of hard disk drive buying on top of the inroads we made last year in solid-state drive testing sets up a strong year for storage test. At LitePoint, we had our strongest first-quarter revenue in history. However, the outlook remains cloudy. Orders in the quarter were below expectation as customers remain focused on optimizing their production operations. Demand from a large customer was down and China was particularly slow as manufacturers saw a drop in smartphone shipments in Q1. We expect orders to pick up as production plans solidify, but our visibility into the full year remains quite limited. And finally, in Q1, we began execution of our previously announced $500 million share buyback and paid our fourth consecutive quarterly dividend. Turning to our full-year outlook for 2015, our strong start to the year in Semiconductor Test raises our outlook on the SOC market size for the year from our previously forecasted $1.9 billion to $2 billion range to a $2.0 billion to 2.5 billion range. The market drove is driven both by incremental demand and the purchase of previously leased equipment. In SOC, we still expect the typical fall off in the second half of the year. In memory test, we still expect a flat market at around $500 million but a continued increase in market share as growing high-speed memory unit volumes drive capacity onto our products. System Test should show a strong year-over-year growth driven by the strength in storage test and steady demand in defense and production board test. At LitePoint, we see the market in the $450 million to $600 million range although at this point it is trending towards the lower end of that range. Finally, I would like to turn to the subject of growth at Teradyne. We believe that the best returns for our long term investors come from a balanced approach to capital allocation. This consists of first investing in our core business to grow market share and incremental EPS; second, executing attractive M&A to expand portfolio for greater competitive advantage and earnings power; and third, a solid program of returning capital to shareholders. This balanced approach is in full motion at Teradyne. In our core business, we've been investing in new product and targeting select growth segments to gain share over time. Some of these investments, like our fifth-generation RF test instrument and semi test or our next-generation ETS-800 Eagle tester enhance our position in markets we already serve. Other investments like our J750 LCD driver test option or the LitePoint NFC tester expand the TAM closer to our core. These organic investments are fully funded within our operating model where we deliver at or above model profits. Over the past three years, we've grown 9 points of SOC test share, 12 points of memory test and about 14 points in Wireless Test share. With that has come a solid earnings model that has generated just over 20% company PBIT during the period. As I have noted in previous calls, the SOC test market is showing signs of inflecting from what has been a sustained 3% average annual decline to about a 3% average annual growth. That growth will be driven by slowing parallel test impact, increased device complexity and steady unit volume expansion. We've discussed parallel test in the past, so I would like to touch on the complexity component for a moment. The unrelenting drive for higher performance, whether you measure performance by processing power, battery life, transistor count or some similar metric, drives differentiation for our customers. That drive for performance has been very evident in the mobile space with some applications processors now moving beyond desktop, MPUs and transistor counts. Power management chips have emerged as a major new class of integrated circuit and have evolved in complexity at a faster rate than even applications processors. We also see growing complexity in microcontrollers, sensors, motor controllers and the thousands of other devices that are used to power industrial, automotive and consumer applications. This all translates into more complex test programs and longer test times. When combined with the diminishing impact of parallel tests, this in turn should drive long term growth for test equipment. With this expected market growth and continued disciplined market share gains, we're poised to reap increased EPS benefit from the added drop-through. At LitePoint, we're launching twice the number of new products this year than last to drive future growth. Over the next few years, these new products will increase the size of our addressable market. While we expect the market conditions in Wireless Test to remain challenging during this period, continued market share growth in connectivity and cellular test combined with new products to expand our TAM beyond these traditional segments forms the basis for our growth plan at LitePoint. Again, all these initiatives in our core are funded while making at or above model profits. This in turn generates the free cash flow to pursue other initiatives and capital return and M&A. Our confidence in our core operating model has allowed us to ramp up our capital return program while still pursuing M&A. And as always, we will continue to assess our cash portfolio and investment prospects to best optimize long term returns to shareholders which brings us to the other driver of growth; M&A. Technology businesses evolve rapidly and that high rate of change disrupts markets and creates new opportunities. Many of these opportunities are addressed through our internal R&D investments noted above. Others require M&A to fully capitalize on a trend or exploit a new turn in the market. We envision several areas where M&A can augment our portfolio to capitalize on technology trends we see developing over the next several years. As we've discussed before, we have a very strict set of financial hurdles to meet with any acquisition. We look at where we can deliver the highest long term value to owners and are very disciplined in our analysis of potential additions to Teradyne. We're confident that this thorough but patient M&A strategy combined with capital returns and sustained organic R&D will provide positive long term results to our shareholders. Let me now turn it over to Greg.
Greg Beecher: Thanks, Mark and good morning, everyone. I will start with some brief comments on the start to the year, our key 2015 goals and then I will cover the first-quarter results in more detail and the second-quarter outlook. On the demand front, despite our expectation for a smaller sequential semi test market this year, we began 2015 with a stronger start than last year. company sales were $342 million at the high end of our guidance and non-GAAP EPS came in at $0.17, $0.03 above our high-end guidance. Semi test demand and favorable mix drove this strong start. Orders in the first quarter totaled $490 million, up 48% from the fourth quarter and 9% above the first quarter of 2014. Structurally, we're seeing some early benefits from the slowing of parallel test that Mark talked about in October. Specifically, chip to tester interface challenges have been rising for complex SOC parts. Interface layers may cost twice as much or more than their predecessors which when combined with thorny signal integrity issues can negate the payback of higher site counts. We also received orders in the first quarter to buy out about a third of the fleet of leased testers that we put in place last year. We expect more of the remaining balance to be bought this year by third-party financing companies as they have a lower cost of capital than we do and they can offer more attractive lease terms. In memory test, we had our highest quarterly bookings ever at 64 million. The recently introduced Magnum V with its high-frequency range and high pin count is very well positioned for testing flash devices. Mobile NAND is moving from 533 megabits per second today to over a gigabit per second later this year and the Magnum's architecture provides frequency and pin count advantages for these high-speed devices. Those advantages are also helping Magnum make steady inroads into some test insertions in the DRAM mark. Final test for DRAM is seeing similar speed boosts as we move to LP DDR4 and DDR4, both operating above 2 gigabits per second. The UltraFLEX-M offers headroom up to 8 gigabits per second which was key driver of our Q1 memory orders. This is another example of seeing where the hockey puck is going in our product planning process which is a key part of our long term sustainable advantage. This proven roadmap insight allows us on average to invest our R&D dollars more efficiently than our test competitors. In storage test, we saw strong resurgence in cloud-based testing demand for both near line and enterprise applications, fueled by strong storage capacity growth. Our new 3.5-inch tester serves high-capacity cloud applications with as many as 13,000 test slots in a single tester, further lowering the per-site cost with greater density. Now shifting to the 2015 vital goals. The first goal is to hold and consolidate the strong SOC test share gains over the last several years. In memory test, the goal is to continue the share gains of a few points a year and put us above 30% for 2015. Recall that we've expanded from 16% share in 2012 to 28% share last year. Semi test share gains have come from our focus on and success in segments that are growing faster, such as mobility, microcontroller and analog and of course, from head-to-head shootouts, where we differentiate with our product architecture. We do not try to gain share with aggressive price moves or at the expense of gross margins, given that capital equipment demand is highly inelastic. In System Test, we're focused on meeting the increasing customer pull for our new 3.5-inch cloud tester. This involves completing the engineering and ramping our supply chain for this new product. System Test is also driving to expand the board test customer base for the new automated in-line TestStation products introduced last year and to build on the addition of AIT into the events and aerospace group. At LitePoint, the laser focus is on expanding in Asia. Last year we broke into several new major Asian cellular manufacturers with initial orders. This year we want to win a larger share of their wallet and continue to fan out in Asian accounts. As Mark noted, we're also fielding new LitePoint products for closely adjacent segments that should contribute to next year's financial results. I will talk more about our progress against these key goals later in the year. Now at the corporate level, we will continue to both return capital consistent with the buyback plans outlined last quarter while also pursuing highly attractive and complementary M&A. We of course can't comment on the active M&A candidates in our pipeline. We will, however, constantly compare the small number of attractive M&A opportunities in our funnel against returning even more capital to ensure we secure the maximum shareholder returns. On the buyback front, we've repurchased 3.9 million shares totaling $75 million, at an average price of $19.15 through yesterday. These buybacks are against our $500 million authorization approved early this year, leaving a remaining balance of $425 million. As a quick reminder, we plan on buying back at least $300 million in 2015 which when combined with our quarterly dividend will lower our U.S. cash and marketable securities to a level much closer to our minimum U.S. operating balance. We closed the first quarter with total cash and marketable securities of $1.271 billion, of which $621 million is on shore and $650 million is off shore. First-quarter free cash flow was $16 million as strong profits and better than expected collections helped offset the settlement of annual compensation plans and tax payments. In April, we secured a $350 million bank revolver credit facility which will serve as dry powder for attractive M&A or other corporate purposes. The key terms are contained in an 8-K filing this morning. Let me now quickly comment on the weakening yen and euro which is a frequent investor question. First, we haven't seen a noticeable difference in the semi test pricing environment which, of course, remains competitive. You can see that our company gross margins continued to hold up well. The steady introduction of new products and instruments and ongoing material cost down efforts by our supply line group offset the natural price erosion. The area where price competition has been the sharpest companywide is in Wireless Test which is from oversupply rather than the currency issue. I should add that we have considerably less currency volatility than many industrial companies. Our test systems are predominantly quoted and sold in U.S. dollars worldwide. On occasion, we will quote and transact sales in local currencies, most frequently in Japan which was 4% of company sales last year. In those situations where we do have foreign currency exposure such as our foreign denominated monetary assets and liabilities, we enter into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge our short term exposure. Now moving to the details of the first quarter, our sales were at $342 million, gross margin was 56%, the non-GAAP operating profit rate was 14% and non-GAAP EPS was $0.17. We had two 10% customers in the quarter. You will see our non-GAAP operating expenses were up $7 million to $143 million compared to the fourth quarter due to higher variable compensation accruals. Moving to our segment level detail, semi test bookings were $397 million driven by the seasonal patterns and strong first-half pull-ins. SOC test orders were $333 million and memory test orders were $64 million. Semi test service orders were $54 million of the total. Shifting to Wireless Test, we booked $27 million and shipped $34 million in the first quarter. Moving to System Test orders were $66 million in the quarter and shipments were $37 million. Storage test orders were up 40% from the fourth quarter on strong demand for our new high-density 3.5-inch test system. Shifting to our outlook for the second quarter, sales are expected to be between $470 million and $500 million and the non-GAAP EPS range is $0.42 to $0.48 on 217 million diluted shares. Q2 guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles and related tax impact. The second-quarter gross margin range is 58% to 59% and the operating profit rate at the midpoint of our second-quarter guidance is about 27%. Our 2015 tax rate outlook is unchanged at 27%. If the R&D tax credit is reinstated for 2015, that rate will drop to 25%. The 2015 demand is starting stronger than last year. We're returning significant capital to our shareholders and we're seeing some promising long term trends in semi test SOC test market size. So in summary, we're very excited about our future prospects and we will continue to sharpen our focus on how we best allocate our hard-earned capital to ensure the highest possible returns. With that, I will turn the call back to Andy.
Andy Blanchard: Thanks, Greg. Ginger, we would now like to take some questions. As a reminder, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. You do have a question from Krish Sankar from Bank of America.
Krish Sankar: I had two quick questions. Congratulations on the share gain. First one on the memory test side, are you actually seeing LP DDR4 adoption driving some of the increase in your memory test revenues or is it purely share gain?
Greg Beecher: Certainly LP DDR4 is accelerating and because of the interface speeds, that's driving more testing of that type of product onto our tester. So it is share gains, but it's related to that interface speed.
Krish Sankar: As a follow-up on the Wireless Test side, it seems like it's been structurally challenged for over a year now. The question I have is, is the way to grow this business really by getting into the R&D side of Wireless Test? Because you guys are right on the production side which obviously has better margins, but looks like the bigger dollar run rates are actually in the R&D side. So I'm curious, would you ever consider getting into the R&D side for Wireless Test?
Greg Beecher: Krish, first, LitePoint over the last three years has operated above the company targets. So it's done well financially albeit the sales have declined, but it's a good profit contributor. But in terms of how to grow the business going forward, there's a whole set of adjacencies around LitePoint that are more connected to some number of production, whether it's smartphones and tablets, there's other test insertions that we can go after. So we're going to target that, but that won't start showing up until next year. We do have a small footprint in pre-production test, but it is small. So there are opportunities there, but we certainly don't cover the entire pre-production portfolio that some of the larger competitors do.
Operator: Next question comes from Mehdi Hosseini from SIG.
Mehdi Hosseini: Wanted to go back to these leased systems that are now purchased. Can you help us understand the order of magnitude of these systems that are still in the market and are categorized as these could turn into an outright purchase? And I have a follow-up.
Greg Beecher: Last year we talked about putting in about $35 million of leased testers which was more of an aberration, not business as normal. In this call we mentioned about one-third we got orders for. That means there's 2/3rds left. We would not be surprised if over the next some number of quarters a significant portion of those testers could also be purchased.
Mehdi Hosseini: You said $35 million, correct?
Greg Beecher: I'm sorry?
Mehdi Hosseini: You said $35 million, correct?
Greg Beecher: $75 million was the book value. When we put leased testers in, we do it at our cost, $75 million. We obviously sell them for a different amount than the book value. If we just stick with book value for a moment, $75 million of book value put in place orders for one-third to date with some comments that I provided that we would not be surprised if more of those testers were bought out during this year.
Mehdi Hosseini: Got you. Just to make sure I understand, what you recognize for revenue for the leased systems, this is above and beyond the SOC TAM. You just raised the SOC TAM slightly and this is something completely different, correct?
Greg Beecher: Well, this would be a factor as to why the SOC TAM came up among other factors. At the beginning of the year, we weren't expecting to have this volume of testers being converted from lease to purchases. So that drives more revenue into this year. So that's one factor, again, among several others that cause to us adjust our estimate of the market size.
Mehdi Hosseini: Sure. And I also want to get -- my second question has to do with dynamics in Asia. It's still almost three-quarters of your semi test. Do you see any change in more business in Korea versus Taiwan and there is some -- there's a dynamic going on which could have an impact on your SOC test especially where in Korea it's more of an idea of a purchase wherein Taiwan., more of a sub concept purchase, SOC test. So if you could help us understand how do you see that dynamic playing out in 2015 and is there any pluses and minus these we could think of?
Mark Jagiela: In SOC, I would say that Taiwan continues to be by far the strongest place for demand for capacity. It can episodically move back and forth, but I would say this year there's nothing that's going to clearly shift that Taiwan dominance of demand.
Operator: Your next question comes from C.J. Muse from Evercore ISI.
C.J. Muse: First question, gross margin guidance is pretty phenomenal. I was just looking back at your model and I don't go back far enough I guess, but I don't think you've ever hit a number like that. Couple questions around that. First one is can you talk about whether that's 100% mix related or there are other factors? And presumably around mix, I'm assuming that there's an uplift of Eagle test and analog in there. And curious to hear your thoughts around spend there, considering from the analog guys this last earnings cycle, we've heard about guys lowering utilization to temper their inventories. I'm curious how that has impacted your vision of analog spend for this year.
Greg Beecher: I will take the first part, then Mark will take the second. The most significant impact is mix and our mix can vary quite considerably. Now, we're obviously doing a lot of work to continue to introduce new instruments and lowering the material costs behind the scenes, but this was a very good quarter for mix in our guidance. When you look at the second quarter, we have no charges in our guidance for ops or retro fits. When you go back to some other quarters, you might find attractive gross margins that have been diluted a little bit by special charges. So we're not expecting any charges next quarter, so that's in part why it might look higher than other periods. But there's no doubt this is very strong gross margins and it's consistent with what we've been trying to do, is target what we go after with differentiation, not try to get market share quickly or too aggressively. Mark, do you want to take the second part?
Mark Jagiela: On the analog business, it's still very strong. So it's not in our view being tempered by anything related to some of the recent announcements. And automotive in particular is an area that continues to draw heavy demand from the Eagle product line, so that's a particularly strong area. But I would say there's other power applications that are more industrial as well as automotive. Inverters and IGBT type devices are also pulling demand. So we see that compared to years past, analog is never quite as volatile as the digital side of test, but that is a steady, growing, good business for us.
C.J. Muse: I guess as a follow-up, one quick one on the gross margin. How does the lease impact gross margins? And then as my true follow-up -- maybe that's sneaking in three -- in terms of the upside to SOC, you've got the lease conversion, but also curious where else you're seeing the strength. Is it really the image sensors plus Samsung going in-house with captive base band and AP and that's driving upside for you guys or is there another high level area of strength that we should be thinking about?
Greg Beecher: The lease is just normal product sales. It doesn't move the margins materially one way or the other compared to other semi test like range of product. So that's not a big factor. It's hard to pin down mix. It depends what you look at in terms of our portfolio. But this is a very good quarter for mix, the second quarter and again we have no inventory charges planned or retrofits in the second quarter. So you're looking at the numbers against other quarters where there may have been some of these charges and the charges are found later in the quarter. They're not found at the time you're given the guidance.
Mark Jagiela: And then on the image sensor business, image sensor testing has been a very strong piece of our portfolio for years. It is volatile. It is more volatile than, let's say, the analog market. And this year looks like we could see business levels for image sensor testing twice the size we saw last year. So that's really taking off. A lot of it is mobility, but there's also cameras more and more moving into automotive applications, part of the story there. There's a higher test intensity around that image kind of sensor. There is a wider proliferation of styles of image sensors. There's infrared, for example, compared to just visible light and some other innovations going on. So that looks like a solid, solid piece of the portfolio. On the comment around Korea and such, I don't think that's abnormally distorting any part of the market size estimate that we've given. The increase I would say is by and large the lease conversions, the image sensor business and the analog business, those three pieces being somewhat stronger than we expected.
Operator: Your next question comes from Timothy Arcuri from Cowen and Company.
Timothy Arcuri: Guys, I had a couple of questions. I guess the first thing is just to dive a little deeper on this TAM improvement in SOC and try and figure out how much is structural versus how much is cyclical. If I go back to this lease number, we had $75 million worth of leases, but at your cost, that was going to support roughly $150 million if they had been ordered up-front. So it seems like the swing factor -- that the TAM factor from the lease element is like $150 million. And you raised the TAM $100 million at the low end and $50 million at the high end. So it seems like the lease factor more than accounts for the raise in the TAM. I'm just trying to figure out how much is structural versus how much is cyclical.
Mark Jagiela: You've got rough math right, but remember, we're not necessarily baking in full conversion. As we've updated our market size forecast, we haven't assumed full conversion of those leases. As Greg mentioned, we got about a third converted in the first quarter. If more convert, it's likely that would raise the estimate for the market size for the year. So that's a piece of what we've looked at. And then the other two, as I mentioned, would be image sensor and analog beam is stronger. So you might think at this point in the year half of the increase comes from the lease conversions and half come from strength in those other two segments. As we go through the year, there's a little bit of a bias here that it could go up.
Timothy Arcuri: And then I just had two quick follow-ups. One is the guidance seems to imply that the orders in June and I know that you guys don't guide orders and orders are a tough thing to even talk about. But it seems to imply that the orders in June will be down a bit and that's counter-seasonal. I'm wondering, maybe is my math on that wrong? Lastly, the real question is, Wireless Test is still obviously bad and I'm wondering just what's going to make it better? Does it actually require one or two of your competitors to actually leave the market? What is going to have to structurally happen to make that market better? Thanks.
Mark Jagiela: Maybe on the last point first, so the market for Wireless Test and Teradyne's history has been dominated historically looking backwards by some very large customers. And the benefit of serving those large customers was evident in some of the returns we've had in LitePoint in the past. But as those large customers begin to change their test strategy and come back to a much lower level of buying, it's not yet -- that decline has not yet been offset by growth in other regions like China and Korea. We're very close to the inflection point on that is what we believe. So offsetting that large customer will be growth in other suppliers in other regions of the world. So it will be a slow pull-out from that. There is certainly -- compounding the issue will be oversupply. There are four major suppliers in a $450 million to $600 million market at this point. So that will have pretty intense competition as the market turns around to some modest growth. And so that's why we see in that core connectivity cellular test business modest return to growth for us and the market over the next few years. And that's also why we've launched these other products to go after other test insertions that aren't related to those two areas. We've got to expand the TAM in order to get our target growth rates back in Wireless Test. So that's how we think about it. That's what we see going on.
Greg Beecher: And then I think the first part of your question was the bookings trend. I should just add that a chunk of the bookings in the first quarter were connected with our new 3.5-inch hard disk drive tester which the lead times are quite long on that that we provided customers. So that's going to ship in the second half of the year, that product. So therefore, bookings come in a bit earlier than they might otherwise.
Operator: Next question comes from Jim Covello from Goldman Sachs.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Kelsey German [ph] on behalf of Jim. Congratulations on the strong results and thanks for letting me ask a question. You mentioned that you're expecting a fall-off in SOC test demand into each. Can you just talk about if that's based on normal seasonality or if there are other specific factors that are leading you to be more conservative?
Mark Jagiela: No, we're just seeing the normal seasonality expectations for the second half. At the beginning of the year, we outlined how there is a pattern tied to the complexity of new consumer products that are introduced in any given year. And if you look backwards, coincidentally, even years tend to have been larger test markets than odd years. Completely tied to complexity increase in products, our customers' product. That still is a theme this year. So that's what makes the overall market in our estimation down from last year. Albeit we're revising it up a bit, it's still down. And what we see in the second half as a pattern is really not that different from what prior years have shown in the second half.
Unidentified Analyst: And then can you talk a little bit about your visibility into the pipeline for other segments in the second half such as memory or Wireless Test or even the image sensor business?
Mark Jagiela: The image sensor business will I think be strong throughout the year. The memory test business will be similar. I don't think there's a seasonal pattern around those two necessarily. And Wireless Test typically has a very front end loaded pattern as well, similar to SOC test. So there we will probably see most of the demand be put in place through mid-third quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jairam Nathan from Sidoti.
Jairam Nathan: With regard to Wireless Test, is there a point where you think you would need more restructuring on the cost side in that segment? I know you said it is profitable, but this year you're aligned to lower revenue?
Greg Beecher: That's not in the plans now. I can't say that would never come to pass, but just last year we were above the company model for operating profits. So even in a down market, I know you hear about our competitors bemoaning the space. We still have very good gross margins and good operating profit, but for us it's less about percentages. It's more the dollars aren't as high as we need them to be or like them to be, particularly given the prior two years when the volumes were substantially higher. But there is always a chance that we will have to fine-tune any of our businesses and LitePoint is not an exception to that. But we have made some adjustments and we need to see how this year plays out and we have a number of new close adjacencies and other test insertions, so we need to see how they latch. We will look at that through the year. We obviously have a history of adjusting where we need to. If that's necessary, we will take the action.
Jairam Nathan: I don't know if you have already answered this question, but on the aps processor segment itself, is the outlook similar to what we had last quarter about the declines?
Mark Jagiela: Yes, I would say that substantially nothing has changed. The lease conversions which is part of the drive for a larger market, really are not new capacity going in. It's just a financial transaction. So in terms of new capacity adds for aps processors through the year, it's tracking about what we expected.
Operator: Your next question comes from Farhan Ahmad from Credit Suisse.
Farhan Ahmad: My first question is on the smartphone side. The unit growth has been decelerating. I just want to understand like how much of your semi test business is tied to smartphones,? And I believe like wireless is mostly smartphones at this stage, maybe some testing on PCs as well. So if you could just remind us like what the exposure is and how should we think about it as the unit growth decelerates in the smartphones going forward?
Andy Blanchard: We will take smartphones and tablets together.
Mark Jagiela: I would say this is a rough average, but mobility devices probably drive about half of our tester demand in general. So that's a rough way of thinking about it. So it is absolutely right that there's a -- the rate of growth of units is declining. It's less -- what's most important to us is the absolute unit growth in terms of the number of new units per year multiplied by the complexity of the devices that are in those phones. And the complexity of the devices is really what's changing. As I mentioned in my remarks, on the up -- take applications processors. Application processors are now typically more complex than the processors you find in your laptop or desktop computer. Those transistors and that complexity to get low-power, high-performance, move power cores up and down seamlessly without injecting any problems, talk across high-speed buses to LP DDR4 interfaces, all of those things actually compound the complexity compared to a conventional laptop processor. That drives up -- the first thing that drives up is test seconds. So the test seconds we see on these devices is increasing to get better fault coverage and better yields for the parts. That's actually accelerating a bit. The other theme around, the die sizes are shrinking but the transistor counts are increasing. For us, it's really a game of units. As long as units are going up which they are and complexity is going up, the test consequence goes up. The other part of it is that each generation of processor to enable higher bandwidth communications with memory to enable lower power, typically have had more device pin counts. And packaging, like wafer scale packaging and other kinds of technology allow that increased pin count without a lot of added cost for the device. But testing those additional pins is another multiplier effect on the test intensity. So what we've seen and I've talked about in the past is parallel test is something that is flat lined and in some cases inverting backwards. So you might have seen, for example, a year or two ago a complex application processor being tested eight in parallel on a tester. Because of the complexity increase, some of that is inverting back to maybe six in parallel or four in parallel. So that is also a good trend line for the business. And all of that is what gives us the confidence to see a market that has been declining moving to a market that will be growing, looking forward.  I could go into similar issues with power management ICs which are even -- in terms of the rate of growth of complexity, are even higher. But that's the general trend.
Farhan Ahmad: And then my second question, just a quick follow-up to some of the questions that's already been asked, in terms of the gross margin, your guidance and the reported gross margins are extremely impressive particularly given the currency weakness. I just wanted to understand a little better in terms of the lease systems that you have, I would imagine because those were lease systems, you would be depreciating them over time. So the book value on those systems should have come down. And when you are converting them to sales, the gross margins on them should be significantly higher. I just want to make sure the way I'm thinking about it is correct and also is the gross margin on the leased system higher or not?
Greg Beecher: You're correct that we were depreciating the systems under GAAP and we've sold them. Keep in mind, we got orders for one-third. Orders. We didn't ship everything. So the leased system and you have to figure out, what was the original economics of the transaction which we're not going to disclose, but they were tied to a large purchase. But certainly depreciating them and then selling them, those two factors would give you a better margin than otherwise. But it's not moving the margin in a material way given the size of this business in this quarter.
Operator: Your next question is from David Duley from Steelhead Securities.
David Duley: You have talked about how the SOC CAGR is moving from a negative 3% to a positive 3%. I think you've outlined it's increased complexity and less parallelism as the key reason why you're seeing a change in the growth rate. Is that an accurate assumption?
Mark Jagiela: Yes, it's those two factors primarily.
David Duley: And could you talk -- so I guess that would imply, since 50% of your test business is mobility that in the mobility sector, specifically in the application processor sector, you're seeing this unfold as you've described. So we might expect that sector to show more consistent growth rather than this every other year growth?
Mark Jagiela: No, I think it's still going to show every other year growth. The swing in year-over-year differences has not been -- it's the rate of change of complexity. So in any given year, new devices get introduced, they may have a step function increase in their complexity or a more modest increase. And we still expect that cadence to continue. But the test, depending on whether it's a modest or complex increase, the test impact will still proportionally go up compared to the past, we believe. And that's not just true of applications processors. That's also true of power management and RF transceivers.
David Duley: Okay. As my follow on, could you just -- maybe you said it, could you remind us what memory revenue and memory orders were during the quarter? And then talk about what are some of the key reasons you think that you're picking up market share here on a pretty rapid pace. Thank you.
Greg Beecher: I will do the numbers. The memory bookings in the first quarter were $64 million. And the memory sales in the first quarter were $44 million.
Mark Jagiela: Just going back to why are we picking up share, if we look at both NAND, flash and DRAM, two things have happened over the past four years that continue to happen that are very favorable for us. When we reentered the memory test market, we made a -- we had to make a decision, how were we going to be different than the large incumbent. We made a bet on building testers that had a lot of high-frequency capability to test emerging bus standards. So take NAND flash for a minute. NAND flash, when it was dominated in audio applications, was a pretty low-speed device. As it moves into smartphones and as it moves into SSDs, the interface speeds on NAND flash have grown dramatically and continue to grow and new standards are coming out faster than had been forecast even two years ago. That means the test system has to be able to both stimulate and read data from that high-speed interface. If it can't do it, it's obsolete. It can't be used. Our testers having been architected with that head room sit there as the only alternative to a customer who is moving up rapidly in bus speed. And that's worked in our favor both on the DRAM side which has a similar story and on the flash side. That's the real single factor.
Operator: The next question comes from Weston Twigg from Pacific Crest Securities.
Weston Twigg: Two questions. First, just following up on the memory commentary, I'm wondering, given that orders have typically peaked in Q2 but you're seeing this longer term trend for higher speeds driving demand for test, does that imply that memory demand could hold up nicely through the year or do you still think it might follow traditional seasonal patterns?
Mark Jagiela: It's hard to tell, but if we just listen to what our customers are telling us, it looks like the demand will be relatively steady through the year.
Weston Twigg: Just on the other side, SOC test, was wondering if you could help us walk us through the impact on SOC test demand from -- whether it's positive or negative, just from large customers moving between foundries, particularly as they migrate down below 20 nanometer? How does that impact your business?
Mark Jagiela: I think over the long haul, it doesn't have an impact. In any given period, if one customer has excess capacity that could be absorbed, it might have a period impact to us. But in general, test capacity finds utilization over time and it doesn't impact the long term trend lines we're talking about, but it could absolutely impact a couple of quarters.
Operator: Your next question is from Tom Diffely from D.A. Davidson.
Tom Diffely: One more question on the parallelism comments that you made. Do those comments also correspond to wafer level testing and perhaps probe card limitations or is it all just final test that you are referring to?
Mark Jagiela: So, yes it refers to both, although I would say final test is reaching the limits and inflecting earlier than probe. I think probe still has some head room here in terms of the technology can allow parallelism to be maintained at the level it is for a while. But I think on the package test side, the complexity of building these interface boards for these new devices is such that the payback is really not worth it. That's what it's really coming down to.
Tom Diffely: Okay. And then when you look at this wafer level testing today, what percentage of your business does that include and where do you see that going over the next year or two?
Mark Jagiela: I guess you're asking wafer test versus package test?
Tom Diffely: Correct, yes. To transition towards wafer.
Mark Jagiela: Yes, well some devices classes have moved to wafer level packaging already. A lot of the RF Wi-Fi and combo parts are already wafer level packages, wafer scale packages. So essential they're only tested at wafer. For other parts, like an applications processor, as an example or power management IC, I see those as package devices for some time. The trend that's emerging is are the people have been trying to enable, are these interposers that allow the mounting of multiple die economically into -- on an interposer, then putting them in a single package. The impact to Teradyne in that world is actually not bad. It's pretty good, because you now have to test the wafer a little more rigorously than before to ensure that the die that you're mounting on the interposer is good. And once that you have package that now has three or four die in it, it has to be tested and it's a much more complex test challenge than a singulated package would be. So the complexity issues that arise from 2.5D and 3D packaging are quite good for us, we think.
Tom Diffely: So does that factor into your more bullish growth or is it too small to be a major factor?
Mark Jagiela: That inflection of growth, that's absolutely a factor. It's a complexity. It's part of that complexity element of the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from Patrick Ho from Stifel Nicolaus.
Patrick Ho: Mark, maybe can you comment a little bit about the new product introductions, notably on the memory side and how some of that has impacted positively for gross margin? Because I think in the past you've mentioned you've obviously tried to improve a lot of your operations internally and new product introduction gross margins. How is that positively impacting the overall business model?
Mark Jagiela: Well, in memory test, on the flash or low-speed memory test side, we have a product we introduced last year called the Magnum V. And the Magnum V is obviously a legacy of a long line of Magnum products that has come out of the next test group that we acquired several years ago. And typically what happens when you introduce a new tester, every new tester we introduce has an aggressive target around cost down. It gets introduced into the market and as it ramps, it tends to improve the margin mix early in its life. And as it ages, it somewhat diminishes in its positive mix contribution and then the next tester gets introduced. And so there is a bit of a sawtooth effect on margins with new products. That's not atypical. That goes on, has gone on forever, but we're early in the life of the Magnum V at this point and it is helping.
Patrick Ho: Maybe as a follow-up to that, you mentioned the mix of both DRAM as well as flash. Do you see it, I guess, healthy for both of those markets or is there going to be a bias towards one or the other in terms of the outlook you presented for memory as a whole?
Mark Jagiela: I think that what I would say is that flash and DRAM probe which are all, I would say, not low speed but lower speed insertions, is the more interesting growth area that we see.
Operator: Your final question comes from Atif Malik from Citigroup.
Atif Malik: Mark, a question on the reuse of equipment. Your OSAP customers have talked about very high reuse rate going from 20 nanometer to 60 nanometer and that's reflected in their CapEx coming down this year. So my question is, how do you see your reuse rate on apps processor going from 16 to maybe 10 nanometer? And could the reuse rate really change that up one year, down one year scenario, to more like flat to down for the next few years?
Mark Jagiela: First of all, for semiconductor test equipment and the specific example you cite, testers rarely go obsolete. They tend to have a 10-plus-year useful life. And this is different than what we saw in LitePoint's business a few years back. These testers that are installed today for applications processor test will be utilized for the next generation of applications processor. There's no doubt about that. But on top of that, because of the other factors that we mentioned, there will need to be incremental capacity added. Just like the surge we saw last year came on top of previously installed capacity that was also reused. So there's going to always be a relatively high level of reuse of Semiconductor Test equipment generation to generation. There's also upgrades that are provided, too, to keep the testers going a longer time period which generates good contribution.
Atif Malik: Greg, just a follow-up. You guys are getting more and more vocal about attractive M&A, but you haven't really seen anything for quite some time. I'm just trying to understand, is it the pricing that's an issue or you haven't found anything? And what is the criteria for attractive M&A?
Greg Beecher: It's like good wine. You can't pop the bottle before its time. There are a couple of good candidates, but we can't rush anything. We have to make sure that we're thoroughly comfortable, it's a good fit, we can help them grow faster. When we describe it to our investors or our board, they're very comfortable with it. It makes sense. But it's about making sure the valuation makes sense relative to the synergies and the advantages we can give the business. We've been work on a small number for a long period of time, but it hasn't stopped us from returning capital, either. So I think we try to say a couple quarters ago, it's not an either/or. We're going to do both. When we look at these targets, we're constantly looking at, at this price, with this plan, with these synergies, are we better off buying back stock. We do that every single opportunity. And sometimes we don't do a deal because we're better off buying stock.
Andy Blanchard: Okay. Folks, thanks so much. This concludes today's call and thank you for your interest in Teradyne and we look forward to working with you down the road.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for participating. At this time, you may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew J. Blanchard - Vice President of Corporate Relations Mark E. Jagiela - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Treasurer
Analysts: Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division James V. Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Christopher J. Muse - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Farhan Ahmad - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division David Duley Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Sidney Ho - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kevin, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Teradyne Q4 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Andy Blanchard, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Thank you, Kevin. Well, good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our CEO, Mark Jagiela; and our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for the fourth quarter and full year 2014 as well as our outlook for the first quarter of this year. The press release containing our fourth quarter results was issued last night. We are providing slides on the Investor page of the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion, and those slides can be downloaded, now or you can follow it online. If you don't see the download icon, simply refresh the page. In addition, replays of this call will be available via the same page about 24 hours after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release as well as our most recent SEC filings, including with respect to our dividend and share repurchase programs, which may be discontinued depending on general economic and market conditions and other considerations. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we'll make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We've posted additional information concerning those non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure where [ph] available, on the Investor page of the website. Also, between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne will be participating in investor conferences hosted by Stifel Nicolaus, Goldman Sachs, Susquehanna and Bank of America. Now let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, Mark will comment on our recent results and the general market environment as we enter the first quarter. Greg will then offer more details on our quarterly financial results along with our guidance for the first quarter. We'll then answer your questions, and you should note that we intend to end this call after 1 hour. Mark?
Mark E. Jagiela: Thanks, Andy, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'd like to cover 3 topics with you. First, our performance in 2014; second, the outlook for our markets in 2015; and third, our capital allocation plans for 2015. Greg will then review the numbers and our capital plans in detail. 2014 was a very good year for Teradyne with sales up about 15% and non-GAAP operating profit up over 25%. Most of this gain came from our Semiconductor Test business, where sales and profits grew 27% and 50%, respectively. A strong SOC test market in 2014 of about $2.35 billion, combined with our 2-point share gain to 50% in this segment, led to most of our year-over-year increase. Mobility devices, such as applications processors, wireless transceivers and power management ICs, all posted above-average demand in the year as the combination of new nodes, higher-than-average complexity advances and a wider proliferation of new product introductions drove demand. Our strong share position in these device segments was responsible for much of our year-over-year revenue increase. During the year, our R&D pipeline introduced new RF, digital and collaborative software products in this segment. The software, called Oasis, is particularly appealing as it allows widely disperse teams of 10s of development engineers to collaborate on increasingly complex test program development. This yields time-to-market advantages that are key in the fast-moving mobility space, where complexity grows dramatically every year and volume ramps get even steeper. The memory market was about flat year-over-year at around $500 million, and here we picked up about 1 point of share to 27%. 2014 marked our highest level of memory test revenue since the year 2000. Our new Magnum V memory tester won numerous design-ins and began to ramp in 2014. The product is now well positioned at 4 of the top 5 flash manufacturers. Additionally, at the end of 2014, we secured 2 design wins for our new high-speed DRAM tester for known good die. Known good die is a developing trend as more bare die get tested at speed to allow for more die-on-die mounting in future mobile devices. Looking forward, we see the 2015 SOC test market in the $1.9 billion to $2.2 billion range. Coming off an above-average year for mobile device test tooling in 2014, we expect to see the same pattern we've seen over the past 5 years where as this year's capacity as will fall below the average, as mobile device's test additions from 2014 are digested and optimized. We then expect another surge in 2016 as more aggressive technology of node migration and more complex functional content combine to drive test intensity. Other SOC segments like Linear, Mixed Signal, Automotive and MCU should be flat to up 3% year-over-year. Stepping back to a broader perspective, as I mentioned on the last call, we still see a nominal $2.2 billion SOC market growing 3% to 5% over the midterm, assuming an 8% unit growth rate in semiconductors. At the same time, we expect this pattern of year-to-year and seasonal swings to remain a part of the SOC test market over the next few years. In memory test, we see the market in 2015 as essentially flat at $500 million. Higher speed interfaces in both Flash and DRAM continue to grow and swing more of a market to the sweet spot of our product offerings, and our plan is to pick up 2 to 3 points of share in 2015. Turning to Wireless Test. Last year, our LitePoint business gained market share and scored significant design wins in cellular and NFC testing. We are now qualified and positioned in 8 of the top 10 handset manufacturers. Despite this, revenue was down year-over-year as the market compressed even more than our earlier forecast due to the continued tester productivity and pricing pressures. We estimate the Wireless Test production market was in the $500 million range in 2014. Looking forward, we expect modest market growth in this segment over the next few years as handset growth rates, while still high, continue to slow. We expect this market to be in the $450 million to $600 million range in 2015, with LitePoint gaining a few points of share building off our design wins in 2014. LTE, LTE Advanced and 802.11ac adoption will continue at a fast pace; and this, combined with new standards like NFC testing, are the opportunity for LitePoint. Further, a proliferation of reliable, high-bandwidth connections in vehicles over the next 5 years will be another driver of test intensity as quality and reliability of these connections will be paramount. Our System Test business saw about a 6% year-on-year increase in revenue and solid profitability. This was due to strong customer pull for our newly introduced Multi-Site Inline board tester and an increase in our Storage Test business. Storage Test continues its recovery as revenue more than doubled year-on-year, and the group returned to profitability in the fourth quarter. Steady progress in SSD testing has led much of the recovery, and the traditional hard disk drive test business is also showing signs of recovery. As we look to 2015, we see a return to buying in the enterprise and cloud-based storage drive market as well as continued demand in the SSD space. We expect double-digit revenue growth and the group to be back at model profit for the year. Our production board test business grew over 15% in 2014 due to the success of our new inline test product. It's also notable that bookings in Asia grew 47% year-over-year. After many years of decline, 2014 was a turning point to growth in this business, which we expect to continue in 2015. Our defense and aerospace business saw a revenue decline in 2014 due to the anticipated wind down of some legacy programs in the DoD. Despite this, the group still delivered above-model profits and enhanced its product portfolio with the acquisition of AIT in the fourth quarter. AIT brings advanced test instrumentation to the testing of high-speed communications interfaces, increasingly found in all forms of military hardware from aircraft to drones to ground vehicles to smart munitions. As legacy weapons systems get retrofitted and new systems come online, this product will play an increasingly important role in our defense and aerospace test business. We expect the combination of new DoD programs ramping and AIT to put us back on a growth trajectory in 2015 and beyond. Finally, let me turn to capital allocation. 2014 was a strong year for cash generation at Teradyne with over $300 million of free cash flow. During the year, we paid off our convertible debt and initiated our first quarterly dividend. We've also been very active on the business development front, working on select attractive M&A candidates to enhance our strategic position for the long term. Technology businesses evolve quickly, and capitalizing on turning points both in organic R&D and M&A is vital for long-term success. A balanced approach of capital return and investing in the business is our recipe for long-term success of the company and the shareholders. As we enter 2015 and look at the total portfolio of opportunities ahead of us, we've decided to increase our stock buyback authorization to $500 million, while maintaining our quarterly dividend at its current level. We plan to execute $300 million of this total authorization in 2015. As we move through the year, we will continue to assess our M&A pipeline and core business cash generation to determine if a buyback above the $300 million level in 2015 is warranted. Let me now turn it over to Greg.
Gregory R. Beecher: Thanks, Mark. And good morning, everyone. I'll start with the key highlights of 2014 and then I'll detail our 2015 capital allocation plans and how those plans reconciled to our cash requirements, our M&A prospects and longer-term plans. I'll then cover the fourth quarter results and first quarter outlook and close with some perspective on 2015. On the financial highlight front, 2014 goes into the annals of Teradyne as our fifth consecutive year of exceeding the ATE industry model profit rate. In 2014, we achieved a non-GAAP operating profit rate of 19%, 4 points above the model rate of 15%. Over the last 5-year period, our non-GAAP operating profit rate has ranged from 18% to 28% and averaged out at a 22% annual rate. This solid 2014 and multiyear performance places us right alongside the best-run semi-equipment suppliers. In 2014, we achieved sales of $1,648,000,000, up 15% from the prior year, and inked non-GAAP operating income of $321 million, up 26% from the prior year. We also generated $323 million in free cash flow after investing about $75 million in leased testers and contributing $30 million to fully fund our U.S. pension plan. Over the last 5 years, our annual free cash flow has averaged about $290 million or 19% of sales. The Teradyne of today is a far less volatile performer than in the past with our lean OpEx and variable manufacturing model. This optimized model has allowed us to stay in the black even in the seasonal fourth quarter troughs, where sales are often down about 40% from the peak quarter. SOC test buying cycles have ebbed and flowed year-to-year between on and off mobility test buying rather than sizable over buying followed by prolonged corrections. Mobility buying was very strong in 2012 and '14, and we averaged a 21% non-GAAP operating profit rate in these on years. In the off-buying years of 2011 and '13, despite sales being down about $200 million company-wide, we nonetheless earned above the 15% industry model profit rate. While I've previously described the market and product strategy behind our strong financial performance, I'll quickly summarize it again now as it's how we plan on growing earnings looking ahead. First, we're highly selective and target the most attractive markets, and we likewise avoid the hard-to-differentiate segments. After selecting the most attractive segments to target, we work closely with the leading and most demanding players to tease out their future test challenges. We then design new products with lower cost of tests through higher device throughput, while also reducing their time to volume production with faster programming and debugging tools. We often also deliver greater accuracy and therefore better device yield as there is less guard banding needed. This combination of a very efficient and optimized model with lean OpEx and variable manufacturing, coupled with identifying submarkets and customers that are attractive, both in growth rate and the ability to differentiate, continues to set us apart. By executing this strategy, we set another SemiTest share record in 2014, reaching 46% share in the combined SOC and memory market, up 2 points from last year's record. You may recall from prior calls that about half of our market share gains come from being in healthier markets, which capture a growing share of the total test wallet, and the other half are net share wins from head-to-head battles. In 2014, we also benefited from higher-than-normal application processing buying, so we'd expect 2015 segment shifts to be less favorable for us and expect to hold share above flat for the year. Our largest SemiTest competitor has about 41% share, so the 2 largest players have a combined 87% share of the market. However, this market remains as competitive as ever. This has had a direct impact on our operating expenses. After aggressive reductions in 2008 and '09, our SemiTest OpEx has trended back up due to that competitive environment. These investments have been fundamental to our 10 points of share gain over the last 4 years, and our product and support lineup is stronger than ever. Still, we continue to look for opportunities to scale this OpEx investment back and expect our 2015 spend in both SemiTest and at the company level to be equal to or lower than 2014. Turning now to a quick summary of the strategic highlights of 2014. We fielded over 10 new innovative products and enhancements across the company. Mark noted a few key products in SemiTest that have driven our share forward. At LitePoint, we introduced and shipped in volume a new product for NFC radiated test and extended our connectivity share position with a leading 802.11ac MIMO and beamforming test solution. In System Test, we have successfully entered the 3.5" and SSD storage markets, expanded our reach in defense and aerospace with the AIT purchase and established a profitable growth path for the production for our test business. Now looking to our 2015 capital allocation plans. The $500 million buyback approved by our broad is based upon our strong business model and confidence in Teradyne's future. We plan on buying back $300 million in 2015, either through an ASR, open market purchases or a combination of the 2. I should point out that we also have a healthy pipeline of attractive M&A opportunities, which require that we preserve some balance sheet flexibility. Of course, we'll continually review the returns we can achieve from our M&A pipeline and gets an even greater capital return. We've also included a schedule that shows our total cash and marketable security balances along with our minimum cash needs. You'll note that similar to some other peer companies we need about a year's worth of OpEx or roughly $500 million as our minimum cash, of which $400 million is needed in the U.S. Hence, the plan 2015 buyback of $300 million is quite significant against our beginning U.S. balance of $683 million. The $300 million is, of course, in addition to about $50 million that we expect to spend on dividends in 2015. You can also see that we have $616 million offshore, well above our $100 million minimum foreign balance. This is a result of the lower offshore tax rate that we have enjoyed over many years for a portion of our foreign sales. We may find a foreign acquisition that meets our strict acquisition criteria where this excess cash can be efficiently deployed. Barring this, we look to bring this foreign cash back when and if there is a repatriation holiday. Longer term, absent a cataclysmic environment, we plan to generate additional U.S. and foreign cash each year. We plan to update you each January on our current year capital return plans rather than setting a rigid long-term formula now. Okay, so move to the details of the fourth quarter. Our sales were $323 million; the non-GAAP operating profit rate was 11%, and non-GAAP EPS was $0.14. We had 2 10% customers in the quarter. Non-GAAP gross margins were 53%. You'll see our non-GAAP operating expenses were down $9 million to $136 million compared to the third quarter due to lower variable compensation accruals. Moving to our segment-level details. SemiTest bookings were $226 million, in line with the familiar consumer seasonal patterns and the strong first half pull-in [ph]. SOC test orders were $201 million, and memory test orders were $25 million. SemiTest service orders were $61 million of the total. Before leaving SemiTest, I'd like to quickly update you on the UltraFLEX leases which have a 1-year initial term. In 2014, we invested approximately $75 million in lease testers. Currently, we expect about 20% of these testers to be bought out in the first quarter. In 2015, we expect our gross CapEx to fallback to about $90 million to $100 million. Shifting now to Wireless Test. We booked $39 million and shipped $40 million in fourth quarter, the highest fourth quarter revenue in history. I'd like to now quickly cover the LitePoint goodwill charge. As you can see from our release, we recorded a noncash goodwill impairment charge of $99 million. This was triggered primarily by the reduction in the wireless market size in 2014, which in turn tempers our longer-term view of the Wireless Test market size. There was a large step function change in the market size due to aggressive pricing, parallel test efficiencies and customers optimizing their existing equipment. As Mark noted, the Wireless Test market, which came in at about $500 million in 2014, still offers growth opportunities looking ahead with LTE proliferation, test time expansion and unit growth. However, this lower starting point of the Wireless Test market drives the goodwill impairment charge. Now moving to System Test. Orders were $67 million in the quarter and shipments were $46 million. Defense and aerospace orders more than doubled from Q3 on the strength of DoD system orders and annual service renewals. And in production board tests, while Q4 orders softened after a strong Q3, we finished 2014 with the highest full-year bookings in 3 years. Sales for the first quarter are expected to be between $320 million and $345 million, and the non-GAAP EPS range is $0.09 to $0.14 and 220 million diluted shares. Q1 guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles, a gain on the sale of an equity investment and related tax impact. The operating profit rate at the midpoint of our first quarter guidance is about 11%. Our 2015 tax rate is expected to be about 27%. If the R&D tax credit is reinstated for 2015, that rate will drop to about 25%. Post 2015, we expect our long-term tax rate to be in the high 20s assuming no R&D tax credit. Before we completely close the book on 2014, it's worth highlighting one last time some of the key milestones achieved in 2014. We notched our fifth consecutive year of operating above the industry model profit rate. We achieved our highest-ever ATE market share position. We scored the highest-ever VLSI score for customer satisfaction for any semi-equipment provider, and we initiated our first-ever quarterly dividend. We now enter 2015 demonstrating our long-term confidence in our business and future earnings growth with our planned $300 million buyback in 2015 against the announced $500 million authorized repurchase program. With that, I'll turn the call back to Andy.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Thanks, Greg. Now, Kevin, we'd now like to take some questions. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri from Cowen & Company.
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I guess the first question, Greg, is just on the buyback. This has been discussed for some time. Obviously, you've been getting a lot of pressure on that, and you're certainly buying back more than your cash flow this year. But -- and you've sort of always said that you wanted to keep cash on hand for deals. But sort of what changed and why now? I mean, this sort of could've been done last quarter or the quarter before. Is it that the asset prices of the stuff you want to buy are not coming down the way you thought? What -- so I guess, the question is, why now?
Gregory R. Beecher: I think last quarter on the call I did indicate that it's not an either/or. We do intend to pursue highly strategic, very good fits into Teradyne in M&A, where we can grow companies faster and return capital. So if we can do both. We also want to get a good look at the midterm plan, which we hold together about this time of the year. And we want to spend enough time with our board to go through all the alternatives, trade-offs or M&A pipeline. But we tried to signal to you guys last time that we can do both.
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And then I guess a question on Wireless Test. It seems like a really terrible market. We're hearing pricing is down 70%, 80% [ph] the last 12 to 18 months. It just sounds really bad. And I guess, what's going to change the competitive issues there? There's still 5 large companies trying to compete in a market that is really not big anymore at all. So what's going to catapult you back into the technology lead? Do you have to make another M&A deal there? And sort of what's your assessment broadly of what the competitive issues are? And importantly, what's going to make it better?
Mark E. Jagiela: All right, I'll take that one, Tim. You're right in terms of the fact that the market has contracted dramatically. I wouldn't say pricing's down as much as you suggested, but it has been down. Now the thing that's going to play out, as I mentioned in my remarks, over the next few years, I think it will be a continued tough market. There's some technical innovations in how handsets and such get tested that we believe will break out over the next 2 to 3 years and allow Teradyne -- we plan -- to sort of emerge from that. So as long as the market stays in its current algorithm around how it's testing the handsets, it'll be a tough slow-growth market. But we do see some things coming with the proliferation of more bands in phones and the premium on how does that phone switch bands, hand off voice to WiFi, gets voice over LTE going. All of that complexity probably requires a rethink in how phones get tested, and we've got some work going on in that direction.
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, and then maybe last thing. Greg, can you give us just a sense of what you think gross margin is going to be for March?
Gregory R. Beecher: Gross margins for the year -- I think gross margins for the year will be about flat with last year. Did you ask just for the first quarter?
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Yes.
Gregory R. Beecher: First quarter, I think will be 52% to 53%.
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: So 52% to 53%.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jim Covello from Goldman Sachs.
James V. Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First question for Greg. Greg, the chart on your U.S. cash versus your foreign cash is really helpful. Could you give us some sense of what dictates where -- the difference in where the cash is generated year-to-year? There's some pretty dramatic changes as you laid out the fiscal '12, '13 and '14 in terms of where the cash flow is generated and therefore domiciled. If you could give us some sense on that, that'd be great.
Gregory R. Beecher: Sure, Jim. What drives the foreign cash high as a percent in some years is UltraFLEX and J750. Those are both very successful high-runner products, huge installed bases. Those profits for foreign customers end up in Singapore. So that's the foreign cash that got trapped. Our other businesses, whether it's LitePoint, Eagle, Nextest, MilAero, production board test, that would be U.S. cash flow. And it's a mix of how those businesses perform year-to-year affects the cash flows in one location versus the other.
James V. Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's incredibly helpful. And if I could just for my follow up -- it looks like you kind of matching the current year buyback with the previous year's cash flow. Is that an intentional issue? Or is that just more kind of coincidence? Because I remember you did something relatively similar with the dividend that you announced last year, matched -- the outlay was consistent with the previous year's cash flow. Is that how we should think about maybe the capital allocation incrementally going forward?
Gregory R. Beecher: I wouldn't think of this that way per se, Jim. After this $350 million, the buyback and the dividend, if you model Teradyne -- and it's hard to model U.S. versus foreign cash flow. But no matter how you do it, you're going to see that there isn't really any excess cash in the U.S. at the end of this buyback. So that's how we thought about it. And we have a foreign cash trap problem, which is a result of a lower tax rate. So it's more about bringing our U.S. cash flow closer to the minimum balance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse with Evercore ISI.
Christopher J. Muse - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I guess first question, your system test orders reached a, roughly, what, 3-year peak year. In your prepared remarks, you talked about HDD and SSD. I'm curious if you could expand on that? And is that what's driving the strength in the order book? And how should we think about the businesses in '15 and beyond on the hard drive and solid state drive side?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. So most of the growth in the System Test business did come from storage test. And in 2014, we endeavored to get a good position in SSD testing that worked in our favor. We ended up with over $20 million of test business in SSD test in the year. So that was a significant part of the growth. And the other part was the production board test side. Now if you think about this year, the good news in storage test is it looks like on top of the SSD business we will see a return to buying at some level for hard disk drives for enterprise and cloud. So there's a trend there that looks good. MilAero should also grow this year. So I think after many years of that section of the business being weak to down, we are back and going to see sequential years of growth.
Christopher J. Muse - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then I guess as my follow-up on the SSD test side, I guess -- can you walk me through what gives you the confidence that we'll see a nice recovery in 2016? And I'm assuming there you're talking about the 2-year cadence on AP. And I guess as part of that, can you weave in your thoughts again on the buy rate bottoming and potentially moving higher as you discussed last call? As well as what you're seeing in terms of the weakening yen versus the dollar and how that might be impacting or not impacting the competitive landscape?
Mark E. Jagiela: Okay. A lot of topics there. Let me start with the yen and dollar issue. So our competitor being yen- and euro-dominated currency, in terms of their OpEx, certainly we'll see a benefit from the exchange rates over time since the tester market worldwide is predominantly a dollar-based transaction. We haven't seen any pricing changes as a result of that. And as they've indicated, hopefully, they'll take all of that to profit and will have a health ecosystem. But -- so on that front, nothing new and -- so we just watch and see what will happen. In terms of the year-to-year swings in the SOC market and around mobility, it's really more than just applications processors. It's a whole series of parts that includes the base band, the RF and the PMICs and a variety of other things that have coincidentally been on this even year-odd year cadence. And for example, in 2014, what drove it above average I would say was a series of things happened in that year. The diversity of new product introductions in the year was quite larger than normal. We had more flavors of new handset products coming to market than with the typical. And inside those handsets, there was more innovative capabilities and silicon than in a typical year, say the prior year of 2013. So those 2 things combined to drive test demand. The other thing that happened in '14 is there was, I would say, pent-up demand to refresh handsets in the consumer base. And so the level of ramp around those new product introductions to meet the surge of demand for the handsets was quite high. And if you look through the year, the level of shipments doesn't -- isn't flat for handsets. It kind of peaks perhaps in the fourth quarter. And so -- and people have to tool for that peak. And a year where the introductions may not be as, let's say, a lot of change in technology or diversity, a lot of that capacity can be smoothed out and reabsorbed. So I would say the fourth quarter peak last year in handsets is probably higher than normal. So that explains why last year was high. This year, we think, we'll be more like a 2013 market, where there certainly will be change but not at that level. So when we look forward to '16, why are we confident that '16 will be another surge year? And it really gets into what we see are the underlying new designs that -- and the technologies and complexity of the new designs that are currently in sort of a test chip mode that won't show up for another year and half. And when we look at that and just from that extrapolate, we say, boy, '16 should be another big year of a more complex introduction of more diverse products, and that should drive our market. So a long-winded answer, but that's how we look at it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I feel that, Mark, if I look at the LitePoint business, I think you ought to know the challenges that you're seeing in the competition -- and looks like you guys had a layoff in that division. So my question is was it profitable in an operating level in Q4, the Wireless business? And then I'll follow up.
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, first of all, in the Wireless -- yes, good questions. In the Wireless business last year, we didn't really have any significant layoff. We made so few adjustments, less than a couple of percent of the total workforce. And...
Gregory R. Beecher: And -- the proper rate was profitable in the fourth quarter. And for the year, it was profitable above the ATE industry model they target at 15%. It was above that. So while the market has been compressed, LitePoint, as I think we've said in the past, has manufacturing production optimized testers, which generally means lower cost of goods sold and better throughput and easier to use in production, because they don’t use a general-purpose tester or an R&D tester and try to convert it. So the gross margins and the operating profits are still good. But they're down from the record levels. Prior to this year, we were averaging a much higher operating profit rates. But again, we're still north of the 15%.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. They're pretty helpful, Greg. And then as a follow-up. With all the focus on IOD and things like that, I was wondering, if you look at the analog mixed-signal test market, are you actually seeing any of the traditional rack-and-stack guys or some of the software coming into that market and trying to, for lack of a better term, pull the LitePoint competitive situations in that segment?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. Rack-and-stack equipment has always played a role at the simple device end of test for semiconductors. And so to things like power amplifiers or discrete semiconductors, that's always been a situation that they've persisted in. I think there is a trend for them trying to move further up the food chain, so that's happening. But the complexity of these devices, in other words, in order to get really innovative products at a low cost that a consumer would crave requires some functionality that typically can't be produced in a simple device. So producing an advanced, let's say, Bluetooth or WiFi-embedded microcontroller with a bunch of sensors and convertors to do something significant for a consumer is a complex chip. It's not an expensive chip, per se, but it's complex. And the ability for the rack-and-stack guys to move in and test those I think is limited.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of [indiscernible] with Crédit Suisse.
Farhan Ahmad - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: This is Farhan from Crédit Suisse. My first question is regarding the capital allocation. Can you just talk about the choice of buyback over dividend. Wouldn't it be better if you had like raised the dividend and you added buyback in addition to that? So just want to hear your thoughts on like why not do some dividend plus buyback rather than just allocating everything to buyback?
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes. Well, we look at the total capital return first in total, and then we see it's -- you could increase the dividend and/or buyback the stock. But we thought a very meaningful stock buyback really depleting our U.S. cash to the minimum level would be the strongest signal we can send to our long-term investors to really show the confidence that we have sitting here. So we thought that was a stronger move. And we also said each January we will update you on our next year's capital allocation plan. So stay tuned next January. We'll update you what the plan is then.
Farhan Ahmad - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. And then my second question is for Mark. The test market have consolidated from what used to be like 5 to 7 players down to primarily 2 large companies. And Mark, you mentioned that the competitive dynamics continue to remain strong in the industry. And I guess, like -- my question to you is like if it's a 2-player market, how much of the competitive dynamics in the market is affected by your own actions? And would it be -- would the market be less competitive if you were a little less aggressive on OpEx and maybe try to optimize the company for margins rather than market share?
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, we have optimized the company for margins, so it's a question of how much. And as Greg mentioned in his remarks, we scaled back significantly in 2009 and '10 on OpEx. And what we found is that our competitor didn't. And in that situation, over the long course of time we've been increasing our R&D and in a few other places in the company as a result. Now that's all proven successful. We've been able to have a large profit headroom over the competitor, even with that increasing OpEx. But since this is a long-term battle, we have to make sure that our product portfolio and our customer-facing support is competitive.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David Duley with Steelhead.
David Duley: A question on the SOC test market projections that you just made, I think. It looks like that you're calling for the overall market to be down about $250 million next year. Is the vast major of that the application processor piece? I know there's some ancillary parts that go along with those that could also in years can be down. But just trying to kind of figure out is the big piece that's down the application processor piece. And outside of that, what would you expect the rest of the markets to do?
Gregory R. Beecher: Well, I would say the vast majority of it -- or the majority of it is the application processors. But I would say the associated mobile chips that go with that are also, we're thinking, going to be down. So those would be the Wireless, whether it's WiFi or whether it's the LTRF transceivers and baseband chips to also will be down compared to last year. So in the end markets, the devices themselves will grow. They just won't grow as much as last year. And therefore, the tests needs will be down a little bit. So outside of Wireless and mobility, areas like analog and automotive and even image sensor, which is actually a mobile product, will grow this year. So those are all going to grow. And it's just that the relative magnitude of the swing in the mobile devices is quite large. And that underlying growth of these other device segments really cushion a little bit but not the whole swing.
David Duley: So I guess I'm trying to interpret what you're SOC revenue will be next year based on your market commentary. It sounds this segment's going to be $250 million or so, like you have a vast majority of market share there. Does the rest of the market make up for this and you end up somewhat, let's say, flat to down 5% kind of in SOC?
Mark E. Jagiela: I think that's hard to predict that mix. But I think a way -- one way to think about it is our overall market share is about 50%, and if the market's going to come down $200 million, $300 million, it could reasonably assume that we're not overly highly concentrated in those mobility segments. I would say that if our 50% share on average is spread around, -- we have higher share in analog and microcontroller and such, and in mobility it's probably a little bit below 50. So -- but rough math, you might say, if the market comes down $200 million, maybe a $100 million of that comes out of us.
David Duley: And does the rest of the market make up for it, do you think?
Mark E. Jagiela: Some of it. Some of it will be made up, but not all of it.
David Duley: And then as my follow-on, could you help us understand who your 10% customers were, what segments they were, what the ultimate percentages were? Any other information that you can give us will be helpful.
Mark E. Jagiela: Other than the customers who are in the mobility space, there's really nothing else we can say.
David Duley: Both SOC test customers or...
Mark E. Jagiela: There is a LitePoint and in SOC.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Ho, Stifel, Nicolaus.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Mark, maybe just going onto Wireless Test market for a second. You've provided a pretty wide variability of the overall market outlook. I guess, one of the key drivers for the -- both the low end and the high end of the range is it driven more by, I guess, the cellular test market and seeing growth there that can either get you to the high end? Or if you experience more pressures there that get you to the low end?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, good question. In Wireless Test, the volatility in the market is much higher on the cellular side of test than it is on the WiFi side of the test. So 1 of the factors there will be in Asia, and primarily in China, how will the year play out with incremental volume and who and which supplier of handsets in China will capture that incremental volume. There's a wide variation in terms of test intensity among the different suppliers of handsets. So that's something that's hard to call,. That is part of the reason the ranges is a bit wide. And we're -- as I mentioned, we're positioned pretty well across a large number of those. But what each might invest in terms of test and quality assurance is different.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Great, that's helpful. And maybe going to the SOC test market. I know you gave very -- a broad outlook of 2016 with the hopes that the next generation devices will, I guess, create the demand once again for an uptick in the SOC test market. Big picture, how much can your customers reuse, I guess, the capacity that they bought in 2014 for the next generation devices? I guess, what you gives you confidence that you'll see another buying wave for, I guess, the 40-nanometer finFET devices that are likely to come out later this year and into 2016?
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, first on the reuse thing. In SemiTest, the platforms that we sell tend to be utilized for 10 years or so. There is some obsolescence that occurs along the way and the systems gets refreshed with new instruments. And as the devices increase in complexity, they -- that typically means there's more power supplies and more digital pins needed in the tester to test the parts that are upgraded. That's not new. That's been going on forever. And we expect that to be the case in '16. So the products that we've installed in '14 and will in '15 will certainly be utilized and upgraded for use in '16 and in addition to new systems. So if the world's adding, let’s say, 250 million new smartphones a year, that gets serviced by predominantly new testers and then the additional -- the current testers get upgraded. The other thing that happens with each new complex device is the test time goes up. So that tends to require additional capacity as well. So it's not just the incremental 250 million that needs to be serviced, but the other 1 billion units or devices that are being produced need more capacity as well. So that's sort of the flywheel effect that keeps going. And the real wildcard, I'd say, under all of that is, well, what's the level of incremental jump in complexity coming in '16 versus '15 versus '14? And we triangulate on that by just looking at the standards, the chips that are running in a sort of test chip environment that are maybe 9 months to a year from production and try to extrapolate off of that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Diffely of D.A. Davidson.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Maybe just a quick follow-up on Patrick's question there. So when you look at 2016 on the SOC side, does your demand required the move to finFET? Or would you see that demand if you stay at, say, the 20-nanometer node and just had increases in the number of design activity?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. I think there's an assumption in that, but it will be finFET in '16, I would say.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay, all right. And then -- I mean, just looking over at the memory side, if we saw actual DRAM wafer starts increasing this year, not just upgrades for the existing wafer starts, would that change your view for the size of the test market for memory?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, a bit. But memory test has been under pretty tight control band for a while now. There are -- there -- I'd say there's more upside in memory than in prior years. Because with the move to LPDDR4 for mobile devices, that's a frequency jump again. That's a challenge, and it limits the reuse of existing testers. So to the extent the shift toward LPDDR4 DDR4 tends to be harder, that will move the market up. And then the SSD side on Flash, that's another potential upside balloon that if the shift occurs a little bit faster, it can drive upside there. So I think on the -- it's a good point. The memory side this year probably has a bit more upside than normal.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And it's less that upside on the wafer test side or the final test side?
Mark E. Jagiela: Probably, on the DRAM question it's -- I'd say, it's kind of evenly split. Although known good die is starting to get some traction, I think it'll be on both wafer and package. And then on the Flash test side, packaged test probably is a little more upside because of the -- that's the spot where the frequency validation and certification occurs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sidney Ho with Deutsche Bank.
Sidney Ho - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I -- understanding the SOC market was down roughly 10% at $250 million this year, are you still expecting your overall revenue to grow this year? And can you remind us your aspiration of share gains by each segment?
Gregory R. Beecher: Okay. Well, just to go back and refresh, the SOC test market in '14 was $2.35 billion. And this year, what we said in the remarks here is that we expect it to be somewhere between $2.2 billion down to $1.95 billion. So we expect it to come down based -- for the reasons I mentioned earlier. And then inside that, we every year have a goal of trying to gain 1 to 2 points of share in SOC. We've been on that trend line now for quite some time and being successful, although it's lumpy year to year. So 1 to 2 points of share in SOC. And then in memory this year, we're looking around 3 points of share to pick up. So those are our goals,. Those are the goals we've had for several years running now.
Sidney Ho - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: But how should we think about the other businesses, the memory as well as the system business? Would that be able to make up the difference for the decline in the SemiTest column?
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, if you think about memory, memory is a $500 million market. And we pick up 3 points of share, that means $15 million of additional revenue out of the memory business. If memory has a very strong year of $600 million, it would actually be quite a bit more. But it's not going to make up for the falloff in the overall SOC business, where we have 50% share of a $2.2 billion market.
Sidney Ho - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Maybe switching to wireless for a second. I know you guys talk about the taking a charge on that. But in terms of profitability, I think this -- mark of this business, the gross margins actually has above-average gross margin. How should we think about operating margins for this business on a go-forward basis? And at what level will it get to kind of the corporate average with the run rate?
Gregory R. Beecher: It -- this year in it's down year, it operated above the 15% ATE industry model profit rate. So it's above that. The priority [ph] business [ph] was considerably above that. I think the model for LitePoint probably is about -- long term it's probably 20% heated [ph] business. So that's where I expect them to operate plus or minus a few points and it will be lumpy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of from C.J. Muse with Evercore ISI.
Christopher J. Muse - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I guess to follow up, 2 quick questions. The one is how should we think about share count given the $300 million buyback plan for the next 12 months? And I guess within that, how should we think about share grant and dilution from there also by that? And then secondly on the tax side, if you look at TI, they have a 28% tax rate and they have access to almost 100% of their cash. You guys are at 25%, including the R&D tax credit. Curious if there are tax strategies that you are pursuing to enable you to repatriate more cash and sustain the similar tax rate where you are today.
Gregory R. Beecher: C.J., I'll start with the second question first. You're right, our tax rate's gone up in 2015, but we're going to have more U.S. cash flows. It goes hand-in-hand. But if you go back prior few years, our tax rate was 18%. It was also lower than that, it was 13%. So it's fluctuated in the teens and that's when a lot of cash got offshore, which is a good problem to have. But if you look at the snapshot of '15, yes, it's looking more like a TI-type rate. But this -- at this rate of 27%, that's a high rate for us given our mix of businesses. We are constantly looking at tax planning. The only kind of gotcha with tax planning is the more profits you put offshore the less cash that's available to increase a dividend or to buy back stock. So we have to navigate how much we want offshore for a lower tax rate versus how much we want to return to our shareholders. And the former question was -- I lost track...
Christopher J. Muse - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Share count.
Gregory R. Beecher: Well, the authorization is about 7% of our share count. So I would expect by the end of the year we'll take those shares out, and whether it's 16 million shares there about. And then the normal dilution should occur that's happened in the last couple of years.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Okay. Well, this concludes the call for today. Thank you, all, for your interest in Teradyne, and we look forward to speaking with you in the days and weeks ahead. Take care.
Gregory R. Beecher: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew J. Blanchard - Vice President of Corporate Relations Mark E. Jagiela - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Farhan Ahmad Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Christopher J. Muse - ISI Group Inc., Research Division James V. Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division David Duley Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Natalia, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Teradyne Q3 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] We will now turn the call over to Mr. Andrew Blanchard. You may begin, sir.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Thank you, Natalia. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our CEO, Mark Jagiela; and our CFO, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for the third quarter as well as our outlook for the fourth quarter of this year. The press release containing our third quarter results was issued last evening. We're providing slides on the Investor page of the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion. This expanded slide presentation contains some of the numerical data that in the past was included in the speaker remarks. Those slides can be downloaded now or you can follow along live. If you don't see the download icon, simply refresh the page. In addition, the replay of this call will be available via the same page about 24 hours after this call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release as well as our most recent SEC filings for a complete description. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we'll make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We've posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, were available on the Investor page of our website. Also, between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne will be participating in investor conferences hosted by UBS and Crédit Suisse. Now let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, Mark will comment on our recent results and the general market environment as we enter the fourth quarter. Greg will then offer more details on our quarterly financial results along with our guidance for the fourth quarter. We'll then answer your questions. And you should note that we intend to end is call after 1 hour. Mark?
Mark E. Jagiela: Thanks, Andy, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'd like to cover 2 topics with you: first, our performance in 2014; and second, our outlook for the test market over the next several years. Greg will then review the quarterly numbers in detail as well as update you on our capital plans. First, our third quarter results keeps the momentum going for a very good growth year in 2014. At the midpoint of our fourth quarter guidance, we will deliver 15% growth in sales and 23% growth in non-GAAP operating income for the company, compared to 2013. Most of this gain comes from our strengthening Semiconductor Test business where sales and profits are likely to grow just over 25% and 50%, respectively. Seasonal swings in our SemiTest business have increased over the past few years, with this year's second quarter product shipments more than double 2013's fourth quarter levels before settling back down again this Q4. This is tied to the semiconductor capacity ramp that occurs a few months in advance of launching new consumer handsets, tablets and other mobile products. While additional test capacity shipments will reach a low point in Q4, all the capacity we've installed in 2Q and 3Q is running at maximum utilization, churning out chips. The good news is that our manufacturing model is designed to handle these sharp quarter-to-quarter swings with minimal impact to our gross margin and operating model. The SemiTest story is built on steady, financially disciplined market share gains. These gains come from a combination of targeting growth segments, such as mobility and automotive, where we grow faster than the overall market. And also by competitive design wins where our products outperform the competition. This rifle shot approach has led us to about 50% share of the SOC test market, and we look to continue to grow share at about 1 point per year in this segment. Our memory test story is equally compelling where due to the more concentrated nature of this segment, we target annual share gains in the order of the 3 to 5 points per year. Last year, we picked up 10 points to move our share to about 26%. And this year, we will add another 3 to 5 points of share, as our products design focus on testing the higher bus speeds of new NAND Flash and DRAMs is paying off. This year, our Wireless Test business has gained market share and scored significant design wins in cellular and NFC testing. Despite this, revenue will be down year-over-year as market compression continues and the ramp of LTE handsets in China is slower than expected. However, we are optimistic that 2015 will return to growth, and we're well-positioned to benefit, as we've continued to earn cellular design wins through the year. We now count 8 of the top 10 smartphone manufacturers in cellular test as customers. And we've just -- and we are just at the beginning of the NFC test growth curve as well. While the cellular wins are important, they are all multisource situations where volume is likely to be split amongst several suppliers. On the other hand, our NFC radiated tester is a groundbreaking product with a leading position in this developing segment. Our System Test business will see about a 6% growth this year in revenue and solid profitability. This is due to strong customer pull for our newly introduced Multi-Site In-line board tester and an increase in our storage test business. Storage test is an encouraging story, as we have swung from 8 quarters of losses to a forecasted profit in the second half of 2014. Adapting our product for 3.5-inch drive Cloud Storage applications and SSD testing has driven the turnaround. As we enter 2015, we are optimistic that these 2 growth segments in storage test will drive further sequential revenue and profit growth. I'd now like to shift to the topic of our growth over the next few years at Teradyne. The 2 components of this are core markets earnings growth and accretive M&A in adjacent markets. In our core SOC business, we see favorable trends in capital intensity that should reverse the gradual market decline we've seen for the past decade. As you know, over the past 10 years, the SOC test market has compressed from about a $3 billion annual run rate to about $2.2 billion today. This negative 3% compound annual growth rate market shrink has been offset in Teradyne's case by market share gains and improvements in our financial model. The encouraging news is that we now see signs of this market compression trend reversing in SemiTest. Let me break this down and explain this in terms of the market dynamics. Over a 10-year period, the average annual increase in SOC device unit volume of about 8% combined with increasing design complexity and test time would normally drive test market sizes higher each year. However, offsetting this trend has been increased tester efficiency. Although there are many factors at play, this efficiency increase comes from 2 primary sources. First, roughly every 3 to 4 years, new instrumentation is introduced into the market using the latest semiconductor technology. This Moore's law effect alone produces about a 30% reduction in tester capital cost per device test insertion. It doesn't happen all at once, as it takes many years for new instruments to filter into the market, and they typically are used for new devices while legacy devices stay tooled on legacy testers, but the efficiency improvement is there. In addition, on roughly the same 3 to 4-year cadence, parallelism of the Test Cell has also doubled. Thus, over the past 10 years, the combination of new instrument cost reduction and increased parallelism has more than offset the 8% unit growth CAGR and the increasing test complexity. The net effect has been a 3% annual reduction in the SOC tester TAM cited earlier. However, while the new instrument cost efficiency should continue apace for the rest of the decade, the efficiency impact of increased parallelism for many devices is reaching the point of diminishing returns. Each successive doubling of parallelism yields a smaller cost improvement and a diminishing impact on the tester market. In our view, the net impact of this diminishing return, assuming device unit growth remains in the 8% range, turns the 3% historic annual SOC market shrink into about a 3% to 5% annual market growth. What will this mean for Teradyne, a 5% growth in a nominal $2.2 billion market today will add about $55 million of annual revenue and $0.10 of EPS per year. Combine that with our target of 1% annual share gains adding another $0.02 to $0.03, and we have an attractive earnings engine in semi-SOC test. And although we do not project the memory test market to grow, moving from our 30% share to 40% share over the next 3 to 4 years could add another $0.07 of EPS. Of course, quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year growth will continue to vary based on short-term market dynamics. Still, we consider the long-term market trends to be favorable towards growth in the SOC test segment. Now, let me turn to Wireless Test. In this market, we've seen the rapid market expansion of 2011 and 2012 mirrored by a rapid market compression over the past 2 years. Post the growth years of 2011 and 2012, test equipment makers shifted focus to efficiency and optimization by introducing lower cost testers with higher throughput. With tester product design cycles in this segment running under 1 year, these improvements have been rapidly engineered and brought to market to help customers offset the growth in unit cost, unit volume and text complexity. At the same time, customers have optimized test flows based on yield learnings from the initial ramp in 2011 and 2012, resulting in additional efficiency. Although the upswings and downswings have been dramatic, we see the market has stabilized, as these improvements have been widely adopted at this point. This segment has proven difficult to model, but we believe that compression has run its course, and we expect modest market growth in 2015. In addition to these core markets, we are committed to grow into adjacent markets through M&A. Clear EPS accretion is required for any acquisition, and we remain patient for the right value proposition to materialize. As we continue to generate cash, there will be ample opportunity in the coming years for both M&A and returning capital to our shareholders. Let me now turn it over to Greg to give you more details on the numbers.
Gregory R. Beecher: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with the key highlights of 2014 today, and then cover the third quarter details and fourth quarter outlook. I'll then describe how we're thinking about next year and close with a few comments on capital allocation. This year is on track to be over $1.6 billion in revenue with a 19% operating profit rate and about $235 million of free cash flow, which is after putting in place about $75 million of UltraFLEX leases and contributing $30 million to fully fund our U.S. pension plan. 2014 is solidly on track to be the fifth consecutive year of operating above the industry target profit rate of 15%. This consistent string of good financial performance stems not only from our optimized operating model, which we've outlined in prior calls, but also from seeing where the hockey puck is going. This is both in targeting the segments that offer the greatest growth, such as mobility and IoT markets, and carefully teasing out the future product features that our customers value the most. This critical product planning capability comes from having our lights well out in front with the leading device players. Moving to the details of our third quarter. Our sales were $478 million, the non-GAAP operating profit rate was 24%, and non-GAAP EPS was $0.44. We had no 10% customer in the quarter. Non-GAAP gross margins were 55%. You'll see our non-GAAP operating expenses were down $6 million to $145 million compared to the second quarter due to lower variable compensation accruals and certain onetime G&A credits. Moving to the segment level detail. SemiTest orders were $203 million. The sequential decline was in line with familiar consumer seasonal patterns and the strong first half pull in. Our SOC test product orders were $141 million, and memory test product orders were $25 million. SemiTest service orders were $37 million. SemiTest revenue was $380 million, which included $290 million of SOC product, $58 million of service and $32 million of memory product. We expect to gain share in SOC test again this year, led by very strong apps processor demand. This will be a record year for UltraFLEX shipments. Our operations team has already delivered more UltraFLEXes onto customer factory floors year-to-date than during any other full-year period, and this has all been done with compressed lead times. This type of deliberate performance is just one example of why in 2014 we received the highest score ever awarded to an equipment provider in VLSIresearch Customer Survey. As Mark noted, the growth -- the story of memory test is similar, as we're growing in a flat market led by our strength in low-powered DRAM and Flash test. Before leaving SemiTest, I'd like to say a few words about UltraFLEX leases, as this has been an area of investor interest over the past few months. First, to put in some perspective, in a normal year, we invest about $10 million of our equipment into lease-type arrangements with customers. In 2014, however, we are on course to invest about $75 million, of which 1 customer accounts for 95% of this. All of these leased systems have been delivered. After 1 year at this large customer, these leases can be canceled with 2 months' notice. We can't currently predict whether some or all of these leases will be continued post the initial period, bought out at fair value or canceled and returned. It's important to note that these UltraFLEX configurations have a long life with broad market acceptance, so we can redeploy these testers if needed. If returned, we'd get a very good lift in cash flows when we redeploy the testers, as we've already invested cash in this product. Going forward, we don't expect our leasing investments to grow, as financing terms from leasing companies are typically more favorable to customers as they have a lower cost of capital. The leasing program with this large customer inflated our total capital additions in 2014 to $146 million to-date. In 2015, we expect our gross CapEx to fall back to be between $90 million and $100 million. Shifting to Wireless Test. We've booked $42 million and shipped $55 million in the third quarter. Our market share momentum continues, as we add share in cellular and NFC to our solid connectivity base. We continue to be the wireless innovator, whether the first one with one-box testing, non-signal testing, multi-DUT testing, and now, the first radiated NFC tester for manufacturing. This innovative wireless DNA continues to gain us favor with leading customers both in initial design wins and market share. Moving to System Test. Orders were $28 million in the quarter and shipments were $43 million. In defense and aerospace, we're on the winning team for the recently announced next generation U.S. Army test system. And in production board test, we've secured multiple new wins with our in-line test station, which is well suited for automotive, industrial and mobile product applications. Shifting now to the fourth quarter. Sales are expected to be between $305 million and $330 million, and the non-GAAP EPS range is $0.08 to $0.14 on 218 million diluted shares. Q4 guidance excludes the pension mark-to-market charge, amortization of acquired intangibles and the related tax impact. Our GAAP EPS range is a loss of $0.11 to $0.16, which includes a fourth quarter pension charge of about $50 million due to the adoption of new actuarial tables that contain revised mortality assumptions. Of this $50 million, we will contribute $30 million to our U.S. qualified plan in the fourth quarter, which is off our balance sheet. The remaining $20 million is for nonqualified and foreign plans and increases our long-term retirement liabilities on our balance sheet from about $90 million to about $110 million. These payments will be funded with our long-term marketable securities. The operating profit rate at the midpoint of our fourth quarter guidance is about 9%, and we expect cash and marketable securities to increase by $50 million in the fourth quarter, leaving us with a year-end balance of $1.230 billion. We've provided some other details, to assist you in your modeling, in the slides, which I won't cover in my remarks. Now regarding our 2015 market outlook. VLSIresearch currently forecasts next year's semiconductor unit growth at a healthy 8%. Balanced on that, we expect lower spending in applications processor test after a very strong 2014. So since it's too early to call the market size for next year, we'll keep our operations model primed to respond to whatever the market throws our way. As Mark mentioned, we also expect to see a gradual slowing of parallel test as physical and economic constraints are reached on multiple fronts. This will play out over a few years or more, but should lessen some of the productivity forces that have dampened the test market size. Our operating model for 2015 is largely unchanged from 2014, other than a higher expected tax rate of about 25%. This assumes the reinstatement of the R&D tax credit. If it is not reenacted, our tax rate will be a couple of points higher. Moving to capital allocation. We expect to end the year with gross cash and marketable securities of $1,230 million. This is up $30 million for the year after paying off the $190 million convert, adding $75 million of product leases, contributing $30 million to fully fund our U.S. pension plan, as noted earlier, and distributing $38 million or 3 quarters of expected dividend payments. Of this total balance, about $500 million of our cash is offshore, an increase of $160 million from last year, with a $130 million decrease in the U.S. cash. Given our sales mix this year, about 70% of our free cash flow was offshore, which is also why our tax rate is running at 18% for 2014. Of our total expected U.S. cash flow this year, our annualized dividend is tracking to about 40% of this amount. This U.S. cash flow includes our U.S. free cash flow and cash received from our employee stock purchase plan. So by this very short-term measure, we have upped our capital return significantly in 2014. As we look increasingly at 2015, we'll continue to evaluate the best use for our cash and marketable securities, whether for highly selective M&A or returning more capital to shareholders. 2014 is shaping up as another year of solid financial performance, good market share momentum, and also the year that we started our first-ever dividend. We look forward to next year and continuing to outperform the industry. With that, I'll turn the call back to Andy.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Thanks, Greg. Natalia, we'd now like to take some questions. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] You have a question from the line of John Pitzer with Crédit Suisse.
Farhan Ahmad: This is Farhan asking a question on behalf of John. My first question is in regards to the secular market trend that you've highlighted where you expect the test market to reverse from a decline to growth going forward. My key question on that is that in regards to the test complexity that you mentioned, that there's a 8% increase per year, and you said in your expectations that in order for the annual growth to -- for the test market to grow at 3% to 5%, one of the key assumptions you had was the test complexity continues to grow at the same rate. However, we are seeing that the transistor cost are not declining any more at the same rate, and companies are being much more reluctant to add transistors and goes straight [ph] into the silicon in order to manage the cost. So don't you think there is a structural headwind in the increase of test complexity going forward as well?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. Thanks for the question. I think test complexity, transistor count isn't the only proxy for test complexity. In a lot of devices, test complexity grows through functional complexity that doesn't scale directly with transistor. So different modes, for example, in a RF SOC device for lots of LTE Advanced would be 1 example of an increasing complexity, could be a tripling or a quadrupling of complexity in that device, but it doesn't necessarily mean a quadrupling or a tripling of complexity of transistors. So for a lot of mixed signal and analog devices, I don't think there's a correlation. On the digital front, there is more of a correlation, but, in fact, if you look at the proliferation of transistors in apps processors, it's been on a tremendous curve that's exceeded the rate of proliferation even in conventional MPUs in the past 5 years. And I think that trend in terms of marketplace proliferation will continue for the rest of the decade. What happens beyond the end of the decade with limitations and scaling down below 10 nanometers or 7 nanometers, I think, is a reasonable question. But in all likelihood, in that case, what will happen is stack dies or multi die packages will become the proxy for increasing transistor complexity and still drive test intensity.
Farhan Ahmad: And if you could just provide some color on what you expect in terms of shipments by segment for the fourth quarter?
Mark E. Jagiela: We don't typically guide shipments for the fourth quarter. SemiTest will clearly be the strongest segment. So I'll leave it at that.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Timothy Arcuri with Cowen and Company.
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Couple of things. I guess sort of a follow-up on that last question. So of the 2 factors that have been weighing on the size of the -- or the way that which the SOC test market could grow and actually shrank over time. Is the factor that, that is lifting the -- is that related to Moore's law, and is the parallelism factors still in effect?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, actually, Tim, the Moore's law effect, I think, will continue through the rest of the decade. And that, as I mentioned, gives us about a 30% reduction in, let's say, CapEx per test site every 3 to 4 years, and I don't think that will change for the rest of this decade. The parallelism on the other hand is the area where there is diminishing returns. And a combination of the next step in parallelism having a smaller impact on our market and a bit of a slowing down of that effect is the thing that's ameliorating. And when you put the 2 together, by far the biggest impact of the 2 has been the Moore's law effect, but the mere reduction in the parallelism effect takes that 3% negative CAGR to something on the order of a 3% to 5% growth.
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, awesome. 2 more quick things. First of all, certainly, the size of the SOC market this year was boosted by those leases that you've been talking about, but can you give -- sort of, give us some idea of what you think that your SOC test sales will do next year. It, sort of, seems like they are going to be flat, plus or minus, but I just wanted your view there. And then lastly, I wanted your view on the competitive environment in Wireless Test, because given the size that the market is now, it's shrunk down to $600 million, pretty -- it's a pretty small market to have 5 big companies rodeo [ph] and Keysight and you and everyone else chasing after. So I guess, what's going to change the highly competitive pricing environment in Wireless Test to, sort of, get that market to, again, start to growth.
Gregory R. Beecher: I'll take the first part, and I'll give the wireless to you, Mark. Tim, the leases themselves didn't really escalate the market size of our business, because those are rentals, it gets monthly rentals. They are operative leases. So that didn't have a significant impact on our results. But we, certainly, benefit from total applications processor demand, which -- there were are many testers that were sold for that. So I hope that clarifies what you're getting at.
Mark E. Jagiela: And then on the wireless question, you're right. I think, certainly, with the market in the $600 million, $700 million range, having 5 large suppliers is too much supply into that market. So there will be a period of shakeout and digestion here. So what we look for in that is are we securing higher rates of adoption than our competitors, so that when it does sort out, we emerge as the dominant supplier of whatever is left standing. And that's the progress we've been making. A year ago, in 2013, we ended the year with essentially our first major designing for LTE cellular testing. And we sit here today going into the fourth quarter with 8 of the top 10 smartphone manufacturers having adopted the LitePoint cellular platform. So we're making progress. It will be a couple of years to sort out, there's is no doubt in my mind. But if we have the most innovative products and demonstration of that is increasing market share, then we believe we'll emerge at the end of that as one of the major players.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of C.J. Muse with ISI Group.
Christopher J. Muse - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I guess, first question, intrigued on your comments regarding the SOC test by rate. And here, I would to love to hear your thoughts on where you expect that inflection to happen first, what we should be looking at for evidence to point that, that will happen? And if you think about the implications over the next 2, 3, 4 years, what could that mean for what the size of the SOC test market could look like?
Mark E. Jagiela: Sure. It's a good point that various segments inside SOC test will reach this diminishing returns point and parallel test at different rate. So certainly, in the what I would call complex analog SOC device case, those might be things like RF transceivers and power management. Those kinds of devices, I think, are at that point. Applications processors, very high content digital, are also reaching that point. On the other hand, if you look at things such as automotive power, electronics, I don't believe they've reached that point yet. They are still probably several years to go before there is that diminishing return curve. But if you jump it way up, roughly, I would say half to 2/3 of the market is in a phase of diminishing returns. And what I said in the remarks is that if you then work that out for the rest of the decade, we see a 3% to 5% growth. So a negative 3% shrink moving to a 3% to 5% growth. On a $2.2 billion market, that's roughly an extra $100 million a year of market growth on average. And if Teradyne is at 50% market share, that's about $50 million, $55 million of incremental revenue to us. And given the drop through on that business, it translates to about $0.10 per share of earnings on an annual basis. Now, of course, any given year, if you've been around the industry, you know the swings in the market size are quite dramatic. So both on the compression side and from here on out the growth side, these are trend lines that, I think, are averages. And what happens in 1 year versus the next, I bet, will still be noisy.
Christopher J. Muse - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: It's very helpful. I guess as my follow-up, as you stay here today and look at 2015, curious across your adjacent businesses, the LitePoint, HDD, SSD, other system test, where do you see the best opportunity for growth?
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, for 2015, it's tough sitting here today to get a good read on that, but I'll give a little bit of color. Certainly, we think that the storage test area will be an opportunity for a turnaround in growth. The repositioning we've done for solid-state drive testing and cloud based testing has both resulted in order volume in the second half of the year to get us back to profit. We do see that momentum picking up in terms of orders as we get towards the end of the year and into next year. So that's one area that'll be incrementally positive. I think production board test will be positive. I think the LitePoint business will also be positive. So the real thing that's hard to read right now is SemiTest, because what we said earlier is we had abnormally large tooling year in 2014 around applications processors. We don't expect -- it's possible, but we don't expect that, that in and of itself will repeat next year. On the other hand, there are certain segments this year that were uncharacteristically weak that are strengthening. An example of that might be the area of image sensor testing. Image sensors show up, of course, in handsets, but they also show up in automotive and other applications. We see that picking up dramatically next year. We see automotive, which was strong all year, continuing to build strength. So it could very well be that the emergence of those relatively quiet markets will offset what we expect to be a decline in apps processors. And the one thing that could turn on apps processors for us, that could make it a much larger year next year would be if the market penetration of the premium smartphones in China is high. If the places where our SemiTest business is strong around apps processors finds high penetration in China, that could be an upside.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James V. Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I appreciate the strategic commentary around the business very much. It was very helpful this quarter. In terms of the comment from Mark about there was a record level of testers shipped in the middle of the year, but the good news being that those testers are all running at full utilization rates. So I wonder if we can get a little bit more color on that comment, in particular around given the seasonal element to the business, what would those full utilization rates of those testers translate into in terms of orders, timing wise, as we go to 2015. Is that something we could expect reorders on in the early part of 2015? Or just given the seasonality of the business, would that be a little later?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, I think, one of the things that's a bit unique, actually, just to extend that is, yes, they're highly utilized right now, and uncharacteristically, we will see some additional capacity bought here in our fourth quarter for that kind of segment, which traditionally in the fourth quarter we would not see. So there is actually some momentum carrying forward here into fourth. But I really have to believe that like prior years, the production ramp will slow down a bit in Q1. There won't be additional capacity in Q1, as there hasn't been in past years, and that the next phase, when it emerges, would be more toward the May, June timeframe.
James V. Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Very helpful there. And then, in terms of capital allocation commentary, that was very helpful as well. And I guess, if I could paraphrase, I just want to make sure I was understanding the message as clearly as possible, it sounded like part of the message was, listen, there is a lot of cash there, but there was kind of a lot of one-off uses for that cash in 2014. There may not be as many one-off uses of that cash in 2015, therefore, we could see more capital allocation going back to shareholders. Is that a fair characterization of what you guys were trying to communicate?
Gregory R. Beecher: I think that's close, Jim. But the capital return discussions continue each quarter, and it's directly tied to what's in our M&A pipeline. And we've a very good and active pipeline. So it's looking at that, how executable do we think that is relative to we see some good opportunities to return capital. So we want to change it to, we can do both versus it's an either or. So that's where we're going to try to focus on in 2015.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Maybe another question on your mid to longer-term view. I'm kind of curious, what the IoT, Internet of Things, impact is. We assume a lot of the growth comes from very low cost chips. What does that do to your competitive advantage, and maybe the margin structure over the next couple of years?
Gregory R. Beecher: This is Greg. On the IoT, this would help both Semi and LitePoint. We've got products that are designed for some of the sweet spots. We have very good strength in microcontroller, which is the, sort of, a hub for some of these applications. We're very strong in any of the wireless standards. So we're approaching it both on the SemiTest and the Wireless side. At the Wireless side, we have some unique advantages that our products are easier to use. And in this segment, there'll be many more competitors who don't have a deep engineering capabilities. So they need a very simple, easy-to-use solution. So I think LitePoint has some opportunities there as well. It is hard, having said all that, what does it mean in numbers couple of years down the road, but we do believe we're well positioned to benefit quite nicely from, kind of, whoever there, we're going to be the solution behind the scenes that helps that takeoff.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: So you think from a competitive point of view, your products are -- the competition is not closer to where you are on low-cost chips.
Gregory R. Beecher: Correct. We're very strong with microcontroller and wireless. So I think we have a huge advantage in the semi side there.
Mark E. Jagiela: I'd say on the semi side, for example, one of the lowest cost communications standards out there is Bluetooth. And Bluetooth has been a sweet spot of our whole Wireless Test side of SemiTest. It's certainly a less complex standard than something like an RF, LTE or a WiFi Combo chip. So the test intensity for what will emerge in the Internet of Things around Bluetooth will be lower. On the other hand, when you look at things like machine-to-machine communication in industrial environments, which will more likely be over WiFi or more smart utility applications that will be over LTE Advanced, that will fuel the same level of complexity and technology that you see in smartphones in those applications and that will be a benefit.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. Now, that's good to hear. And then, I guess, moving over to the Wireless side, you said you had 8 of the top 10 as customers. Do these customers typically dual source or tri-source these sets? Or once you're in, do you expect a big slug of business?
Mark E. Jagiela: They dual source invariably. They usually have 3 vendors, and they'll pick 2. And as we're the new guy and we tend to be the innovator, they choose us because they see we can deliver much more than they would otherwise get. But they start us off with the small amount of the purchase, whether that's 10% or some number like that. So we get the low running product. The incumbent gets the bigger running product, but we would expect over a number of couple of years, we could move up our share. So the key thing strategically for us this year at LitePoint was to get into these LTE Asian accounts, and we've secured 8 of them this year. So it was a very good year for us. But the business starts slow, but I think in a couple of years or a year, we should be in much better shape.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just to clarify, Mark, did you say that the SOC market would grow 3% to 5% next year? And then, I had a follow up.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, I didn't try to project next year. What did I say is if, I believe, that you go off of a nominal market size of about $2.2 billion, that between now and the end of the decade when we're done, if you run a compound annual growth rate through that, it will be in that 3% to 5% range. So we are going to over time see that sort of trend line. Just like on the downside, it hasn't been a year-over-year, some years are up and down dramatically, 20%, 25% year-over-year, but the trend line has been unfortunately negative. I expect to see that reverse for the next 5 or 6 years.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. So just to follow up on that. Do you have a view for the SOC market for NexGen? Then, I had a follow-up on LitePoint.
Gregory R. Beecher: I think we said in the prepared remarks that we weren't ready quite to do that. We, certainly, will comment next quarter a little bit more about that.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And then, just a follow-up on the LitePoint side. I think people understand the competition and the productivity and pricing challenges. I'm just kind of curious if, given the fundamental issues with market share shrink over the last 2 to 3 years, the fact is that LitePoint as a product is really not differentiated anymore? Or is there unique IP to it that competition can catch up to it? Or do you think that you still have some secret sauce out there that can help you drive growth in that market?
Mark E. Jagiela: We're very confident that we have secret sauce, and that's a new application, NFC, we do the radiated testing. Because we work with a key customer, with their engineers and develop a solution that works for their needs. We have other -- I think I said in last call, we've other tricks up our sleeve, but we don't announce them publicly. But there is other things we can do that are on our roadmap, that we see will help our customers. What happens, unfortunately though as we do that, the customers says to the competitors, do what LitePoint does. So they're constantly chasing us, but we tend to be 6 months, 9 months ahead. These are very fast product cycles, but we expect we'll continue to be ahead. We are clearly the production optimized, easy-to-use, out-of-the-box leader. So I do think on the production side -- not the R&D side. So a lot of our competitors are much stronger on the R&D preproduction side. They're going to win over there. We're not really chasing that. But on the production side, I do believe that's where our DNA is and our innovation, and we've got more we can unleash.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chad Dillard with Deutsche Bank.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I just wanted to dig a little bit further into the NFC product that you're talking about. Is it a standalone application or is it integrated within the cellular test product? And how big of a market opportunity is it? And where do you see your share there?
Mark E. Jagiela: So it's not integrated into a cellar product. It's a standalone product, which in terms of again optimizing efficiency for that new test insertion is the best economic way to go about testing NFC. Right now, it's somewhat of an emerging communication connectivity standard in handsets. As it becomes more mission critical, we expect that the market for that will grow. And today, this year being, I would say, a -- we launched the product in January this year at Mobile World Congress. And when we look at the tail of the tape at the end of the year, we'll probably end up in the 40% to 50% share of NFC test this year.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And moving to SOC test, what is your order visibility right now? I mean, how much of 4Q is booked so far, and how is it compared to this time last year?
Gregory R. Beecher: The fourth quarter looks very solid. We have some, as Mark mentioned earlier, we've some business in the fourth quarter that we don't typically get this late in a consumer cycle. So it's a good quarter. Some customers are still pulling quite hard. So we have good visibility, and we expect it to be one of our better fourth quarters. But just in general, when we go into a quarter, as I mentioned, fourth quarter to second quarter can be a 2 to 1 swing in product shipments. So it's quite volatile, but in any given quarter we go in, we're probably, roughly speaking, 1/2 to 2/3 booked and the rest is turns, even at those peak quarters. And that going into fourth quarter is not that different.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David Duley with Steelhead.
David Duley: Just a quick clarification. Do you expect your SOC test business to show the normal seasonality that it has over the last few years with, I think, orders being up in December and then revenue being up in March?
Gregory R. Beecher: It's hard to say that right now, but that's the normal seasonal pattern. The only thing that may be a little bit different is fourth quarter is stronger for SemiTest now. So does that has some impact on Q1, we don't know. But some of the business we're seeing in the fourth quarter is above what you normally expect. And we've seen this year some business pulled in and that can affect the subsequent quarters. But it's hard to give you a definitive response on that. We tend to find the seasonal history has a way of repeating itself at different levels, but it tends to repeat itself.
David Duley: Okay. And you mentioned somewhere in your prepared comments that you might be seeing a delay in the ramp up of Chinese handsets. Could you talk about what you are seeing there, little bit more color around that commentary? I guess I would have expect LitePoint business to show less seasonality in Q4 or maybe even grow given just rapid shipments of handsets from your biggest customer, and then a bunch of the other Asian guys ramping up.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. Well, I think at the beginning of the year, there was a lot of optimism and some actual forecast that perhaps China LTE shipments could be in excess of 100 million units for the year. As the year has played out, it certainly is beginning to pick up now, there is no doubt. Maybe getting up to a run rate of in excess of 10 million units a month. But as Greg mentioned, the design-ins that we've secured have given us some participation in that ramp that's starting now. But we are still the new comer and getting the smaller portion of that ramp. So as the tooling cycles go on, we believe what happens is we prove out the efficiency claims we've made for the ramps here in Q4 as a minority player and then build share and penetration throughout next year.
David Duley: Okay. And just one final clarification. You've essentially talked about the buy rate in SOC going up. What was the most -- what do you think the buy rate is in 2014? And over this 10-year period, what do you think the buy rate goes to?
Gregory R. Beecher: I think, let's say, I haven't done the math on the buy rate over the 10 year period. Looking forward in 2014, it's certainly up. It may be up 1/10 of a point or so. But I would expect that to slowly move up over time. The more thing -- the thing we look at more carefully, buy rate, is the correlation to unit volume growth. So the unit volume growth is what really drives our business. The buy rate as a function of semiconductor revenue is less correlated, it turns out, to our business.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Patrick Ho with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: As it relates to given Wireless Test business, given the competitive nature that you've seen probably over the last 2 years, have you seen any changes to your operating model for that business segment? And what, I guess, the potential impacts going forward, particularly as we head into 2015?
Mark E. Jagiela: We haven't seen a meaningful change to our operating model. We're still doing quite well percentage wise, but the dollars are far less. So we have a competitive cost structure, very competitive COGS, and our products because they're designed for the product at hand. They are not general-purpose tester or some tester that was started in R&D and then moved to manufacturing. So at one level, the model looks good, but compared to what it could look like if we got some greater growth, then it would be outstanding. So it's a healthy business now with good percentages, and we've expanded the footprint to get into Asia. So that's all built out. We're not hiring there anymore. And now, it's about expanding out these accounts that we've broken out, which is a couple year process.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Great. And maybe my follow-up question, again, on the Wireless Test side of things. The China LTE ramp that you mentioned has been slow to ramp. One, how do you see that shaping up in 2015? And secondly, what other type of market drivers do you see overall as you head into next year?
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, I think, it's hard for us to predict which supplier will benefit most from the ramp in China, which is why we've had a pretty broad initiative to get installed as broadly as possible. So 8 out of 10 is really trying to get that footprint to be agnostic to who wins. But we're not indifferent, certain suppliers, if they ramp faster than others, would benefit us. So -- but again, that's something out of our control. The other thing that's happening is the LTE standards in China are something that will roll into a couple hundred million unit annual volume next year is our belief. That's a benefit to the industry and to us. Outside of China, the move to advanced Carrier Aggregation and LTE Advanced standards is another follow [ph] in terms of test complexity coming into the equation. So earlier when I commented that we think a lot of the optimization, which has been severe and very rapid, has run its course, it's sort of looking at those 2 trends, a big jump in China LTE and complex Carrier Aggregation LTE Advanced standards proliferating in the U.S. and elsewhere.
Operator: There are no further questions.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Great. Well, let's wrap this up. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today, and we look forward to talking to you in the days ahead.
Mark E. Jagiela: Thank you.
Gregory R. Beecher: Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew J. Blanchard - Vice President of Corporate Relations Mark E. Jagiela - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and President of Semiconductor Test Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: James V. Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Farhan Ahmad Christopher J. Muse - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Jairam Nathan - Sidoti & Company, LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kevin, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Teradyne Q2 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Andrew Blanchard, you may begin your conference.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our CEO, Mark Jagiela; and our CFO, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for the second quarter as well as our outlook for the third quarter of this year. The press release containing our second quarter results was issued last evening. Copies are available at teradyne.com, where this call is also being simulcast. We're providing slides on the Investor page of the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion. Those slides can be downloaded or you can follow along live. If you don't see the download icon, simply refresh the page. In addition, replays of this call will be available via the same page about 24 hours after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release as well as our most recent SEC filings for a complete description. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we'll make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We have posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, were available on the Investor page. Also, between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne will be participating in investor conferences hosted by Pacific Crest, Citi and Deutsche Bank. Now let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, Mark will comment on the second quarter and the general market environment as we enter the third quarter. Greg will then offer more details on our quarterly financial results, along with our guidance for the third quarter. We'll then answer your questions, and you should note that we intend to end this call after 1 hour. Mark?
Mark E. Jagiela: Thanks, Andy, and good morning, everyone. The second quarter caps off a very good first half for Teradyne. Our core SOC market is on track to grow more than 20% for the full year. Our R&D engine is running very well, with 11 product introductions across the company year-to-date. The operating model has proven its ability to respond to rapid growth. And with the payment of our first quarterly dividend in June, we've begun a regular return of capital to shareholders. Our second quarter results highlight our strong position in mobility tests and the ability of our manufacturing model to respond to close-in surge of demand. Semiconductor Test and overall company orders came in at the highest level since the first quarter of 2000. Both sales and earnings were above the high end of our guidance as customers pulled in deliveries from 3Q into 2Q. The flexibility we've built into our manufacturing model is designed to respond to this type of in-quarter swing and gives us further competitive advantage in the dynamic world of mobility tests. In SOC tests, orders for testing applications processors, RF and power management ICs led the way. Increases in both unit volume and device complexity are driving tester demand. On the complexity front, the growth of specialty functions inside applications processors are resulting in increasing pin counts and test times. With LTE Advanced and the deployment of MIMO versions of 802.11ac, RF devices are increasing in the diversity of frequency bands and in total bandwidth. This also increases test intensity due to the need to verify more device ports and operating modes. Power management IC complexity is evolving most rapidly, with increased intelligence built in and more precision ports to better manage and extend battery life, even with the increasing silicon content in our phones. All these trends have contributed to the all-time record quarterly orders and unit shipments of our UltraFLEX tester in the second quarter. Since the platform's inception, we've been targeting our UltraFLEX R&D investments to anticipate and capitalize on these trends. Just this month, we have announced 3 new product enhancements to the UltraFLEX to further our advantages. One is a suite of software tools called Oasis that helps speed our customers' time to market for new silicon. This is an increasingly important criterion for mobility customers in selecting new test platforms. Our customers' short product cycles, steepening ramps and zero-defect requirements are placing new demands on their test development. Test program development is now a 24-hour operation at many mobility customers, with teams in multiple geographies working in parallel. Ensuring efficient integration of these teams by utilizing proven code libraries, change control audit tools and automated hazard identification is the value that Oasis brings. We also introduced our next-generation RF subsystem for the UltraFLEX, called the UltraFLEX UltraWave 24. Targeted at Carrier Aggregation, LTE Advanced, 802.11ac MIMO and multi-standard devices with higher port counts, this upgrade extends our leadership in the RF testing of silicon. Finally, we announced enhancements to our core UltraFLEX digital and power instruments to improve the accuracy and, thus, yields in today's and tomorrow's low-voltage processes. As I mentioned last call, microcontrollers are also showing strong test demand, as total microcontroller device shipments are expected to exceed 21 billion units in 2014. That's up over 11%, according to Gartner. Part of this growth comes from new applications in consumer mobility devices. Sensor management hubs and new device capabilities like embedded wireless communication provide new markets for microcontrollers. The increased complexity of these controllers also drives up the test intensity of the chip. Our J750 is well positioned for this growth, and we saw strong demand in the second quarter, with unit orders and shipments both up over 20% from the first quarter. And in memory test, we recently introduced our newest memory tester, the Magnum V. At over 20,000 pins and 1.6 gigabit operating speeds, this tester covers all current and emerging forms of Flash memory. The Magnum family, along with our UltraFLEX high-speed memory tester for DRAMs, drove memory bookings to a new record high in the quarter. This was driven by strength in both DRAM and Flash final test. I should note that Magnum testers are now used by 4 of the top Flash manufacturers and continues to earn design wins with its unique ability to test the high-speed interfaces found in Flash devices for SSD applications. At the halfway mark in 2014, we see the SOC ATE market towards the high end of our $2.1 billion to $2.4 billion range, likely about $2.3 billion, and the memory test market in the $450 million to $500 million range. After major share gains last year of about 7 points in SOC tests to 48% and 10 points in memory test to 26%, our goal in 2014 is to hold the SOC gains as the market expands and pick up a few more points of share in memory test. Turning to Wireless Test at LitePoint. We made solid progress in the LTE production design wins by adding 5 new customers in the quarter for IQ extreme cellular tester. As noted last quarter, the build-out of LTE handsets for the China market has progressed slowly in the first half of the year. While that has muted the market for capacity adds, it has given us the time to get qualified for cellular tests at several major accounts. We still expect the build-out of 4G handsets in China to pick up speed in late 2014, into early 2015. We still see the Wireless Test market in 2014 in the $700 million plus or minus $100 million range, and we are still on track to pick up a few points of share in this market as well. In Systems Test, we continue to add new customers for our Multi-Site Inline TestStation board tester, as 4 more manufacturers selected the product after initial wins in first quarter. On the defense and aerospace side, business was driven by upgrades for existing DOD programs and new subsystem orders. In storage test, while the hard disk drive market remains quiet, we have made progress in the SSD test market with 2 new design wins. This has resulted in our highest level of storage test bookings in 5 quarters and sets us up for a return to profitability in this segment for the second half of 2014. As we've noted in past calls, acquisitions and organic initiatives, combined with a disciplined financial model, have been the recipe for transforming Teradyne. While we've seen very nice earnings and revenue growth on the strength of market and share expansion so far this year, we also continue to work the M&A side of the equation. We have a healthy pipeline of opportunities to grow the company and see near-adjacency acquisitions as an important part of our overall growth strategy. At the same time, we will continue to assess our cash position and investment prospects to best optimize the long-term return to shareholders. So in summary, our product position in key growth segments continues to strengthen, and our share gains from 2013 are holding or trending upward. As is typical with the annual cycle in mobility, we expect the SemiTest market to soften in the second half of the year. On the other hand, as we saw in the second quarter, our manufacturing capability is positioned to respond to potential upside. Let me now turn it over to Greg to provide details on 2Q results, as well as guidance and perspectives on our current quarter. Greg?
Gregory R. Beecher: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with some brief comments on how the year is shaping up, our capital allocation principles, and then I'll cover the second quarter details and third quarter outlook. At the halfway point, we've logged about $1.1 billion of bookings, one of our best first half starts ever and over 20% greater than last year. We don't see any speculative buying with today's short lead times and stricter capital buying practices. On the sales front, first half sales of $847 million are up $137 million or 19% from last year's first half start. SOC test is driving this increase with sales of $604 million, up $153 million from last year's first half start. As Mark noted, mobility applications and broad microcontroller demands are driving much of the SOC test strength. This year, we expect the SOC test market to return to a more normalized level of about $2.3 billion. Regardless, though, of the market size in any one year, we expect to remain on our long-term share gain trend line. As we've noted in past calls, there are numerous factors pulling test intensity up, primarily related to device size and complexity. Balancing that upward pull are tester productivity improvements, most significantly parallel test economics. I note this because, for some device types, the drive to greater parallelism is abating as customers reach an economic sweet spot in site count versus cost of test per device. It's not a broad trend yet, but we continue to watch this closely, and we'll keep you updated. In SemiTest, we're also pleased to have been recognized as the top semiconductor supplier in the recent VLSI customer survey, scoring the highest test supplier grades in the survey's history. Shifting to Wireless Test. The natural question is, why aren't we seeing greater demand given what we're seeing in SOC test and some of the industry forecast for 4G cell phone growth in emerging markets? Let me tell you how we're thinking about this question. First, the ramp of 4G handsets in China is slower than earlier expected. Second, there is also some excess test capacity left over from last year's sizable buying that is being absorbed this year. And lastly, after 2 strong wireless buying years, the cost of tests and productivity gains have edged out the unit growth and device complexity drivers this year. These 2 parallel forces exist and constantly ebb and flow in test markets. Despite the favorable long-term wireless device trends, we expect the immaturity of the Wireless Test market will yield greater to greater year-to-year market size uncertainty for the next few years. As you've seen, our operating model is able to handle this volatility quite well. For us, though, the focus is to secure a series of key design wins in cellular tests, building off our successful penetration last year, and of course, to maintain our leadership position in connectivity. At the halfway mark, we're performing well on both fronts. I'll note that while we're building a strong foundation on cellular design wins, they are lengthy. And as a new player, we naturally start with a smaller share position in these new accounts. Our cellular test strategy remains to first get in the tent as the second supplier with our leading innovation and then, over time, expand share with our production-optimized focus. Shifting quickly to storage test. We're in a rebuilding mode in 2014. As you know, we've taken a series of actions including lowering the breakeven, introducing a 3.5-inch tester for cloud-based testing and working on SSD test solutions. So we've been very busy getting this business on a more solid footing and towards breakeven for the full year. We'd expect that at the end of the year, we'll be better positioned to determine, if, collectively, these actions are sufficient. In the defense and production board test portions of System Test, we continue to see demand for our new high-speed subsystem and growing traction for the recently introduced TestStation Multi-Site system. Overall, System Test orders were up over 50% in the second quarter, and we'll continue to look for ways to use clever technology to energize board tests. If you step back from the product and segment level details, you'll see that we continue to execute on a very deliberate product strategy. Let me clarify. We see 2 very large and well-noted megatrends taking place across the globe: mobile communications and ubiquitous sensing and computing, called by many names, perhaps most commonly the Internet of Things. These 2 trends drive lightweight, lower-power devices with always-on and connected operation and are rapidly embedding themselves in the fabric of consumer, commercial, medical and industrial markets. These device trends drive the familiar requirements we hear from our customers for low cost of test solutions and very fast programming environments for these complex products. These products can move from design to production of millions of units per month in just a few quarters, with near 0 defects across a globally dispersed supply chain. Mark provided some details about the new UltraFLEX products, but addressing these requirements and many others has also been the theme of our company-wide R&D efforts. So you've seen a steady flow of new product announcements from us in all of our business segments, in total, nearly a dozen in the last 6 months alone. The common thread in these products is this unwavering [ph] focus on the test needs of these high-growth mobile and IoT markets. Every part of Teradyne is delivering highly differentiated products to address these global trends.  So back to the numbers. We're on track to have another good year. As you know, we long ago designed our cost structure to operate above the semi cap industry profit rate of 15% so that achieving a 27% operating profit rate this quarter is readily achievable even with less favorable product mix, namely some large apps processing buying and some of our businesses operating below their normalized revenue levels. As you can see from our third quarter guidance, we expect the familiar seasonal patterns to hold, driven principally by the timing of mobility product releases. So we've cautiously guided the third quarter sales to run under the second quarter levels despite the very strong second quarter book-to-bill. We put a slide in the package showing the historical pattern of SemiTest third quarter bookings, which have dropped anywhere from 24% to 57% from the second quarter level over the last 3 years. As noted earlier, we also had a substantial pull-in of revenue and related earnings from the third quarter to the second. Therefore, in addition to your normal analysis, I'd ask you to quickly look at the combined second and third quarter results and outlook. As a 6-month period taken together, you'll see that the combined results exceed the June consensus estimates. Moving to the second quarter P&L. Our sales were $526 million. The non-GAAP operating profit rate was 27%, and non-GAAP EPS was $0.54. The gross margin percentage was 55%, in line with our model. Moving now to capital allocation. We ended the quarter with gross cash and marketable securities of $1.1 billion and no debt. Our offshore cash totals $430 million, which will continue to grow. As a reminder, this year, we expect to add about $75 million for UltraFLEX leases, which is why our cap adds are up considerably from a year ago. As you know, in 2008, we spent over $500 million for Nextest and Eagle Test taken together, and in 2011, we also spent over $500 million for LitePoint. These M&A transactions are providing attractive returns, and future acquisitions remain a key part of our strategy. The timing of when we can close the next attractive transaction that meets our very strict criteria will remain uncertain. We also recognize that cash is often the preferred currency in M&A in order to avoid excess dilution from using equity. We believe that, in the midterm, there will be attractive M&A that we can close, which will provide our shareholders a better return than to simply buy back stock aggressively. However, we also recognize that with a growing war chest, we need to continuously consider all alternatives, including returning more capital, while maintaining flexibility for attractive M&A. Now moving to the key details of the second quarter. Of the total company bookings of $627 million, SemiTest bookings were $535 million, Wireless Test bookings were $52 million and System Test were $40 million. SOC test orders were $488 million, and Memory Test orders were $47 million. SemiTest service orders were $88 million. In the second quarter, semiconductor sales were 80% of the total; Wireless Test, 13%; and System Test, 7%. Our book-to-bill ratio for the second quarter was 1.2 for the overall company, 1.3 for Semiconductor Test, 0.8 for Wireless Test and 1.1 for System Test. The top line of $526 million was up $205 million or 64% sequentially from the first quarter. SemiTest was $422 million, up $160 million. Wireless Test was $69 million, up $47 million. And System Test group was $35 million, down $3 million. We had no customer that was more than 10% of company revenue in the quarter. Within the $526 million of second quarter revenue, service was $73 million, up $7 million compared to the first quarter. SemiTest service revenue was $54 million. Total company product turns business was 46% versus 55% a quarter ago. SemiTest product turns business was 45% versus 57% a quarter ago. Memory revenue was $51 million. Moving down the P&L. Non-GAAP gross margins increased to 55% from 52% in the first quarter due to higher volume. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $151 million compared to $138 million in the first quarter, led by higher variable compensation accruals due to higher profits. At the operating line, we posted a 27% profit. Our net interest and other income was $1 million. Tax expense for the quarter was $24 million, excluding discrete items. And our full year tax rate, excluding discrete items again, is expected to be 17% for 2014. Cash from operations generated $149 million after capital additions. We ended the quarter with a gross cash balance of $1.1 billion. DSO was 52 days, down from 60 days in the first quarter. We expect cash and marketable securities to increase by about $90 million in the third quarter. As noted in the press release, sales for the third quarter are expected to be between $440 million and $480 million and the non-GAAP EPS range is $0.34 to $0.43 on 217 million diluted shares. Q3 guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles and the related tax impact. Our GAAP EPS range is $0.27 to $0.36. The operating profit rate at the midpoint of our third quarter guidance is about 22%. Now moving to the P&L percentages in the third quarter. We expect non-GAAP gross margins to be about 55%. R&D should be 16% to 17%, as we have several new product-related NREs in the third quarter, and G&A should be 16% to 17%. Net interest income is expected to be about $1 million. So to summarize, we had a very good second quarter. We continue to execute our product and market share strategies, and we remain very focused and disciplined on putting our capital to work for the benefit of long-term owners. With that, I'll turn the call back to Andy.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Thanks, Greg. Kevin, we'd now like to take some questions. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jim Covello from Goldman Sachs.
James V. Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: If I could ask about the SOC test business. We've had a couple of the analog companies in the last couple of days, namely Linear and NXPI, both increase their CapEx, citing back-end constraints a little bit. How much of that do you think is reflected in your June quarter results versus there's still some of that, that's going to have to work its way through the system in a positive way for you going forward? And when I think about your September quarter guidance, is -- are you assuming that what we saw from people like Linear and NXP and others -- and I know you don't want to comment on specific companies. But do you assume that, that's going to continue? Or do you assume in your guidance that, that drops off a little bit because that can be volatile?
Mark E. Jagiela: Jim, thanks. Yes, I think the analog business is one of those pieces that is strengthening, and it tends to be less volatile overall than some of the digital businesses. So in the second quarter, I wouldn't say that it's peaked. We're still seeing strong demand for our Eagle and FLEX testers, which primarily serve that segment. I think for the rest of the year, it will continue to strengthen a bit. Some of the companies you mentioned, some are pure analog versus a mix of different types of parts. But overall, what we see is that analog will remain strong and probably strengthen a little bit in the second half.
James V. Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful perspective. And then when I think about the short-term disruptions in the Wireless Test space versus the long-term opportunity, how do you guys frame that up in your mind? Obviously, you talked about the issues that are driving the market this year and in the back half of the year. What are you -- what in your mind has to be the long-term reward to live with the short-term volatility in that market?
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, I think Wireless Test is going to be propelled by unit growth and complexity. And the period we're in, in the past, I would say, 2 years, last year and this year, is that the unit growth has slowed a bit for complex devices because of the sort of pushout of China LTE deployment. And people, in the meantime, in the traditional markets have been working on a lot of optimization and reuse of equipment. So what we do see is that the deployment of LTE in China will occur. It's hard to predict when the ramp starts to go vertical, but it will come. And with that will come a lot of complexity in those phones from an RF point of view and -- on the RF and from an applications processor and power management point of view. So for both the SemiTest business and the LitePoint business, we think that the China wave will be the next wave of benefit we see from the wireless space. And then what comes after that will be further enhancements with LTE Advanced and such that will continue to drive increased bandwidth and test complexity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri from Cowen and Company.
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Greg, can you help us with what the mix is going to look like for September from a revenue perspective? And the reason why I ask that is because it's pretty hard to fit the guidance, given where the bookings were. So I'm wondering maybe if you can help us with what the revenue mix is going to look like. And then I had a follow-up.
Gregory R. Beecher: Okay. We don't typically do that, Tim. But I'll say the SemiTest, we expect to -- obviously, we have a larger segment. And basically, Semi and LitePoint are going to be down a bit from the prior quarter, but they'll both be down about the same amount [indiscernible] percent.
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Down, you said what, 50%, you said?
Gregory R. Beecher: As a percent, they'll look similar in their performance.
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, got it. Got it, got it. And then can you also talk -- wireless revenue was greater than the bookings. And that's not the typical pattern, given what you booked in Q1 and what you booked in Q2. Revenue was about $20 million higher than what you booked in Q2. Are there some deferrals in there, some lease-related arrangements similarly that's in the SemiTest side maybe that's inflating LitePoint revenue relative to what you're booking?
Gregory R. Beecher: We don't have leases in -- at LitePoint. So no, that's not going on.
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, just last thing for me. Can you break out the backlog, break out the $592 million worth of backlog?
Gregory R. Beecher: I don't have it at my fingertips. But you could imagine SemiTest is the biggest piece by far.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chad Dillard from Deutsche Bank.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Can you talk about how you're tracking on your memory share gain targets? I know before you were talking about 3% to 4%. Where are you right now in the year? And where do you expect to be at the end of the year?
Mark E. Jagiela: Sure. Memory is a little bit of a bright spot in that the share gains, we're on track for the first half of the year with what we said, 3 to 4 points of share gain. We're seeing increasing demand in memory, actually. The -- both DRAM and the Flash speeds are going up dramatically. That is causing, I think, unplanned obsolescence at some of our customers. Whereas they had hoped they could reuse some legacy equipment, the mix shift toward higher-speed DRAMs and higher-speed Flash is driving a little bit more demand. And that's playing into our products' strength and driving our share north. So last year, we finished around 25%, 26% share of the memory market. Our goal this year is if we can stretch it to 30%, plus or minus a few, it would be great.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then on the SSD side and SSD test, now that's a new market opportunity for you. Can you help us get a sense of how big that market size is what the penetration rate is and what sort of share should we expect you to achieve?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. That market is very nascent and early, so I would not, at this point, be able to put a market size on it. We've gotten some initial design wins that are first applications of our product to that space. So we've really got to go through that initial deployment and see where it sorts out before we could start to think about this as a market and a sizing and such. So some good early indicators enough to make a big difference in the bottom line of that relatively small business, but it's too early to call the market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Crédit Suisse.
Farhan Ahmad: This is Farhan Ahmad asking a question on behalf of John. My first question is regarding your Wireless Test. If I think about the Wireless Test, you have very high exposure to 1 customer, and that particular customer is having very strong supply chain data points. So I was just wondering, like, what's led to, like, somewhat of weaker orders this quarter and if there is some share loss at the biggest customer in the Wireless Test.
Mark E. Jagiela: I'll take that one. In my remarks, I believe I mentioned one of the factors affecting us was there was test capacity left over from the prior year that's being absorbed. So I think that's affecting us this year. And just to step back, in the last 2 years, there have been very high buying from LitePoint and Wireless Test. I think those last 2 years were above the trend line. I think we're below our trend line now, and this is not uncommon in tests, where there's some buying, it gets optimized, it gets better used with experience and know-how and then that pushes out future capital purchases. So that's what we believe is going on this year. And at some point, that capacity is absorbed and we're back delivering new testers. In terms of market share, we feel confident that -- overall, that we will gain market share yet again this year. It might be a couple of points. Now we accept market share is -- unlike SemiTest, where there's third-party reporting, it's more difficult. But the way we count noses, we think we have a good understanding of our position.
Farhan Ahmad: Got it. And in terms of your first half orders, they were $230 million higher than your revenues. So in regard -- just taking that into account, your September quarter guidance looks a bit light. And particularly, when I think about, like, the higher utilization rates at the foundries currently, I just want to understand, like, how much of conservatism is built into your guidance for third quarter. And could there be a significant upside to it?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. I'll take that one, too. If you look at our history over time, and I think I also mentioned this, our bookings in the third quarter drop anywhere from 24% to 57%. So that's a very wide range that we have to model with. It can be a steep or a small drop. So could there be upside? Yes, there could be. But we tend to try to play it conservatively so that we earn your credibility. We weren't super cautious, but we were sort of normal cautious the way we normally set our guidance. So we feel good where we set it. And another key thing for us is, if you look at Q2 and Q3 together, taken together, it's similar to what the sell-side consensus was before this call. So I think you guys got it right. It's just some business came in a little bit earlier.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse from ISI Group.
Christopher J. Muse - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I guess, first question on LitePoint. You reiterated the $700 million market size. I'm curious there. If cellular's really not buying because of excess existing capacity, but your share in connectivity is holding and you're doing roughly $140 million, give or take, in the first 3 quarters, it looks like the implied number for you guys is closer to $200 million for the year. And so I guess the question this, does that mean that we should see sustainable spending on tests within LitePoint into Q4? Or am I missing something there?
Gregory R. Beecher: C.J., that's correct. We would expect a stronger Q4 than we traditionally had. So clearly, our plan is back-end loaded, and it's tied to, we think, the China 4G buying will starting to pick up, and we've gotten design wins. The trick for us though is, as we've gotten these very important design wins, it's also not quite clear how much we're going to get until the very, very end. We know we won, but are they going to give us 10%, 20%? What percent of the buy are we going to get? So even that's still in play now. So what we feel good about is we get those design wins and over time, similar to what we did in connectivity many years ago, you start as the low share guy, you work your way up over time. So we like where we are strategically, but we accept it's hard to call the short term.
Christopher J. Muse - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Excellent. That's helpful. And then I guess, as my follow-up, this is a great year for SOC test, particularly when you think about Intel bringing in-house. Curious how you think about the moving parts for 2015. And I guess within that, would love to hear your thoughts around mobility, whether there's a pause as we shrink down to 16, 14 or whether you see re-up there. And then on the analog side, it sounds like that can continue. Would love to hear your thoughts there on sensors/microcontrollers, et cetera.
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, I think -- so to start with analog, sensors and microcontrollers, I think there's a long-term systemic growth coming there that's both new applications driving an increase in unit volume growth for the devices. On top of that, there'll be increased test intensity because of some of the trends I cited in my remarks. So those 2 pieces I'm very optimistic about going into next year and beyond. Mobility is always volatile, and lots of things happen. Node -- you mentioned one, for example. Next year, there's likely to be a significant node shift. Now that in and of itself doesn't drive a lot of incremental test capacity, unless there's a yield issue, which did happen at the 28-nanometer node in 2012. So there's always this possibility that a node issue can create a temporary capacity surge. But it all averages out over time because once the yield issues are fixed, that capacity gets absorbed. That's what we saw in 2013. So as I look at where we are now and next year, I think looking at the balloons and anchors, it feels it's going to be about a similar kind of pattern with a systemic increase in test intensity perhaps buoying the market a little bit. So that's the color I can give you at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Diffely from D.A. Davidson.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: So I guess, first question is on the turns business. So were you surprised at the magnitude of turns in the quarter? And could you have even done more?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. Surprised is a term of art because we always, in our manufacturing model, put in enough upside capacity to deal with some amount of surprise or pull-ins. And in this case, the customers were pulling hard to get a little bit ahead of some of the ramp of silicon for some product launches coming soon. And on the Semiconductor Test side, we actually exhausted not all but quite a significant portion of our upside. So it would have been hard for us to do much more in SemiTest than we did. On some of the other segments, we did still have some dry powder. We could have done more. We didn't need to. But that's a position we're in pretty much every quarter. When we're in a peak quarter like we are in the second quarter and third quarter months, we can have, depending -- if the mix hits right, anywhere from $50 million to $100 million of upside. And in a trough month or trough quarter, we might have $150 million of upside. But that's how we've been running the business now for 4 years, and it helped us really be responsive. And it's part of why I believe we've been able to move market share.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, just to follow up here on the buy rate on some of your slides. You're saying the buy rate this year for SOC is only about 1%, which is significantly below where it was in '10, '11 and '12. Did something happen industry-wide? Or is it just dynamics of a single year?
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, I think there's one factor that needs to be put in there. So yes, it's up this year from last year. It will be up 1%-plus. But the buy rate in the past had effect of some large microprocessor companies were buying significant commercial capacity. They tend, at this point, to move in-house. And so that was in the commercial market numbers in '10, '11, '12, and it's out of the commercial market numbers that you look at in '13, '14 and beyond. So if you -- and that could be on the order of several hundred million dollars of buying. So if you neutralize that effect of shifting from commercial to in-house, I think you would find it's back not quite to that 1.3% level, but it's getting back there.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. So would you consider the 1% buy rate kind of a normal rate going forward then?
Mark E. Jagiela: I think -- well, I think it will -- my belief is it will slowly trend back up because of these test intensity issues we're seeing. And so if we're looking out -- in our planning, if we're looking a couple of years down the road, it's somewhere in the, let's say, 1% to 1.3% range is probably a planning number.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini from SIG.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I want to go back to the LitePoint. I'm a little bit confused. If the end customer is building finished handset inventory today and into Q3 with the intention of selling those units in Q4, what gives you confidence that there's going to be a pickup in test equipment procurement late in the year?
Gregory R. Beecher: Mehdi, we believe is as the year goes on, these design wins we're getting in Asia, for example, we think there is going to be the 4G handset build-out now that the towers are getting put in place and the infrastructure. So therefore, we'll get business from that end. In terms of existing customers that have excess capacity, there may be very little extra business we get from them.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. Now so if the design wins help with better-than-seasonal trend in Q4, would it be fair to say -- to assume that there's also a probability that Q1 could turn out to be better than seasonal because of the design win?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, that's possible. But I would still say there is strong seasonal patterns, like there is in SemiTest. So the design wins can help. But our design win, we believe we are going to start as the second source guys, so we're going to start at a lower share. So to us, they're very strategic. We can't say the names of these accounts, but they're very -- the accounts we'd want to be in. So we think, long term, we're in a very good path. It's just that the dollars probably will be smaller than the importance of these strategic wins long term.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Sure. And then on R&D, can you please explain again why the R&D mix is spiking in Q3?
Gregory R. Beecher: In the third quarter, we have a set of NREs, fees paid to third parties, that coalesce in the third quarter, 3 -- about 3 NREs in different parts of the company, principally in SemiTest. So that's a bit of a bubble that we don't expect in the fourth quarter. And that's just timing. It happens now and then.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar from Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I have a couple of them. Number one, Greg or Mark, if you look at the last 3 years -- I know you guys don't give forecast beyond 1 quarter. But the last 3 years, your Q4 revenue was under $300 million. Now assuming it follows normal seasonal patterns, but Q4 seems to be weighted for LitePoint. So should we assume Q4 this year to be much better than $300 million versus the last 3 years?
Gregory R. Beecher: As you said at the outset, we don't talk about fourth quarter guidance, so that's key. But all I could tell you is history should be a strong indicator for you. And yes, we think LitePoint could have some better news in the fourth quarter. But again, I also said that these are key wins that we start with small second source positions but important for the long term.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. That's helpful. And then the second question is on the Wireless Test. If we look at the last few years, the market size has been compressing. Obviously, competition has been increasing, and there are probably 5 guys, including you guys, in the picture. So I'm just kind of curious what's got to give for the market to improve. Do you think there are like 2 or 3 competitors too many that need to get out of the business? Or do you think it is more about innovation, innovating to get the prices back up?
Gregory R. Beecher: I think it's about innovation for the foreseeable future. That's what LitePoint was incredibly successful in the connectivity side. LitePoint's brought innovation to cellular test, but they were late to the market, so it's a different hand they had to play. I do think, with our production-focused optimized approach, that, over time, we'll win. And that includes everything from we tend to have a lower-cost product, the COGS of it. The throughput's better. It's easier to program. So it's exactly what is needed in a low-cost Asian fast-ramp manufacturing environment. Our competitors are all very capable. But they tend to come from an R&D or a general-purpose instrument and they try to bring that into the battlefield. That's not as strong an offering as we have because we optimize on the exact problem at hand. So I do think you're going to see that, over time, we'll continue to be very strong with production-optimized testing. Some of our competitors are better at general purpose or in the R&D lab.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Ho from Stifel.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: First question on Wireless Test. Given some of the reuse and upgradability that you've talked about in the past, how do you capitalize on the potential opportunity there in terms of, like, upgrades or providing additional services for those customers that are large for you right now that aren't doing a lot of that reuse and upgradability?
Gregory R. Beecher: We generally have upgrade paths for our customers, where needed. If it makes sense, we'll do what's necessary to give the customer the roadmap that they need. So we do get business from upgrades, but we also -- there's also, in this industry, new products every year. I mean the product life cycle, the new products -- every 9 months to 12 months is a new product. So there is an element of upgrade. But I think that the greatest drive is the next product and the next product. And there's so much change happening. Unlike SemiTest where you have 2-, 3-year product design cycles, this is 9 months, so it's constantly changing.
Mark E. Jagiela: And I would also say that it's an ebb and flow, where in any given year, some technologies don't offer an opportunity for a lot of equipment upgrades, but then there's new technologies coming into the phone. So what you'll see over time is that the portfolio of product offerings expands to cover more and more technologies. And sometimes, those waves get in sync, and sometimes, they're out of sync. But that's how we work with the established customers to increase our share of wallet.
Gregory R. Beecher: The last maybe 12 months, thereabouts, customers are buying future-proof out of the box or buying testers with, example, 802.11ac even though they're not testing for that now. So customers have a choice. You can buy a future-proof tester or you can buy something lower cost for the problem at hand. So they have the choice.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Great, great. That's really helpful. And in your commentary regarding the 4G China rollout in terms of being slower than expected. Just from your historical perspective to date, how long has it taken in terms of generation devices before you become a lead supplier to any new customer? Does it take 1 or 2 generations before you become the lead supplier? Or could it take more time than that?
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, I think if you're referring to the cellular design wins we've talked about, in the LitePoint case, in the WiFi side of Lite, we very quickly moved to a dominant position. But we were moving in at a time when the market was also nascent and exploding, like LitePoint was. So we rode a wave and had a strong position. Here, we're coming into an established market. And because of the rapid product life cycles that Greg mentioned, it's actually possible to move into a high share position within 1- or 2-generation design cycle, which is a 1- or 2-year period. If the product life cycles were quite long, like SemiTest's 3 years, there's a much slower share-move strategy. But here, it can move more quickly.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jairam Nathan from Sidoti.
Jairam Nathan - Sidoti & Company, LLC: With regard to Wireless Test, have you mentioned what your breakeven level is on that business? And if -- and how has it changed over the last 2 years or so?
Gregory R. Beecher: We haven't -- we're probably not -- we're not going to do that in this call and don't plan to. But LitePoint would expect to operate with good profits this year, as well as the prior 2 years. Obviously also, though, we've invested much were in the distribution and in the R&D in cellular tests. This -- we see this LTE as an opportunity. It's a discontinuity. Customers are looking for different solutions. They can't buy what they bought in the past. So there is this opportunity, whether it's a 1, 2-year window. So this is when we need our best engineers, best products engineers and best sales guys out in the field. And we've done that in the past year in the major Asian countries. So we've absolutely ramped up the LitePoint OpEx. And it is delivering with the early design wins, which, whether it's 2 years, 3 years, it will be some time period where we believe we can move from small share to a much more meaningful share.
Jairam Nathan - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay. Just as a follow-up, like, what have you seen as a competitive response to -- with respect to you winning new business on LitePoint side?
Gregory R. Beecher: What they tend to do is try to copy our product. We had 4 up testing, now everyone else has 4 up testing. But we have other things up our sleeve that they don't know about. So we're always, we believe, a turn ahead of them with some innovation. But they generally are fast followers. And the customers tell them, "Do what LitePoint did. Do what LitePoint did." But they're not starting with the best architecture to do that, so they have to make trade-offs. And often, they have higher COGS in their product. The other thing they're doing in the short term is they do what others do, they lower price. But we have much better throughput, so we tend -- that's usually not the best way for them to respond, but that's the only thing they can do in the short term.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to the presenters.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Great. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. This concludes the call, and we look forward to talking to you in the days and weeks ahead.
Mark E. Jagiela: Thank you.
Gregory R. Beecher: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew J. Blanchard - Vice President of Corporate Relations Mark E. Jagiela - Chief Executive Officer and President Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: James V. Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Vernon P. Essi - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Christopher J. Muse - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division John William Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division David Duley Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Natalia, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Teradyne Q1 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Andrew Blanchard. You may begin, sir.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Thank you, Natalia. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our CEO, Mark Jagiela; and our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for the first quarter, as well as our outlook for the second quarter of this year. The press release containing our first quarter results was issued last evening and copies are available at teradyne.com, where this call is also being simulcast. We're providing slides on the Investor page of the website that you may find helpful in following the discussion. Those slides can be downloaded now or you can follow along live. If you don't see the download icon, simply refresh the page. In addition, replays of this call will be available via the same page about 24 hours after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release, as well as our most recent SEC filings for a complete description. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we'll make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We've posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. They are available on the Investor page as well. Also between now and our next conference call, Teradyne will be participating in investor conferences hosted by Bank of America, Hallum, Crédit Suisse, Davidson and Needham & Company. Now let's go down to the rest of the agenda. First, Mark will comment on the first quarter and general market environment as we enter the second quarter. Greg will then offer more details on our quarterly financial results, along with our guidance for the second quarter. We'll then answer your questions and you should note that we intend to end this call after 1 hour. Mark?
Mark E. Jagiela: Thanks, Andy, and good morning, everyone. Our overall bookings in the first quarter were up 55% over the fourth quarter of last year and 12% higher than the first quarter of 2013. This was due to a very strong opening quarter in our Semiconductor Test business, where bookings were at their highest level since the rebound quarters of early 2010. Strong demand for application processor, microcontroller, and power management IC testing led the way, with orders for our UltraFLEX and J750 testers roughly doubling from the fourth quarter of 2013. As noted last quarter, our plan for 2014 is to lock in the 7 points of SOC share gain from 2013, and grow with the market expansion in 2014. With our strong Q1 result, that plan is on track for the year. The UltraFLEX continues to deliver on a strong position and mobility. In Apps Processor Test, the power of the platform's parallel test capability and fast time to ramp IG-XL software continues to win share. In RF, where chip scale packaging increasingly dominates, the UltraFLEX's unmatched accuracy of signal delivery at wafer test delivers higher yields for customers. And while more cores and components to manage in mobile electronics, the precision and complexity of power management ICs are advancing rapidly. Here, the UltraFLEX's DC architecture excels at the precise, current sourcing and measuring required by these devices. So all in all, our long-term UltraFLEX R&D strategy of creating the world's best platform for mobility device test is paying off. Microcontroller Test was another strong part of the Q1 story. Our J750 bookings more than doubled from the first quarter of 2013. Microcontroller is used as sensor management hubs in mobile devices, embedded with RF and consumer products, and general growth in industrial and automotive applications led the surge. To date, over 4,500 J750 platforms have been purchased worldwide, with new customers being added, particularly in Greater China, every quarter. I will also note that the strength in mobility and microcontroller did not extend to analog in Q1, and that segment has been relatively quiet for over a year. However, in the current quarter, we are seeing signs of improvement in this part of the market as well. In Memory Test, although orders were relatively slow in Q1, we are seeing momentum build in 2Q. Our new Magnum 5 FLASH tester is now in volume production, and we added a third customer in the quarter. We also received follow-on UltraFLEX high-speed memory orders for GDDR5 testing, and plan to ramp our new High Pin Count version for DDR4 testing in 2Q. Again, increasing device interface speeds on both FLASH and DRAMs play into our product line strength. So overall, we still see the 2014 SOC test market size in the $2.1 billion to $2.4 billion range, up from $1.9 billion last year, and the Memory Test market flat at about $450 million. As is typical with the annual cycle in mobility, we expect the SemiTest bookings momentum to continue in the second quarter, followed by a traditionally softer second half of the year. Our manufacturing capability is designed to respond to these surges, and we are in good position with upside as we ramp capacity in 2Q. In Wireless Test, first quarter bookings were $57 million, more than triple the orders of the seasonally slow fourth quarter, but down from a year ago. As we have said before, short lead times and relatively opaque visibility into the ramp plans of customers makes the short-term market and order timing difficult to forecast. However, we do see increased tester efficiency and reuse of installed test capacity, particularly in cellular, further compressing the overall market in 2014. Longer term, the growth prospects for the market remain strong following this period of optimization. As LTE begins its next phase of growth in China, and trends like MIMO and Carrier Aggregation gain momentum, the need for new test capabilities should grow. In System Test, we added 2 new customers for our recently introduced Multi-Site Inline TestStation for the commercial production board test market. And in our defense electronic test unit, despite ongoing pressure on government spending, we expect to continue to operate at or above model. On the other hand, our Storage Test business remains slow. The mainstream Hard Disk Drive test market still has excess capacity to work through, and while there's growing interest in SSD testing, it has relatively small potential volume in the near term. In summary, calling the full year is as difficult as ever, but we are off to a very solid start in 2014. Our product position in key growth segments remain strong and our share gains from 2013 are not only holding, but trending upward. Let me now turn it over to Greg to provide details on Q1 results, as well as guidance and perspectives on the second quarter.
Gregory R. Beecher: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with some brief comments on the start to the year, what we see looking ahead, and then cover the first quarter details and second quarter outlook. As Mark noted, first quarter bookings got off to a very strong start at $450 million. As we remarked last quarter, we expected an SOC snapback after a down year in 2013. That's why we moved into our inventory position late last year to keep first half 2014 lead times in check. This planning has worked well, as evidenced by our second quarter guidance, with sales expected to grow sequentially between 43% and 53%. Two of the SOC segments driving the strong start are principally digital centric: Apps processors used in mobile devices and microcontrollers used in ubiquitous applications, including mobile, automotive, industrial and consumer products. Do recall that the apps processor demand was essentially 0 last year after a record buying in 2012. As expected, it came back with a vengeance in the first quarter, bringing our UltraFLEX bookings to the highest point since the first quarter of 2012. The combination of high throughput and award-winning software tools has helped fuel our multiyear share gains in the SOC mobility segment. Customers increasingly rely on the UltraFLEX to achieve ever tighter quality standards, cost requirements and compressed time-to-market constraints. As Mark described, another long-term trend we see is more chip scale packaging. With wafer level devices mounted directly on circuit boards, or combined with other die in a single package for space, cost and power savings. This requires more robust testing at the wafer level, so customers confirm they have known good die before the next level of assembly. Outside of memory, these techniques are most often used for RF chips. When testing these high-performance devices at the wafer level, the ability to source and receive complex high-frequency signals to and from the chip is essential. The UltraFLEX with ultra wave RF excels at this task for 2 reasons: first, the system is architected to have the lowest phase noise and tightest power accuracy in the industry, equal to or better than some benchtop instruments. This capability provides headroom, which directly translates to higher wafer yield in production test. Second, we created an integration facility at Teradyne that replicates the production environment for wafer tests. Specifically, to work with probe interface suppliers and customers to ensure the extraordinary performance of the tester is actually realized in day-to-day production. This facility has allowed us to extend our lead in RF test and probe tests in general by helping customers solve some of the most challenging, mechanical, electrical and thermal issues facing semiconductor production testing today. Turning now to the microcontroller strength. The J750 continues to sell very well, with over 100 systems ordered in the quarter. In fact, it was the best consecutive fourth quarter run since 2010. The J750 is the clear industry standard for microcontrollers, mostly digital and image sensor testing. With the recent introduction of low-cost, LitePoint wireless capability, any of the thousands of systems sold to date can be easily upgraded to test [ph] controllers with RF connectivity, as well as a new silicon used in the emerging class of devices for the Internet of Things and wearables. And recall that last year, we notched up the J750 operating speed, channel density and cost performance, earning it a 2014 Best In Test award from Electronic Design News. So the future looks very bright here as well, both in end market trends and our product leadership. Shifting to Wireless Test, the first quarter demand of $57 million was down from last year's first quarter record start. Our Q1 demand this year was principally driven by new technology buys, such as 11ac and connectivity. While it is difficult to forecast wireless demand, we are expecting a slower first half start with customers squeezing more out of their installed base of testers. I will come back to LitePoint a little later to comment on the positive longer-term picture. Moving to the first quarter P&L. Our sales were $321 million, the non-GAAP operating profit rate was 9% and non-GAAP EPS was $0.11. The gross margin percentage was 52%, 2 points above expectations due to more favorable product mix. Our gross margin is most affected by mix and volume, and over the last 3 years, it's ranged from 49% to 59% in any quarterly period. We have not seen any meaningful changes to the overall pricing environment that would alter our traditional margin ranges. Stepping back, you can see that we operate in seasonal, annual cycles, with the first and fourth quarters as the low points. Our shipments have been peaking in the second and third quarters, and we expect this cycle to continue. Of course, there are also other trends that impact us that are beyond the seasonal biorhythms. Currently, we remain in a severely depressed storage test market, as PC demand is soft and the cloud build-out hasn't absorbed the test capacity in place. So in addition to the cost reduction actions taken last year, we are evaluating various options to minimize the financial impact to our P&L during this period of limited demand. We will update you mid year on our plans in this area. Shifting back to Wireless Test. LitePoint serves a market that is very difficult to predict, and will have periods of strong buying with the ongoing growth in smart devices, the proliferation of new standards and a host of new wireless applications. Volume buying will also be followed by the normal productivity squeezing and digestion periods. We're in the squeezing out and digestion phase now, after the last 2 years of sales of $538 million, well above our original 2-year plan of $350 million. Strategically, at LitePoint, we are doing very well with new technology buying, with our [indiscernible] chipset strategy and connectivity. This proven formula gets off production, optimizes testers to market with full test solutions well ahead of others with the right economics for production. Namely, we don't develop general purpose or R&D testers and then try to morph them into high-volume production systems. We design for the exact problem at hand, the need for low-cost, simple to use testers, with solutions in place, right out-of-the-box. In cellular, as you know, we broke into the market last year in a very major way and look to further gain share, albeit in smaller increments over a multiyear period. So while the 2014 market size is tough to call and may very well be down from -- for the year, we remain very positive about the long-term prospects of Wireless Test. Now back at the company level. Looking over the last 3 years, we've averaged annual sales of just over $1.5 billion and a non-GAAP operating profit rate of 21%. Our first quarter 2014 start with sales of $321 million and an operating profit rate of 9% fits with these prior year starts. You will see that our multiyear performance continues to place us among the best-performing semi-cap suppliers. Now looking ahead, we'll continue to focus on selectively gaining market share through offering differentiated solutions to the right customers, greater throughput and enable them to get their products to market faster with the best programming tools. We accomplish this by carefully targeting R&D to where the hockey puck is going and ensuring that our solutions are as far as possible from a need to solution. A quick example of this is in Memory Test, where we are greatly outspent by our largest competitor, yet our solutions matched with the customer needs now, higher frequency and throughput. This is how we gained about 10 points of share in Memory Test last year alone, and we expect to gain more share in 2014. When profitability is hard earned as it is in ATE, we long ago learned that we need to be very judicious in how we invest, both in R&D and in nonorganic growth. This mindset will continue to guide us as we evaluate growth opportunities. Moving to capital allocation. Our operating model has shown us cash generation strength across multiple industry cycles. Since 2011, we've generated free cash flow of about $210 million a year. This led to our announcement of an initial dividend last quarter. We will also remain opportunistic with the timing of stock buybacks, and of course, maintain sufficient dry powder for highly selective M&A. While we may not find another LitePoint-type asset, we will continue to revisit capital allocation. As planned, we settled the convertible note with a face value of $190 million on March 17. The option component will settle over the 65-day trading period, beginning June 17 and ending September 17. At $20 per share, this would amount to about 21 million shares, which we've included in our non-GAAP EPS guidance for the second quarter. We've once again included a slide in the presentation on our website, which describes this further. Now moving to the key details of the first quarter. We had total company bookings of $450 million, SemiTest bookings were $366 million. SOC test orders were $349 million and Memory Test orders were $17 million in the first quarter. SemiTest service orders were $53 million. Wireless Test orders were $57 million. System Test orders were $27 million, with $12 million of service orders. In the first quarter, semiconductor test sales were 81% of the total, Wireless Test 7% and System Test 12%. Our book-to-bill ratio for the first quarter was 1.4 for the overall company, 1.4 for Semiconductor Test, 2.7 for Wireless Test and 0.7 for System Test. At the end of the quarter, our backlog stood at $490 million, of which 84% is scheduled to ship and be recognized as revenue within the next 6 months. The top line of $321 million is up $36 million or 13% sequentially from the fourth quarter, in line with seasonal patterns. SemiTest was $262 million, up $47 million. Wireless Test was $21 million, down $5 million. And System Test group was $38 million, down $6 million. We had no customer that was more than 10% of company revenues in the quarter. Within the $321 million of the first quarter revenue, service was $66 million, down $8 million from Q4's record level, SemiTest service revenue was $49 million. Total company product turns business was 55% versus 41% a quarter ago. SemiTest product turns business was 57% versus 45% a quarter ago. Memory revenue was $28 million. Moving down the P&L, non-GAAP gross margins decreased to 52% from 55% in the fourth quarter due to product mix. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $138 million, compared to $140 million in the fourth quarter. At the operating line, we posted a 9% profit. Our non-GAAP net interest and other expense was $11 million -- was $1 million. Non-GAAP tax expense for the quarter was $5 million and our full year non-GAAP tax rate is expected to be 18% for 2014. Cash from operations consumed $57 million after capital additions in the first quarter. We ended the quarter with a cash balance and marketable securities of $967 million. In the second quarter, we expect to generate about $75 million of cash after deploying about $55 million into fixed assets and paying about $12 million in dividends. For the full year, we expect to deploy about $75 million of capital into UltraFLEX testers for leases, bringing our gross total capital additions for the year to $145 million. This is above our January estimate by about $20 million. The higher projected fixed asset additions are attributed to greater than forecast demand for UltraFLEX system leases. Our strong operating model and balance sheet gives us the flexibility to lease testers when it makes commercial sense. Our first quarter DSO was 60 days, up from 50 days in the fourth quarter, due to shipment patterns. As noted in the press release, sales for the second quarter are expected to be between $460 million and $490 million and non-GAAP EPS range is $0.36 to $0.43, on 217 million diluted shares. Q2 guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles and the related tax impact. Our GAAP EPS range is $0.29 to $0.36. The operating profit rate at the midpoint of our second quarter guidance is about 22%. Now moving to the P&L percentages in the second quarter. We expect non-GAAP gross margins to be about 53% to 54%, R&D should be 15% to 16%, and G&A should be about 16%. Non-GAAP net interest income is expected to be about $1 million. As we have seen for the first quarter, we are well-positioned in 2014, with our strong market share momentum, new product offerings and extremely resilient model and an capital allocation strategy that rewards shareholders and supports our growth strategy. I'll now turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Thanks, Greg. Natalia, we'd now like to take some questions. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James V. Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: You guys have talked a lot about the seasonality in your business and pretty well documented. If I look at the third quarter, over the last couple of years, in Q3 of '12, it was down quarter-over-quarter and Q3 of '13, it was up quarter-over-quarter. Can you talk about the pushes or pulls that would make this year look either more like '12 or more like '13?
Gregory R. Beecher: Sure, Jim. A lot of it gets tied to the product introductions of our customers and where they fall in the calendar year. So in 2013, we saw a little bit more back-end loaded surge. This year might be a little bit similar to that. But the lead times we have tend to be 4 to 8 weeks, depending on the product line. So we just try to position ourselves to run with the demand and we don't try to get overly fixated on the quarterly boundary too much. But that is about as much color as I could give on it.
Mark E. Jagiela: The only thing I'd quickly add, Jim, is many customers are trying to release their products earlier and faster. So that tends to cause us to move our shipments in a little earlier in the year. So I think you may see that occurring at times. So it all depends what the exact date is for these launches, and they tend to launch very vertical, very aggressively fast, so they need a lot of testers to stock the shelves.
James V. Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. For my follow-up, on the gross margin, obviously, mix, especially mix with wireless, which has traditionally had a little bit higher gross margin, is a part of the equation. But what other puts and takes drive those margin in Q2 to be a little bit lower than what it might have been at this revenue level historically?
Gregory R. Beecher: Jim, this is very consistent with 2012. 2012, you recall, we had very high amount of digital-centric buying for application processors. The same thing is happening this year. That buying is happening early in the year and that part of our business carries a different margin profile. The volumes tend to be very high. The percentage is a little bit lower. And I think we said last call that we expect this year, the gross margin to be -- for the year, to be about 54%, starting off lower as the application processors work their way through the earlier part of the year.
James V. Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And so you still feel good about that 54% for the year?
Gregory R. Beecher: I do.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Vernon Essi with Needham & Company.
Vernon P. Essi - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: You had discussed the Memory Test market a little more there, it sounds like you're getting some share gains on some of these newer developments. Could you remind us what your expectations are for share as we exit 2014?
Mark E. Jagiela: Sure, so Memory Test for us has been a success story, mostly tied to increasing interface speeds on both FLASH devices and DRAMs. So our products have been set up and architected to intercept that trend and it keeps coming our way. So as we exited last year, we exited with about a 25% share of the Memory Test market. It was about a $450 million market. This year, we think it will be roughly flat at $450 million and our goal is to pick up 3, 4 points of additional share this year. It looks like we are on track for that at this point.
Vernon P. Essi - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just to switch gears, you rarely talk about your other systems business outside of storage, but you did mention a new circuit, and the only reason I ask is, I'm hearing that the demand in that area and sort of the whole SMT side of life has actually picked up. Are you seeing strong order patterns in that side of your business? And is there anything that you think could materially, has actually picked up? Are you seeing the numbers?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, it's small numbers. I wouldn't say we've seen a material movement yet. But the new products we've introduced are targeted at these automated SMT lines, they are high-volume applications. It's a inline multi-site tester. We have had some design wins. We expect them to start to ramp for the rest of the year, and we are targeting some even higher volume applications. Those design wins are not concluded yet, so we don't know how they will turn out. But we see the same trend that you allude to and we positioned ourselves with this new product. But after that, these are -- shootouts are very long, shootouts, they go on for 9 months. So we are at the early stages of some of these and we do believe we have a very good product, with much greater throughput, that the customer can buy far less fixtures and get meaningful savings. So we are optimistic, but I think it's going to take a number of quarters before the numbers, perhaps, show some different trajectory.
Vernon P. Essi - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: And just to clarify, I guess, the answer that -- you're saying the activity picked up in the last couple of months in that space versus perhaps last year or even 6 months ago in terms of the order engagement?
Mark E. Jagiela: I think it's more of the evaluations [indiscernible]. And so, the actual orders, the decisions and the orders would flow, as Greg said, probably in the second half of the year. But certainly the evaluations have picked up.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: You mentioned that you expect market share to stay flat for SOC, but you expect to grow in line with the market. Kind of curious, how much do you think the APU market grew, given the fact that some of the spending this year in SOC comes from MPUs and GPUs, where you guys don't have any footprint?
Mark E. Jagiela: I'm not sure exactly, can you ask it again? I'm not sure what you're asking.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: What you think is the growth rate for the APU test market this year, given that some of the other growth in the SOC market is coming from micro power and GPU.
Mark E. Jagiela: Okay. So last year, GPUs, MPUs and APUs, all were very low buying in the market. This year, APUs are going to -- are rebounding most dramatically of those 3, but there will be some return of buying for MPUs and GPUs as well, but probably the growth rate on APUs will be 2x to 3x higher than MPUs and GPUs.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it, that's really helpful. And then another question on the Wireless Test side, you commented how the growth is going to be muted or probably even down this year, I'm just kind of curious, is that the main reason for that, is that -- is it because of reuse? Or is it more because there were more testers from last year that can do AC testing for this year? Or is it more pricing/productivity improvement in the whole tester supply chain?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, it's a mix of things. Actually, in connectivity testing, the market comparison over last year to this year is probably about flat, as best we can tell. So there isn't a big compression going on in connectivity. On the other hand, in cellular, there is an effect where the testers that have been deployed starting last year tend to be more productive. They tend to be able to do 4 devices in parallel versus prior to 2013, there were single devices in parallel. So there is an efficiency of the new equipment that is higher. The other thing that's happened is that the rollout of LTE is in a little bit of a lull now. There was a big rollout of LTE in the U.S. and Korea that occurred a year ago, but it's getting somewhat saturated. The next wave that's coming in China hasn't quite kicked in yet. So we're in this in-between zone on the cellular side. So that's another effect that we think will dampen that side of the market in 2014.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of CJ Muse with ISI Group.
Christopher J. Muse - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: To the high end of your SOC test?
Mark E. Jagiela: CJ, I'm sorry, we missed the first part of your question, could you...
Christopher J. Muse - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Oh, sorry about that. Curious what it would take to reach the high end of your SOC market outlook?
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, I think based on where we see the trends in Q1 and Q2, it would probably take just a modest second half to reach that high end. The analog business coming on here in second quarter that I referred to earlier is another positive sign that we could be trending towards the higher end of the market size. So in Q1, as I mentioned, we didn't see very strong orders for analog or memory. But we did see very strong orders for microcontrollers and apps processors. That -- all of that continues in Q2, except now, memory and analog seem to be kicking in. So I would judge right now, it's probably trending a bit towards the high end.
Christopher J. Muse - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Excellent. And in terms of memory, can you walk through, I guess, where you are seeing the gains, DRAM versus NAND, as well as the impact of known good die test, full wafer test, et cetera? And whether strength there can continue?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, so for us, the gains have come in DRAM, typically the higher speed end of the spectrum. So graphics DRAMs have been very strong, with the new games that came out last year, that helped. New DDR4 high-speed interfaces for server DRAMs, have also been something that has pulled share our way, with our products. Then on the FLASH side, it's a similar story. As the NAND interface speeds continue to rise to support higher bandwidth FLASH memories for SSD applications, that's fit right into our products. So as that trend continues, and it's not -- that's the real direction of the market, that's why we're confident we can pick up a little more share this year.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Timothy Arcuri with Cowen and Company.
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: First question is on Wireless Test, did you -- you said that the market could be down year-over-year. Does that imply that your Wireless revenues could actually be down this year?
Gregory R. Beecher: That would be yes, depending where the market ends up. It's very early in the year and difficult to call. And we had a big win last year in cellular. And this year we see cellular going through what connectivity has been through last year. So depending on where the markets end up, we could be down. We think we'll do well in market share, and we did lap [ph] very well in market share the last few years. So I think it's more of a market size. And then we think beyond this year, we think there is some positive items that should bring the market more to a healthier stage.
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. I wanted to ask a follow-up on that. But first I want to ask on OpEx. Is that about $10 million according to the guidance? And is it good like $10 million, $12 million, $13 million more at similar revenue levels in late 2012? Is sort of, is this is the new norm going forward? Or is this sort of a onetime bump due to maybe your desire to penetrate some new markets?
Gregory R. Beecher: The OpEx has only about $3 million, that's a [indiscernible], finishing some projects that should go away next quarter. The other portion of the increase is simply variable compensation. So the model that we reset or communicated back in October, we're on that model. So if you go back further in time, you'll see our OpEx is up depending upon when you -- how far back you go. But what we've done is, we've invested more in some of the engineering and distribution, some in SemiTest and some in LitePoint. And it is principally because we've gained good amounts of market share and to get that next couple of points of market share, we need to make some more targeted investments. And as you get more customers, often we find there's more requirements. So as you grow the top line, you end up having to put a bit more engineering.
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, if I could just sneak in one more, just on Wireless Test. All of the customers are saying that they want an integrated tester that can do both connectivity and cellular. And this seems a little bit cannibalistic to both gross margin and revenue, not just for you, but for the entire industry. How do you respond to sort of some concerns that maybe you could be entering a period where there could be a trade-off between your share and margins in that area?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, frankly, we have not seen a lot of customers ask for a tester that can do both. There are certainly some, but I would characterize it as the minority. The trade-off of combining cellular and Wi-Fi in a single tester is usually idle capacity in the tester at some point in time. So it's not as efficient. So if you're a high-volume manufacturer, a focused Wi-Fi tester, for example, that can evolve with the Wi-Fi standards and be very efficient there, combined with a separate box for cellular testing, is what we're being asked for. So I wouldn't call it a trend. It's something that a few suppliers do desire. We watch that, if it becomes something that the larger suppliers want to pull on, we certainly could create that product. But it doesn't come for free, it comes with a added cost into the product that most of our customers aren't willing to pay for.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Pitzer with Crédit Suisse.
John William Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Greg, just a follow-up on the gross margin line. I know that in your prepared comments, you mentioned no 10% customers in the March quarter, but I'm kind of curious, does customer concentration, in addition to the mix towards apps processor testing, influence the gross margin guide for the June quarter? Or is it just simply broad-based demand in apps processor testing?
Gregory R. Beecher: There is -- apps processor is the single item that probably, just given its volume, is the item that's moving our margins to where they were in 2012. And that's the same thing that happened in 2012. And apps processing volume, by its nature, tends to be very compressed. There is only 1 or 2, a very small number of big players who are buying large volumes. So it is compressed in terms of the end customer, whether it's '12 or '14, it's a list of 2 or less.
John William Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: That's helpful. And then Mark, the J750 business has been running at very high levels for a couple of quarters now. I'm kind of curious as to your view on sustainability. To what extent is that being driven by the move from 8 to 16 to 32-bit on the microcontroller side. Do test times goes up? And do you think that you're actually benefiting yet from more connectivity functions on a microcontroller, which should also drive test times up. Just help me understand how we should think about sustainability of the J750 business?
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, I think it's quite sustainable. What's driving it is a couple of things. So embedded FLASH is one driver that, I would say, started last year and persists into this year. The more embedded FLASH in a microcontroller, the long the test time tends to be. So that's a test time driver. Another driver is more A-to-D converters and more precision on the A-to-D converters. Unlike a digital microprocessor or a digital apps processor, microcontrollers have these A-to-Ds and D-to-As and then to communicate with sensors. And more and more, in mobile electronics, the sensor management is being offloaded onto these microcontrollers that may have 3, 4, 6, 7 analog ports to communicate to the sensors. Testing those ports is also a very high-precision and somewhat time-consuming test step. So the more analog sensors is connected to microcontrollers, typically the test time tends to go up. And then the third thing you mentioned, RF, is still to come, I would say. There's been certainly some J750 with RF capability business that's been developing here in the past few quarters, but most of that is tied to, I would say, a future world of microcontrollers used in machine-to-machine communication or wearables. And that's a little further off.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chad Dillard with Deutsche Bank.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: First of all, could you quantify how much do you expect Wireless Test market to decline this year? And then, also regarding your market share, how do you see that unfolding and maybe you could give a little bit of detail on whether you're expecting it to come more from mix improvement or from actual direct capturing from customers?
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, again, I think the size of the Wireless Test market is really a hard one for us to triangulate on. We have roughly, for historical reference, said that we think in 2012, which was a blowout year, the market surged for that $1.3 billion in total. Last year, we said that the market compressed to maybe $1 billion. For the same connectivity and cellular testing, production testing. This year, it's really hard for us to say, but we're probably looking at a number around $700 million, plus or minus $100 million. Most of that contraction coming, as I said earlier, in cellular. Wi-Fi and connectivity seems to be holding up.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then, just regarding the LTE ramp in China, could you provide us a little bit of detail on what the timing you expect? And then also, how much of an incremental opportunity there could be?
Mark E. Jagiela: Okay. Well right now, on the Semiconductor Test side, we are seeing some demand for semiconductor testers for the infrastructure chips that go into the base stations and such, so it's really a leading indicator, as the infrastructure gets built out in China throughout this year. I think on the handset side, it seems that, that will follow more -- my estimate would be 2015. So we're in a infrastructure year, it doesn't drive a lot of the Wireless Test demand from LitePoint, perhaps, next year as handsets start to ramp, then we'll see that come back.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mehdi Hosseini with SIG.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: It's actually Mehdi Hosseini. I have a follow-up question on the Wireless. Even if your revenues were to be down, consistent with the market, down 30%, it would -- it seems to suggest to me that maybe Q3 will be in line with Q4 and then you would see the seasonal downtick in Q4? Is that a fair assessment on how quarterly trend is going to look like?
Mark E. Jagiela: Mehdi, I think the quarterly trend will look similar to last year. The Q4 is certainly the trough. And Q2, Q3 tend to be the peak shipments. So -- because lead times are so short, it's very difficult to be precise here, but I think the patterns of the past will repeat. And we are really just speculating that it could be down 30%. We don't have any great insight. I will add that, in cellular, we gained market share last year. Connectivity, our market share was very strong. So I think that we feel that we can hold up pretty well with our strong connectivity market share and this is an opportunity for us to -- if there isn't a whole lot of cellular buying, to demonstrate our products and secure more design wins in Asia, and that's what we're out doing.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: And then Greg, one question, what should we assume for tax rate? The slides say 18% for the year, but did you mean that Q2 is going to see an uptick and then moderate in the second half?
Gregory R. Beecher: Well, the tax rate, we think for '14, I think we said it last quarter, was 18%. There was this discrete thing that shows up in our GAAP numbers, that we take off for non-GAAP, having to do -- it gets very complicated, but we don't put discrete things in our rate, because those are kind of one-time things that hit a quarter. But on the annual rate, 18%, we believe, is a good estimate. And we said as well that our tax rate is probably going to be mid-20s. And over time, we will get there. We will obviously look, are there other planning things we can do to get a better result. But at least for this year, you should use 18%.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. So on a pro forma basis, it is 18% for Q2?
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David Duley with Steelhead.
David Duley: Yes, I just had a clarification. Did you say in your prepared remarks that you thought your SOC test orders will be up in the June quarter?
Mark E. Jagiela: No, we didn't.
David Duley: Okay, and then I noticed in your slides, the buy rate you are assuming for 2014 in SOC is about 1%. And at previous peaks, we have seen a much higher buy rate, like 1.5%. I imagine if you go back longer, it's even higher. But versus the recent years, why do you think it will be 1% versus 1.5%?
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, I think in the past couple of years it has been trending down. It is not something that -- we tend to be modeling it conservatively. We sized the business and sized our model revenue to assume a somewhat lower buy rate. In some years, it does snap back. So it's a conservative set of financial sizing assumptions, is what I would say. And we can ride the upside and we always have the manufacturing capacity to ride the upside if it developments.
David Duley: So you don't think there's a structural change in the amount of money that they're going to spend on test?
Mark E. Jagiela: No, I don't think so, but I do think that the capital intensity rate varies by segment. And so, as we discussed earlier, applications processors as a class of devices tends to have a lower average buy rate, than let's say, analog or even microcontroller. So depending on the mix in any given year of what's surging in terms of tooling, you can get aberrations in these sort of average buy rates.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Patrick Ho with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Maybe just going back to the application processor side of things for a second. A couple of years ago, you saw really strong demand from that segment, driven by the introduction of the 28 nanometer node devices. This year we're seeing 20 nanometers. Maybe just looking for longer term, as the industry continues to migrate to like 16 and 14 finFET, do you see new tester buys at every node change for app processors? Or is there a level of reuse that can be implemented with the testers from, I guess, 28 as well as 20?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, I think the main driver for tester capacity is unit growth more than the nodes. The nodes might create a little bit of an aberration, as yields need to get worked out. So there may be a little bit of extra capacity put in on an immature node, but the testers definitely get reused across multiple nodes, and I would expect that when finFET 14, 16 comes along, the main driver of extra capacity will be continued unit growth, more so than the immaturity or something to do with the technology node.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: That's helpful. Going to the analog side, you said that things are picking up and it has been some time since you have seen a pickup in that segment. Could you characterize what's driving it, whether it's the level of efficiency and reuse that's kind of reached its limit with analog testers? Or there is enough of a healthy demand, and I guess unit growth, that's driving these new capacity buys?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, I think it's really unit growth. It's been an anomaly now for about a year. And I think that, finally -- I don't have a good answer for you as to why, but it's now moving back into line with how we normally expect analog to perform with the rest of the market. So I do think it's driven by units and it's now more correlated with what it has been historically prior to 2013.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from the line of Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: I was intrigued by your comments about the leases earlier. What -- how big of a program is that today? How big do you think it gets? And what is the ultimate impact on your profitability?
Gregory R. Beecher: We think for this year, we'll put about $75 million of capital work into leases. And that's much higher than we have ever done in any particular period. But this particular range had made commercial sense based upon a whole set of circumstances. I don't think, if you look at next year or the year after, you'll see anything close to that. I think it will be more along the lines of $10 million a year, which is sort of the run rate we've had in its kind of lowest level.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Is it just the smaller customers that need financial help?
Gregory R. Beecher: No, it's not a set of smaller customers. There is no credit issues, whatsoever. It's a strategic decision by the customer, how they want to use their capital dollars. But I don't want to get into more detail than that.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay, and what is the impact on you from the profitability point of view, selling a system versus leasing a system over time?
Gregory R. Beecher: Basically we recognize revenue and profits slower. Instead of shipping a product and getting the sales and profits upfront, we're going to recognize it over a longer time period. So our surge or our revenue growth this year doesn't have the full value of those testers. It only has maybe 6 months, 9 months, 3 months. It only has a partial period of that revenue in our P&L. So in truth, it's actually a much stronger surge when you factor in $75 million, this is, again, our book value, $75 million book value we are putting in on testers. So it is a fairly strong start to the year.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: So I assume this is on the SemiTest side?
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes.
Operator: There are no further questions.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Great. Operator, then we are going to conclude today's call. And thank you all for joining. If you have questions, please reach out and we'll get back to you. Thanks so much.
Mark E. Jagiela: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew J. Blanchard - Vice President of Corporate Relations Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director Mark E. Jagiela - President Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: David Duley Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division John W. Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Jack Sheng - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Vernon P. Essi - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Toni, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Teradyne Q4 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Blanchard, you may begin your conference.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Thank you, Toni. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our soon to retire Chief Executive Officer, Mike Bradley; President and incoming CEO, Mark Jagiela; and our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for the fourth quarter as well as our outlook for the first quarter of this year. The press release containing our fourth quarter results was issued last evening, and copies are available at teradyne.com, where this call is also being simulcast. We're providing slides on the Investor page in the website that may be helpful to you on following the discussion. Those slides could be downloaded now or you can follow along live. If you don't see the download icon, simply refresh the page. In addition, replays of this call will be available via the same page about 24 hours after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release, as well as our most recent SEC filings for a complete description. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we'll make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We've posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. They are available on the Investor page of our website. Also between now and our next conference call, Teradyne will be participating in an Investor Conference that's hosted by Stifel Nicolaus, Goldman Sachs, Susquehanna and Bank of America. Now, as you know, the rest of the agenda. First, Mike Bradley will comment on 2013 and Teradyne's position as we enter the new year. Mark will then provide a deeper look at our performance in 2013 and an early view of 2014. Greg will then offer more details on our annual and quarterly financial results along with our guidance for the first quarter. We'll then answer your questions and you should note that we intend to end this call after 1 hour. Mike?
Michael A. Bradley: Good morning, everyone. I'm going to limit my remarks today to a short wrap up of 2013 plus a quick retrospective on how we've positioned the company for the future. As Mark will officially be taking over the reigns in about a week, I will leave the 2014 part of the story to him and to Greg, who will give you the financial perspective. 2013 is a good example of what we've done to make Teradyne more resilient in the volatile markets we serve. In a year of significantly reduced CapEx in our major markets, we've delivered a solid bottom line, improved our market share, launched a series of new products and improved our customer satisfaction levels. We exit the year at a higher trough than in last year's cycle and end at 2014 with expectations of a healthier climate, but still some uncertainty of how sharp a recovery we'll see. Our position across the mobility sector in SemiTest and LitePoint has been strengthened in the last year, buttressed by a very solid foundation in analog and consumer digital applications. As you know, this will be our fourth straight year of above model performance as we continue to outpace what last quarter I called the golden era of tests in the late '90s. This 4-year run has generated a 50% higher operating profit rate of that earlier period and over 3 times the cash flow. All with an average annual headcount at about 50% of the level of the late '90s. Of course, the more important comparisons are the current ones, relative to our industry peers. And I'm very pleased that we've made steady progress in market share, we've moved into the first tier of the broader semi cap equipment companies, and we've integrated some solid acquisitions in the portfolio. As important is the strategic reliance that our customers now place on us in a back end market that has sharply consolidated in the last 6 years or so. I hope that you see our leadership transition as a smooth handoff to a very capable industry veteran and a seasoned management team. Mark has been instrumental in getting us to the point we're at today, and I'm confident that we won't miss a beat in the next chapter. As this is my last earnings call, I do want to thank all of you who followed our progress. And I trust that you appreciate the continued power of our business model. We value the critical eyes you bring to our space and expect more of that in the future. I will say that we will continue to try and give you as straight a picture as we can, at times with a slight bias to caution, but I think that works and that you have us calibrated pretty well. So let me turn it over to Mark for his perspective on our recent results and how things will shape up as we enter 2014. And thanks to you all.
Mark E. Jagiela: Thanks, Mike. I'm going to briefly review our key results from 2013 and paint a picture of how we are looking at 2014. Greg will then provide details on our Q4 results as well as guidance and perspectives on our current quarter. In 2013, we had a significant market share gain in SOC, Memory and Wireless Test, which help offset tougher than expected market conditions. In SOC test, the 2013 market fell to $1.9 billion, lower than the general market forecast of $2.3 billion at the beginning of the year. This was primarily due to a significant drop in CapEx for digital processor test. While 2013 illustrates the difficulty of predicting the market size this early in the year, we do believe that there will be a rebound in the digital segment and the market will likely be in the $2.1 billion to $2.4 billion range. In Teradyne's case, our 7-point SOC market share gain to about 47% helped offset much of the 2013 market decline. It also positions us well for the expected market uptick in 2014. Key design wins in microcontroller, automotive and processor test combined with the strong demand for linear RF testing, contributed to our gains in 2013. As an example, orders for our J750 microcontroller test were more than doubled over 2012 level. Furthermore, a new high-density version of the product introduced last summer ups the frequency and pin count to reach into new applications in the expanding digital test market in China. Our UltraFLEX tester continues to pick up new RF and digital baseband customers. In RF, the platform distinguishes itself with leading low noise performance to improve yields for our customers. In all applications, our unique IG-XL software provides program generation, anti-bug tools that speed the task of bringing increasingly complex, multifunction devices to market. These architectural advantages come from years of close collaboration with early customers which provides the insight to focus on areas with the biggest impact. In memory test, we had a breakout year in 2013, gaining 10 points of share to about 26% in a market that was down slightly to about $450 million. Sales growth was split almost evenly between our Magnum FLASH tester and UltraFLEX high-speed DRAM tester as we added new customers in both segments. Both testers were architected to push the envelope of high-frequency signaling, which is aligned very well with the increasing bandwidth of DRAMs and FLASH for SSD application. Looking forward, we see the memory test market in 2014 to be about flat. However, continued momentum in FLASH test combined with emerging applications in DRAM known good die testing should result in continued share gains in 2014. Turning to LitePoint and Wireless Test. As planned, we gained about 3 points of share in 2013, mainly from our cellular test design wins. However, while it's difficult to get an accurate fix on the Wireless Test market side, our internal estimates are that the overall market compressed from about $1.3 billion to around $1 billion in 2013. There are multiple reasons for this, but the bottom line is that Wireless Test is a relatively new market with volatile dynamic. In 2013, slower than expected adoption of 802.11ac and tester efficiency improvements led to the overall market decline. Looking forward, we see the continued adoption of 11ac with its MIMO and beamforming technologies as well as emerging markets like wearables that use Bluetooth, driving growth. In cellular, LTE and LTE Advanced are another growth engine that drives increasing test modes and calibration. While increasing test productivity will offset some of this growth, we remain bullish on the secular trends and our opportunities in Wireless Test. In Systems Test, the bright spot was an in-circuit board test where orders grew 5%. A new multi-site inline tests were introduced in the last quarter of 2013, is the 2014 story, as we target high-volume automated production line. Defense and aerospace orders were down year-over-year due to an abnormally high order pull-in, in the last quarter of 2012 in advance of the 2013 budget sequester. In HDD, the slowdown in the Q3 sharply reduced the investments in 2.5 inch drive capacity last year. And Greg will provide more color on the HDD business in his remarks. Finally, I'd like to say a few words on our capital allocation strategy. As you know, we've been working on growing the profitability, cash generation and revenue of the company over the past few years. Acquisitions and organic initiatives combined with a disciplined financial model, have been the recipe for transforming Teradyne. We still see plenty of opportunities to grow the company and see near adjacency acquisitions as a key element of increasing shareholder value. In the past, Greg has outlined the position of our cash portfolio and its utilization. While we continue to evaluate strategic investment opportunities, we do see that the strength of our business model, our cash position and optimism for the future allows for some incremental return of free cash flow to shareholders without jeopardizing our strategy. Hence, our initiation of a quarterly dividend as announced in the earnings release. As always, we will continue to assess our cash portfolio and investment process -- prospects to best optimize long-term returns to shareholders. Before turning things over to Greg, I just want to offer a note of thanks to Mike for his 35 years of service to Teradyne, and particularly, the last 10 years as CEO. Under his leadership, the company has been transformed and is now stronger than ever. Anyone looking at the change in landscape of the test business knows it was not a 3-inch putt to pull that off. Working with Mike has been a fantastic experience, and he leads Teradyne on a very strong footing, both financially and strategically. Thank you, Mike.
Gregory R. Beecher: Thanks, Mark. And good morning, everyone. I'll start with a deeper dive into 2013 results and our multiyear performance then offer some perspective looking ahead. I'll then cover the fourth quarter details and first quarter outlook. Starting with 2013, we had revenue of $1.4 billion, non-GAAP EBIT of 80% and EPS of $1.06. Overall, this was solid performance considering CapEx spending for SOC test and wireless test equipment was down quite significantly on the prior year. Despite these strong headwinds, we close our fourth year in a row above the 15% target industry profit rate. The headline story of 2013 is twofold: strong, SemiTest and Wireless Test share gains, and a highly resilient operating model. In SemiTest, our sales were $1,023,000,000, down 9% from a year ago, against a combined SOC and memory market drop of 24%. The SOC test market was down about 27% and the memory test market was down 5%. We gained share in both SOC and memory, bringing our total ATE share to record levels at about 43%, up 6 points from the prior year. In SOC test, the share gains were about evenly split between competitive socket wins and segment shifts in the market. In memory test, the record 10 points of share gain Mark noted was largely in mobility applications such as FLASH and the low-power DRAM. Our other key SemiTest goals were to field new products in analog test, microcontroller tests and low-speed memory test. These goals were accomplished and this new suite of products are now on customer test floors, helping our customers get devices to market faster at the high quality levels demanded of today's consumer products. At LitePoint, we finished 2013 with revenue of $252 million. As Mark noted, LitePoint also gained market share in a down market. In the first full 2-year period in the fold, LitePoint has averaged about $270 million in yearly sales. More than double its 2011 run rate. Over the last 2 years, LitePoint sales have totaled $538 million, well above our original 2-year target of $350 million. This time last year, we outlined major LitePoint goals to grow our position in cellular, 802.11ac and MIMO test, and we accomplished those critically important goals as well. Now, point of system test. It was also not immune to the lower CapEx buying in 2013 and had a down year with sales of $153 million. This sequential drop of $90 million was due to the very steep decline in storage test as 2.5-inch hard disk drive testing demand was dormant. Our key system test goal is to field a 3.5-inch tester for data centers and that was accomplished as planned in the second half. Recall that System Test includes our minerals test and in-circuit test businesses, as well as HDD storage test. Our mineral business continues to operate above model, and our in-circuit test business tightened its cost structure and fielded a new higher throughput in-line product. At a company level, if we now look over a 3-year time period which smooth out the annual buying cycles, we've averaged annual sales of just over $1.5 billion in a non-GAAP operating profit rate of 21%. We're pleased that both our 2014 and multiyear performance continues to place us among the best performance semi cap suppliers. Now, looking into 2014, our playbook remains the same. We'll continue to focus on gaining market share through offering differentiated solutions that provide customers greater throughput and enable them to get their products to market faster. The latter is key as our customers continue to accelerate their product development plans. In SOC, we'll stay keenly focused on mobility, automotive and microcontroller testing as these segments all offer above industry growth. In memory, we expect to continue to gain share as device technology trends, especially higher speed and lower power consumption, favor our Magnum and UltraFLEX test families. At LitePoint, the focus remains on catching the 802.11ac and MIMO RAMs while continuing to expand our cellular test footprint. The global role of LTE continues to offer opportunities for our IQ extreme product line. Also at LitePoint, we're well along in the integration of ZTEC, the small innovative wireless instrument company we acquired early in the fourth quarter. A combination of ZTEC Instruments with LitePoint software allows us to offer LitePoint's ease of use earlier in our customers' design verification test process. This enables an even smoother and faster transition of customers' new mobility products from a lab to high volume manufacturer. This new offering will give customers the best of both worlds -- a flexible, wireless tester in design, and a production optimized tester for high-volume manufacturer. In System Test, storage test is now a recovery and get well plan, which should provide opportunities for better performance in 2014. I should note that the dynamics in this market are a bit in flux as on one side of the ledger, the demand is lower than we projected a year ago and in the other side of the ledger, our sole competitor is in the process of being acquired by a customer. We'll have a better sense of how all this shakes out later this year. Across the company, we'll maintain the steady financial discipline that has enabled our strong multiyear performance. We're coming off a 2013 that delivered very strong gross margins at 56% for the full year. A record. This was driven by a very favorable product mix. The mix of our business in 2014 is expected to be more normal which should bring our gross margin percentage closer to those seen in 2012, about 54% for the full year.  I'll quickly add that we have not and do not see or anticipate any significant changes in the overall pricing environment. We also expect net capital additions to trend up, about 25% in 2014, from the 3-year average of $68 million due to expanded sales opportunities. Now, turning to capital allocation. As Mark noted, we announced the initiation of a quarterly dividend of $0.06 per share with the initial dividend payable on June 2, 2014 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on May 9, 2014. As you have all seen, our operating model has shown its cash generation strength across industry cycles, and this dividend reflects our confidence in the business, our operating model, our growth strategy. We will also continue to remain opportunistic with the funding of the stock buybacks and expect to continue to throw our dry powder so that we have sufficient U.S. cash for attractive M&A that meets our very strict criteria. Before I get to the fourth quarter highlights, I would like to explain that the convertible note is due on March 17, 2014. On that date, we'll pay the $190 million balance off with cash. We'll settle the $7.665 option element for 34.7 million shares over the 65-day trading period beginning on June 17. The mechanics are all part of the structure that was necessarily at the outset to receive favorable tax treatment. When included in the third quarter, we expect our share count exclusive of any buybacks between now and then to be about 260 million shares assuming an average share price over the period of $20. We've included a slide in the presentation on our website which describes this further. Now, moving to the key highlights for the fourth quarter. We had total company bookings of $290 million. SemiTest bookings were $225 million. SOC test orders were $193 million and memory test orders were $32 million in the fourth quarter. SemiTest service orders were $49 million. Wireless Test orders were $18 million. System test orders were $47 million with $26 million of service orders. In the fourth quarter, Semiconductor Test sales were 75% of the total, Wireless Test, 9%, and System Test, 16%. Our book-to-bill ratio for the fourth quarter was 1.0 for the overall company. 1.0 for Semiconductor Test, 0.7 for Wireless Test and 1.0 for System Test. At the end of the quarter, our backlog stood at $362 million, of which 75% is scheduled to ship to be recognized as revenue within the next 6 months. The top line of $285 million was down $148 million, or 34%, sequentially from the third quarter in line with seasonal patterns, and up 15% from fourth quarter of a year ago. SemiTest was $250 million, down $89 million. Wireless Test was $26 million, down $67 million, and Systems Test group was $44 million, up $8 million. We have 1 customer that was more than 10% of the company revenues in the quarter, and one for the full year as well. Within the $285 million of fourth quarter revenue, service was $74 million, up $6 million compared to the third quarter. SemiTest service revenue was $52 million. Total company product lines business was 41% versus 37% a quarter ago. SemiTest product turns business was 45% versus 42% a quarter ago. Memory revenue was $23 million. Moving down the P&L, non-GAAP gross margins decreased to 55% from 59% in the third quarter due to lower volume. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $140 million compared to $142 million in the third quarter as variable compensation flexes down on lower sales. At the operating line, we posted a 6% profit. Our non-GAAP net interest and other expense was $2 million, cash tax expense for the quarter was $2 million and our full year cash tax rate was 13% for 2013 and is expected to be 18% for 2014. Included in our GAAP results is a onetime gain from the sale of an equity investment of $34 million. Cash from operations generate $20 million after capital additions. We ended the quarter with gross cash balance of $1.2 billion. DSO was 50 days, up from 44 days in the third quarter. We expect cash and marketable securities to decrease by $260 million in first quarter as we will be repaying the $190 million face value of the convertible note, and we also paid out annual variable compensation and make tax payments. As noted in the press release, sales for the first quarter are expected to be between $300 million and $330 million and the non-GAAP EPS range is $0.02 to $0.09 on a 196 million diluted shares. The diluted shares are lower than normal because at this profit level, including interest and excluding the convert shares is more dilutive. Q1 guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles, a CEO equity charge, the non-cash computed interest on the convertible debt and includes taxes on a cash basis. Our GAAP EPS range is a loss of $0.09 to a loss of $0.03. The operating profit rate at the midpoint of our first quarter guidance is about 5%. Now moving to the P&L percentages from the first quarter. We expect non-GAAP gross margins to be 49% to 50%. R&D should be 21% to 23%, and G&A should be 22% to 24%. Non-GAAP net interest expense is expected to be about $2 million. So 2013 will go down as a good year and a difficult market. It also positions us very well for 2014 with our strong market share momentum, new product offerings, a very resilient model and a capital allocation strategy that rewards shareholders and supports our growth strategy. I'll now turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Thanks, Greg. Toni would now like to take some questions. And as a reminder, please limit yourself to 1 question and a follow-up.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of David Duley with Steelhead.
David Duley: Just couple of questions from me. Why are you confident that the apps process of business is going to growth in 2014?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, this is Mark. It's something that frankly is hard to predict with any precision, but we do see some advanced tooling being put in place for an anticipated uptick this year. Our visibility on this tends to be 8 to 12 weeks out, but the early indications we see are that the digital processor business in 2014 may have a very similar profile to what we saw back in 2012.
David Duley: Then, I think in the press release, you mentioned that you think things are going to accelerate or I think, on the order front, could you just talk about which segment do you see doing that?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, the most significant one is the one I just mentioned, which is around digital processor, whether that, digital modems or applications processors. But we do see continued strength as well in the microcontroller space and automotive. Those 3 segments. And last year actually, automotive and microcontrollers were strong all year long. That seems to be persisting here into the early part of 2014 and the adder has been the return of applications processors and modems.
David Duley: Okay. Final thing from me is you talked about a mix shift in the business and that how -- that gross margins are going to shift down. Could you just talk about -- is that because the apps processor business is returning, or the customer concentration there? Just talk about why that is.
Mark E. Jagiela: It's 100% due to mix. And our mix looks more like what you might have seen in other periods. I think we're starting off similar to Q1 2012 with a similar gross margin. But as we look later in the year, we see the mix improving, but it's just simply what piece of business in the first quarter versus other quarters. And I made some comments in my remarks to make sure that investors knew there's nothing going on differently in pricing, it's just simply mix.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Ho with Stifel Nicolaus.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: First question, in terms of the Wireless Test business. You mentioned last year that you saw some excess inventory from your customers in terms of the connectivity side. Can you give a little bit of color on how that situation has worked itself out and kind of just maybe a qualitative outlook on how you see that business or that side of the business entering 2014?
Michael A. Bradley: Yes. I think, first of all the Wireless Test business, as I said, is a very volatile dynamic area. So it's a bit difficult to project trends there. But on connectivity specifically, there's a clear movement in what we see coming in 2014 to increase the complexity of the consumer devices as it relates to connectivity. So we've talked a lot about, for example, the transition to 802.11ac, but even within that, there's multiple technology, like MIMO, multiple-in, multiple-out antennas, that allow shaping of the RF signals or beamforming. That's the complexity level that will be entering consumer products over the next couple of years that will drive incremental test need. So last year, what we saw was early adopters had 802.11ac. A lot of -- a half of our shipments were ac-capable, but there was some amount of digestion of prior year shipments and capacity and optimization that offset some of the growth. And the new technologies really start to roll in this year and beyond.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Great, and maybe a follow-up question on the SemiTest side on the SOC front. Obviously, you're right now looking at projected growth in the overall SOC test space driven by the digital application processors. Are you also anticipating some of your share gains that you talked about, I guess, hitting a volume ramp in 2014 as well that will allow you to outperform the overall marketplace?
Michael A. Bradley: ; Yes. So we picked up significant market share in 2013, 7 points of share in SOC test. And as Greg mentioned, half of that we would consider real customer shifting buying to Teradyne and half is a bit due to customers that we don't currently have being abnormally low. So our goals for this year in SOC test were essentially to consolidate and hold the share we gained last year, keep the 7 point share gain at 47% share. That requires us adding some new customers. That's in sight, but as the market grows, we'll grow proportional to the market. In memory test, however, we do have some line of sight there that says the design wins we've achieved in 2013 should continue to propel our share north in 2014. So we are looking to pick up another 2 to 4 points of share in memory in 2014.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terence Whalen with Citi.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: This is a pretty simple question, the higher level question around capital allocation. Can you help us or remind us how much of free cash flow is generated domestically versus internationally? And the more important part of the question is, as you sort of considered changing your capital allocation plan, how do you think about the potential for multiple expansion for the stock as you increase the percentage of free cash flow that's returned to investors? And then, how do you think about it between dividend buyback and M&A?
Gregory R. Beecher: Okay. This is Greg. Our U.S. cash is 50% to 60%. So we have plenty of cash from our ongoing operations to fund the dividend. In terms of what happens to the multiple over time, I think you guys are more expert at that, but we would hope with a dividend, we would attract some new investors, and [indiscernible] nothing else [indiscernible] and a helpful yield to decide. But we'll see that unfolds but we do think it was the right time to do it, and at present, jeopardized our growth strategy. We still believe we can do another quality acquisition like another LitePoint or half a LitePoint but was the right time to do it.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then perhaps, just a rough way to think about the allocation between the competing uses of dividend buyback and M&A, just in a broad, longer term sense.
Gregory R. Beecher: Well, the M&A strategy hasn't changed. Our strategy has been further straightforward. We look for close adjacencies, businesses that will fit very nicely in Teradyne or we can help them grow faster than what they could do on their own. They are more likely going to be some type of electronics test measurement business, they may more likely be in production, high-volume production, but, yes, there could be some situations that are big connections but aren't exactly what I just said. But we look for businesses that have high differentiation and are in profit pools with good growth. And that basically describes LitePoint. And we find 1 or 2 of those companies a year and it's hard quite often to agree upon valuations. So we'll stay the course and if we find something that meets our strict criteria and it's a good fit that we can help grow faster and are across the capital or better, then we'll deploy the cash for M&A.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Crédit Suisse.
John W. Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess, my first question, I'm always hesitant to talk about normal seasonality because there's so much variance around normal, but when you look at the guidance for March, it is about half the sequential growth you guys have seen over the last, call it 3 or 4 years. And I'm just kind of curious to what extent is that a function of the industry still suffering through the excess capacity from last year as we were all too optimistic on high-end smartphones and to what extent of that just perhaps timing of projects this year? And I guess, specifically, what I'm thinking about is the 20-nanometer ramp on the apps processor side and if it's more the latter, what's the implication as we think about June?
Michael A. Bradley: Yes, I think it's really timing. There's nothing significant I think in the March, snapping along at the end of March and is that a signal of something significant happening. But the one thing you've mentioned, for example, process maturity in fabs can drive tooling sometimes, both in excess of normal levels and sometimes earlier. But not necessarily something we see this year. That was something that was a little more prevalent back in 2012. So if we really get back to this year, the timing of new product introductions for consumers and the ramp times of silicon can be a little bit closer to the ramp times of end products because the process maturity there is a little bit firmer, as I would say, this year than it may have been back in 2012.
John W. Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: That's helpful. Then just my follow-up, I'm just hoping to get a little bit of update about customer concentration within LitePoint. I think in 2012, the single largest customer was north of 50%. How did the diversification go in '13? And I'm just kind of curious, has the handset market overall starts to become more diversified, do you expect further customer diversification this year and what's the implications for margins if that happens?
Michael A. Bradley: It only gotten greater diversification and we expect it to continue on that path. We don't break out concentration within a segment but we do it as a total company. But yes, we do have concentration at LitePoint. And we've invested significantly in Asia to grow our penetration in Asian accounts, and we had a good year this year. There's much more we think we can do next year. So we're optimistic as to how we can pan out in Asia.
Operator: Your next question comes from the Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
Jack Sheng - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This is Jack Sheng on behalf of Jim Covello. So my first question is that looking on your order, it looks like the 3-year seasonality for 4Q has been a bit, call it, about up 23% quarter-over-quarter. It looks like at this time you guys saw a pickup of up 7% in 4Q. Can you guys talk a little bit more about what's driving that more modest order growth at the back end of last year and then also does this imply in any way that 1Q can come in more modest relative to historical?
Michael A. Bradley: Yes, I think there is a couple of things you got to look at when you look quarter-over-quarter. One thing is that our third quarter of last year was actually a little bit stronger than some prior third quarter trough. So coming off of third quarter, as a relative reference, actually brings us to a higher baseline, than perhaps we were at in 2012. In SemiTest, that's an example, if you look at actual order dollars year-over-year, we're up significantly over 2012 in the fourth quarter and about where we were in 2011, as we were entering 2012. So I think the SemiTest story is, compared to 1 year ago, we're in a stronger position coming into '14, and compared to 2 years ago, about the same. One significant difference though is in storage test, because the storage test business has been very anemic and the orders there have been lumpy. And almost absent in fourth quarter of last year, on the storage test side, tends to make the company numbers look a bit weaker. But overall, I feel like the momentum we have coming into the year is much better than it was in a year ago. And I think the outlook, all signs right now are for a strong uptick. And what I mentioned earlier, the one thing that's hard to predict, is that going to be on an order basis, something that occurs through the March period or through the April period? Certainly by the time we are sitting here in May of this year, we'll have a very good line of sight as to how big the traditional summer peak will be for both the SemiTest business and the LitePoint business. It's just a bit hard to call the timing right now.
Jack Sheng - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then, I guess, in terms of follow-up, how should we think about your penetration on the cellular side for LitePoint this year? I guess, what are the some of the milestones that you guys are targeting?
Michael A. Bradley: Yes. I think cellular testing is -- has multiple aspects to it. Cellular testing occurs in multiple stages as the phone is manufactured. There is what might be considered verifying that the cellular connectivity is working correctly. There's calibrating the cellular connectivity. There's testing at -- in an over-the-air mode to ensure that it's working in an end-user model. So last year, we made significant inroads in 1 out of those 3 types of testing. So our goals for 2014 are diversified into the other types of cellular testing, those from the technology base that I mentioned and then, also the customer base. Greg mentioned a lot of the effort we're putting into Asia. We expect that to yield dividends here in 2014. So it will be an incremental share gain in cellular is our plan, but the diversity of applications we'll be in -- and customers we'll be in will continue to grow.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Diffely with D.A. Davidson.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: First question for Greg. On the taxes, you talked about how we're going from 13% last year to 18% this year and I think previously, you talked about maybe a mid-20s number for the out year. So first of all, I'm wondering what's driving that? Is it the using up of NOLs or mix shift? And second question on that is, is the mid-20s the long-term rate or is there more after that?
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes. Mid-20s, as of now, is our long-term rate. We'll, obviously, look to do some tax planning, but right now, only that's [indiscernible] is the mid-20s. And at the rate it's going up because, you're right, we are using up some of our favorable tax attributes whether they're NOLs or credits acquired from many, many, many years ago. And those have been used against U.S. income. So our U.S. income in the tax rate is very low because we're using up credits and NOLs. And as those credits and NOLs expire, we will get limited as to how much we can use in 1 year then we move closer to a U.S. normal rate. And our rate offshore is lower, about 10% rate for UltraFLEX and J750 as you put some of that IP in Singapore, but when you blend it all together, it's -- as you said, it's using up these favorable tax attributes.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. Great. And then, Mark you talked about a little stronger momentum this year versus last year. Is that supported by utilization rates at a higher level than they were a year ago as well?
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, when we look at utilization at the end of last year, we did see a significant uptick. So there is -- that's another indicator we'd look at. That's probably not the best indicator but it is positive trend there. So yes, I mean, into the year, the utilization has moved north and that adds to our bullish outlook.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini with SIG.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Going back to the gross margin guide and some of the comparison to 2012, it implies to me that the LitePoint mix may go from 18% in '13 to 17% in 2014. Is that the right assumption? And if so, what -- that would suggest a decline in revenue. So if you could comment on that, and also, how do you see opportunities for LitePoint and tracking? And I have a follow-up.
Gregory R. Beecher: This is Greg. LitePoint continues to perform above the company average of gross margin. So LitePoint's in fine shape. They do that because they have highly differentiated products and solutions. Yes, our margins, looking more like 54% for the year, would be very good performance. So we're not at all ashamed of that. That's outstanding. I think the [indiscernible] you compare it against other years. We had just record performance and sometimes it's because there was no hard disk drive revenue in that period or year. It's all a set of mixed issues. And I think 54% is very consistent with the model that we've put forth.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Let me rephrase the question. This time last year, you were looking at LitePoint with a TAM addressable market of $260 million to $360 million. Can you update us on that time projection?
Gregory R. Beecher: We've discussed last quarter maybe 2 quarters ago, we weren't going to forecast LitePoint any longer because it's been in the company's portfolio for a couple of years now. But we did try to say in our prepared remarks that there's a number of very positive technology trends in the connectivity and the cellular side that increase test time and also obsolete the existing testers. So that should be good for LitePoint. I mean, other side of ledger, as you know, in any test industry, there's productivity and competition, parallel test and how that shakes out in any 1 year is anybody's guess. But we feel good over a multiyear period that LitePoint has good opportunities for growth.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Got it, and then my second question, it seems to me you have a good handle of revenue opportunities for the whole year. Is it just very difficult to guide on a quarterly basis given all the moving parts and we have gone through this for the past 2 years and towards -- to some extent, this is also impacting the stock. The stock has also become more like a cyclical. So to that extent, why not stop providing quarterly guide and just focus on opportunities for the whole year which better, in my opinion, captures your opportunity, and it helps us to get out of these quarterly trends?
Gregory R. Beecher: Okay. Well Mehdi, we recently took your advice in the dividend, so let us think about that piece of advice, okay?
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: All right.
Operator: Your next quarter comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with Cowen Co.
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Couple of things. First on gross margin and second on just longer-term strategy around the business. So Greg, it seems to me that the margin guidance is more related -- margin guidance for March is more related to Systems Test. And if you're talking about comparing it back to -- I think, you said in Q1 2012 and that quarter, System Test is about $100 million, which is up a lot from where it is right now. So, I guess, the question is, a, is that really the issue, and b, is that the type of increase that we can expect to see in Systems Test for March? And then I had a follow on.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes, you definitely understand the numbers quite well. The story is a little bit different but the numbers work out the same. But in the first quarter, think of it as very little LitePoint. LitePoint tends to ramp in Q2 and Q3, and what we see is happening in the first quarter, there's some mix in SemiTest. And this is the digital business which tends to have lower margins but can have good volume and good dollars but starts at a lower percentage. So it's just the mix of the product portfolio.
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. But, I guess, just on systems then, Greg, do you see much change in the System Test revenue?
Gregory R. Beecher: Systems -- I believe systems will have another difficult year, not as difficult as last year. Last year, the storage test revenue was under $25 million, which is hard to imagine, but it was that low after running an average of $125 million a year. So they will do better this year. But I don't think this is going to be the year they'd get back to model. I think we're going to get back to some stable footing this year and then, see a path to model maybe late in the year or early next year.
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Thanks. And then, just sort of a longer-term question. The one seemingly sizeable market that you're not in that you could potentially be in is testing for enterprise SSD. Can you talk a little bit about maybe how large that market could be -- and I know that there's not a lot of standardization in that particular market and that might be what you're waiting for before you really enter that market -- but can you talk a little bit about that and whether that's an opportunity for you?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, SSD testing is, obviously, something we've had our sights on here for a while. It is still a relatively small commercial market, something south of $30 million a year, in terms of business, but it's growing, and it's growing rapidly. And we've been working on a couple pilot programs to adapt our HDD storage tester for that market. I'd say it's too early to call that, in fact, we'll get in alignment there and sort of find a volume and a profit pool that makes sense, but that's one of the things that we'll sort out here in 2014.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar with the Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Two quick questions. One is, can you guys give an update on the competitive situation in Wireless Test and for the 802.11ac opportunities is the same players or are you seeing any new entrants? And then I had a follow-up.
Michael A. Bradley: Yes, I think in Wireless Test, there is really no new entrants or a new competition there. The dynamics going on in Wireless Test, go back to what I said earlier, really center around some technological trends with multiple input, multiple output, beamforming on the one hand, and then customers trying to optimize their existing capacity and reuse it on the other. So there's this tug-of-war between technological growth and trying to reuse capacity as much as possible. That's the thing that was difficult to call last year. That will persist a bit this year, but nothing new. No new dynamics from a competitive front.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. All right. And then as a follow-up, on the SemiTest side, if I look at the SOC test buy rates, in the -- over last several years, it's kind of ranged between like 0.9% to 1.5% but last year in this, it looks like it is more around the 1% range. I'm just trying to a sense of is the buy rate structurally changed that the range is tightened and is now more in the 0.9% to 1.2% range? And do you think this will potentially to go back to 1.4%, 1.5%?
Michael A. Bradley: Yes. I think those are some tea leaves that are pretty hard to read. But last year, I would say it's certainly, abnormally low and off the trend line. And something north -- in that 1.2% area. 1.1%, 1.2% is probably more reasonable but there will be lots of factors that cause that to remain volatile. So in a year, where new lithography nodes come in heavily into semiconductor production will tend to drive it north, the buy rate higher. And years that mature technologies tend to dominate will drive it south. But, I think, on average of around that 1% to 1.2 % range is how we think about the trend.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vernon Essi with Needham & Co.
Vernon P. Essi - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Sort of bottom of the barrel in the Q&A here, but my first question, I think, is an old one and Mark, I think, you even sort of addressed it last quarter, but it's a subject of integrated Test Cell. Obviously, your competitor is making a lot of noise about that. And I'm just wondering if you are seeing any customer interest on this on the SOC side of things and sort of how you feel this may progress over the next couple of years.
Michael A. Bradley: Yes. I'll say a few words on this and elaborate a little bit, but the sure way to think about the Test Cell, testers always get married with either a prober at wafer test or handler -- automated handler at package test. And over the year, so if you think about the tester, the useful life of a semiconductor tester asset can be 7 to 10 years. And during that life, the customers' evolution of devices and package types require them to be able to modularly change in and out a handler to adapt to evolving mix of package types and to evolve to perhaps higher productivity handlers. So the integrated Test Cell has never, in the history of semiconductors, proven to be very interesting. That doesn't mean that in small niche areas where change may be low over many, many years, it couldn't find an application. But for the broad, broad market -- the experiment's been played out over a decade and it's just not applicable. And on the other side of the equation, if you look at -- well, rather than integrate the handler, what if you somehow maintained modularity. But one company could provide that complete package of a tester and handler. And again, as we looked at it, the problem with that is you can't pick a handler technology that is pervasive enough to serve the broad market. Customers need the flexibility of multiple solutions on the handler size. So we've always had that philosophy. We work to put our energy into making it the most adaptable, easy-to-dock tester to a wide variety of third-party handlers and have not tried to overly constrain the customer into a one solution. So I'm pessimistic about that, is an answer for the broad market and kind of our strategy will likely continue down that line.
Vernon P. Essi - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just wanted to dive into one comment that you keep making about seeing demand on the MCU front last year -- microcontroller front last year into this year. Can you give us a profile of sort of where that activity is happening and are there any changes between what was put into place last year versus what you see on the forefront in 2014 from a customer's perspective?
Michael A. Bradley: Yes. A little bit of color. Microcontrollers are pervasive in any consumer product in your home, in your automobile. And one of the things that is emerging as a growth driver -- 2 things. One is China. China is growing dramatically in their consumer product portfolio and microcontrollers proportionately to that growth. So the demand for indigenous capacity in China has been once part of the story. And then the other one, interestingly revolves around secure communication microprocessors and such. So when you look at smart cards for example, smart cards contain a small microprocessor and antenna to transmit secure information in a payment system. In Europe and other parts of the world, they've used chip and PIN cards forever. That technology is set to grow pretty dramatically, it looks like, over the next few years, as that remote secure payment technology finds its way into many more geographies and many more products. We saw a sharp uptick of capacity for that kind of device for the back end of the last year and expect that to continue. And operator, we have time for just one more question, please.
Operator: Okay. Your final question comes from the line of Weston Twigg with Pacific Crest Securities.
Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Just really quickly. First on 802.11ac, you said about half your shipments last year for the Wireless Test segment were 802.11ac-capable, how does that impact your opportunity for shipments this year? Does that dampen then your total market outlook in any way?
Michael A. Bradley: Well, I think it's not a significantly large factor. But this year, probably, 80% to 90% of our shipments will be ac-capable. So some of what has shipped historically will be able to roll forward into the ac world. There's still a significant amount of other capacity, however, that will be upgraded and replaced with ac machine. So it's kind of baked into the overall guidance we've given you. It's not significant, but this is probably going forward, you can think about the world's test capacity as all shipping as ac-compliant.
Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: So the shipped ac-capable tools are still a pretty small competent of the total market?
Michael A. Bradley: In terms of what's installed in the world, it may be, at this point, in capacity terms, 1/3 to half? In terms of what will ship going forward, it will all be ac pretty much.
Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: And then, just another question on the Xyratex acquisition by Seagate. I know you have a new 3.5-inch tester, just -- can you give us a feel for how you believe this impacts the market? Does it reduce your opportunity by eliminating or potentially taking away one customer? Does it help strengthen the adoption rate perhaps with other players given that Seagate is tied up with the Xyratex and maybe speed up the adoption for your product?
Gregory R. Beecher: This is Greg. We'll let you know maybe by the next call. If this is just happening, we need to speak to the customers and figure out what their plans and strategies are. But it's certainly a meaningful development that we need to figure out how to best play in this smaller market.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Great. Thank, everyone, and we look forward to talking to you in the days and weeks ahead.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew J. Blanchard - Vice President of Corporate Relations Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President and Treasurer Mark E. Jagiela - President
Analysts: John W. Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division David Duley Mahavir Sanghavi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jairam Nathan - Sidoti & Company, LLC Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Angel, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Teradyne Q3 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to our host, Mr. Andrew Blanchard. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Thank you, Angel. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our Chief Executive Officer, Mike Bradley; President, Mark Jagiela; and our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for the third quarter, as well as our outlook for the fourth quarter of this year. First, I'd like to address several administrative issues. The press release containing our third quarter results was issued last evening. Copies are available at teradyne.com, where this call is also being simulcast. We're providing slides on the Investor page of the website that may be helpful to you on following the discussion. Those slides can also be downloaded, or you can follow along live. If you don't see the download icon, just simply refresh your page. In addition, replays of this call will be available via the same page about 24 hours after the call ends. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release, as well as our most recent SEC filings for a complete description. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we'll make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We have posted additional information concerning those non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, where available on the Investor page of the website. Also between now and our next conference call, Teradyne will be participating in an investor conference hosted by UBS and Crédit Suisse. Now let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, our CEO, Mike Bradley, will review the state of the company and the industry for the third quarter and provide our outlook for the fourth quarter of 2013. Then, Greg Beecher will provide more details on our quarterly performance, along with our guidance for the fourth quarter. Mark Jagiela will then provide a short overview of some of the technology trends impacting the business. We'll then answer your questions, and you should note that we intend to end this call after 1 hour. Mike?
Michael A. Bradley: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for being with us again today. Let me start with what's been challenging about this year, then I'll give you the rundown on how we're navigating in this climate and how we expect we'll do to the full 12 months of the year. By challenging, I mean that the SOC test market will be down about 25% this year. The memory market will be roughly flat and the wireless device test market that LitePoint serves will be off 25% to 30%. Add to that, a dramatic CapEx reduction in the hard disk drive market for the last 6 quarters, and you get as tight a capital spending environment as we've seen in quite some time. The Semiconductor Test markets, which are tracked closely, prove this point. The SOC test market will bottom at under $400 million in revenues in Q4 and close the year at just under $2 billion in total. And the memory test market will drop slightly in Q4 at an annualized run rate of just under $500 million. While our prior projections for the full year in these markets have called for reduced capital spend rates, the actuals will come in around the low end of our projections. So that's been the challenge. But despite this environment, we'll post some very good results in 3 respects. First, we expect to, again deliver above-model performance for the full year despite the annual revenues that will be down about 15%. The hallmark of our performance over numerous cycles is our ability to deliver good results over the cycle, independent of the ongoing market volatility. Second, we'll post sales at the trough that are slightly better than last year, even though the market trough is deeper this time. And third, we'll have improved our market share position in our 3 major serve markets over last year. Obviously, this third element is a key to having very good results in what's been a tight capital spending environment. Our product portfolio in SemiTest is rolling out as planned with new products this year and our J750 and Eagle test lines for SOC and with a new Magnum product in memory test. Coupled with our UltraFLEX refresh last year, we are offering new product extensions across our core SemiTest business where our install base now tops over 12,000 active systems. As you know, we have cracked into the cellular test space in LitePoint as well this year. So the new product momentum for everything that touches mobile consumer products and the Internet of things is doing well. Now admittedly, our storage test lines have been impacted by the continued softening in PCs, and as a result, we scaled back in that area to navigate in the smaller demand environment. But the total package of company performance will again be quite solid. At this time each year, as the market troughs and as full year market numbers become solidified, the discussion turns to our outlook for next year. Now we'll have a better estimate on the level of recovery we expect when we talk next quarter. While we do expect to rebound, as that has been the pattern over the last 10 to 15 years after an individual year of tighter CapEx. Mark will go into some of the key technology trends in each area, SOC, memory and Wireless Test in a minute, so you have some added perspective on the drivers in each of these markets and how we are positioned. I will end with a reminder that we continue to scan the market for sensible acquisition candidates. Greg will update you on how we want to remain financially capable of investing in assets that will strengthen our core businesses going forward. So let me turn it over to Greg, and then to Mark for their comments today.
Gregory R. Beecher: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Before diving into the details of the third quarter and our outlook for the fourth quarter, I will take a few moments to recap the broader picture behind our strategy and finances. Our overall strategy has 2 main elements. First, continue to grow share profitably in our core test markets by developing great products, while still maintaining strict financial discipline; and second, to use these hard-earned profits for the best possible return for our shareholders. Let me begin with the first component. We decided, about 5 years ago, that we needed to have financially healthy test businesses, based upon the industry realities. It became clear that the secular growth rates, and the ability to move market share, had both moderated with the maturing and consolidation of the ATE industry. These industry realities required a very different model, with each business unit and function knowing their part of the larger financial picture. For example, each unit knows they must self-fund annual raises with productivity gains. It also requires very careful selection of the test segments that we focus on, only those segments where we can use clever design to differentiate from our competitors, and where the end market trends are favorable. Thus, our focus on mobility in both IC and consumer device end products and our deselection of some of the PC-centric markets. That's why this year, despite lower customer buying in our major markets, we're on track to deliver our fourth consecutive year of greater-than-the industry-model operating profit rate of 15%. Looking over a longer time period, since 2010, we have averaged a 24% operating profit rate and generated $1.1 billion in free cash flow. Even with the 2010 recovery excluded, since 2011, our average operating profit rate is 22%, and we have had free cash flow of $618 million. An obvious concern with pressing hard on a financial model is a potential adverse impact on new products or customer support. Well, by that scorecard, we're doing just fine. In 2013, based upon strong share gains and SOC and memory test, we are on track to deliver our highest semiconductor ATE market share position in our history. And to top this off, we received first place in VLSI technology's customer satisfaction survey, based on survey responses from SemiTest customers around the world. So customers are voting in favor of both our products and service support with their wallets and also at the ballot box. And as Mike mentioned, our R&D pipeline has delivered a new round of products in semiconductor and Wireless Test that have strengthened our position at existing customers and earned us new ones in 2013. And despite a projected 25% decline in the SOC test market this year, our SOC test revenue is tracking to be down only about 15%, far less than the industry decline. And again, we should exceed the industry target profit rate. A significant portion of this industry decline is in segments where we don't have a presence, such as in PC microprocessor testing. But some of the decline in 2013 was also in the application processors segment where we do have a strong presence. However, we expect this segment to recover in 2014. Moreover, we are well positioned in the segments that offer higher long-term growth potential, such as mobility, automotive and microcontroller, to name a few. I've talked about LitePoint extensively, in the last few calls. So I will quickly summarize 2013 and our outlook for 2014. First, we met our key goal of breaking into cellular test and have expanded our customer base. We are encouraged by the long-term trends and our prospects to gain additional share next year. We don't plan to guide 2014 LitePoint revenue, as it now has been part of Teradyne for 2 years, but you should expect it to perform strongly inside of Teradyne. After a digesting year in 2013, the long-term market drivers of unit growth, new standards and increasing device complexity remain in place. Now coming back to the model. I should point out that it isn't static. When opportunities exist to grow, we up our investment. A good example is at LitePoint, where we significantly expanded our Asian distribution and cellular test engineering capabilities in line with our plans described to you in October of last year. But equally important, when markets change unfavorably, such as an HDD test, we resized our fixed cost structure to reflect those changes. We completed that resizing a few months back. Turning now to the second component of our strategy: using the hard-earned profits for the best possible shareholder return. As you know, we actively look for closely related businesses that offer a rate of return in excess of our cost to capital. Let me reference LitePoint, as the most recent example. Recall LitePoint more than doubled its sales inside of Teradyne in its first year. If you take 2012 and 2013 together, we are on track to deliver about $550 million of additional revenue versus our original 2-year target of $350 million. And to acquire LitePoint, we needed sizable U.S. cash reserves, otherwise we faced unnecessary shareholder dilution, as sellers significantly discount any buyer stock. Going forward, we believe having sizable drive power in the U.S. ultimately avoids diluting shareholders. And while we've grown cash and marketable securities quite significantly since the acquisition of LitePoint, and in the quarter with a total gross balance of slightly under $1.2 billion, our actual total U.S. cash is about $600 million. This is net of $360 million in offshore cash and the $190 million convertible debt principal due in March of 2014. So we're actually operating with a considerably lower level of fully flexible U.S. cash than we've had since before the LitePoint acquisition. We also accept that we may be too opportunistic with our stock buyback program. But for now, we'd rather be opportunistic and cautious in share buybacks, so we have the latitude to invest in growth opportunities without trading off dilution. Of course, there is no predicting if we can find another attractive nonorganic additional size that requires U.S. cash, so we'll continue to evaluate and consider all other options too. So to recap, our play book is to operate an optimized business model, designed for the industry realities, and then to use these hard-earned profits for the best possible shareholder benefit. In our third quarter call with you each year, we like to update our model for the following year. You'll recall that we need about $375 million in quarterly sales to achieve a 15% operating profit assuming normal product mix. We aren't planning any changes to that model this year, however, given our rising profit outlook, our cash tax rate will increase from about 13% in 2013, to upwards of 18% in 2014. Post 2014, we expect this rate to be in the mid-20s. We have included our model in the accompanying slide deck for your reference. Now moving to the key highlights of the third quarter. We have total company bookings of $271 million, down from the second quarter, consistent with seasonal patterns. The top line of the $433 million was essentially flat with the second quarter. We had one customer that was more than 10% of company revenues in the quarter, and our top 5 customers accounted for 43% of our total third quarter sales. Total company product turns business was 37% versus 38% a quarter ago. SemiTest product turns business was 42% versus 48% a quarter ago. Memory revenue was $39 million. Moving down to P&L. Non-GAAP gross margins increased to 59% from 56% in the second quarter due to a very favorable product mix. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $142 million compared to $138 million in the second quarter. The delta was driven by LitePoint sales expense and onetime corporate items. At the operating line, we posted a 26% profit. Our non-GAAP net interest expense and other expense was $2 million. Cash tax expense for the quarter was $16 million and our full year cash tax rate is expected to be 13%. Cash from operations generated $122 million after capital additions. We ended the quarter with a gross cash balance of $1.159 billion, DSO was 44 days, down from 48 days in the second quarter. We expect cash and marketable securities to be flat in the fourth quarter as we are staging long lead-time inventory for 2014 surge demand. As noted in the press release, sales for the fourth quarter are expected to be between $260 million and $285 million, and the non-GAAP EPS range is $0 to $0.07 on 194 million diluted shares. The diluted shares are lower than normal because at this profit level including interest and excluding the convert shares is more dilutive. Q4 guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles, the noncash imputed interest on the convertible debt and includes taxes on a cash basis. It also excludes an expected pretax gain of $33 million from the sale of an equity position in a private company. Our GAAP EPS range is $0.04 to $0.08. The operating profit rate at the midpoint of our fourth quarter guidance is about 4%. Now moving to the P&L percentages in the fourth quarter. We expect non-GAAP gross margins to be about 55%. R&D and SG&A should be 25% to 27%. Non-GAAP net interest expense is expected to be about $2 million. So as 2013 gets closer to entering the record books, it's shaping up to be a good year for us by a down test equipment market. We have a fresh product line-up, and expect to post solid market share gains in SOC, memory and Wireless Test. Across the company, we have a rich engineering pipeline to drive future growth. We are well positioned competitively in entering 2014 and expect higher capital equipment spending for test than in 2013. And our operating model is generating the necessary cash to offer us a broad range of options to grow shareholder value. Now I'll turn the call to Mark for a few comments on some of the technology trends impacting our business.
Mark E. Jagiela: Thanks, Greg. I would like to spend a few minutes outlining our strategy and mobility as it represents about 2/3 of our revenue since the start of 2012. It's no secret that the growth of semiconductors for mobile devices has been a bright spot. From a Semiconductor Test perspective, it drives about 50% of the market today, up from about 40%, 4 years ago. Low power DRAMs, NAND FLASH, image sensors, applications processors, cellular modems, WiFi, GPS, and battery management are just a few examples. Right around the corner are enhanced security devices, more sensors and an increasingly diverse set of wireless protocols. In both Semiconductor Test and LitePoint, the majority of our R&D investments have been aligned to these trends. It's not just the unit growth that's attractive, but also the leading-edge complexity and technical innovation in this space that gives us the opportunity to develop unique test solutions that provide high differentiation for both us and our customers. One example of this is in Wireless standards where complex modulation schemes like 802.11ac and LTE Advanced are emerging. Combining this technology would shortened time to market, almost a vertical production ramps and a near 0 defect quality target puts extreme demands on a tester. Our UltraFLEX provides the total package and leads the market in these applications. It's combination of low-noise signaling, hardware acceleration and an intuitive, almost addictive environment that tames this complexity is what has earned us over 50% share of this growing market. That philosophy is the same at LitePoint and is behind both our leading position in WiFi test and our breakthrough this year in cellular testing. Open up a LitePoint product and you'll see the same innovation applied to making complexity simple in the hands of our customers. By working far upstream with chipset providers, LitePoint harnesses this insight into an architecture of optimized signal generation and measurement modules coupled with performance-tuned software algorithms. Whether it's enabling MIMO, AC or LTE, LitePoint leads. While the LTE and 802.11ac wave is just starting, right behind it are 2 more mobility trends where we are focusing our R&D. One is the emerging market for FLASH with high-speed interfaces driven by multimedia applications and smart devices and SSDs. Our Magnum test system, is winning share because it's architected to meet the needs of FLASH interface speeds reaching up to 800 megabits and beyond without sacrificing any economics. The second trend is advanced packaging for mobile devices, where multiple chips are combined in a single package. In memory, we're seeing growth in low-power DRAMs, which require rigorous at-speed testing at probe before being assembled into these advanced packages. That plays right into the design target of our UltraFLEX tester, which has the speed, accuracy and signal delivery to yield these devices in production environments. All of this is adding up to share gains that will pay dividends in future years. Over the last few years, our SOC share is up about 5 points, memory share is up about 10 points and LitePoint share is up as well. So as Greg noted, we look very carefully at which markets to invest our R&D dollars. The focus on mobility in SemiTest and LitePoint has been very beneficial as we're well aligned to this growing market. We'll continue to use the same rigor that drove that alignment as we look at future investments to attack new market opportunities. Now back to Andy.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Thanks, Mark. Angel, we would now like to take a few questions. And as a reminder, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of John Pitzer.
John W. Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess, my first question is given how difficult a year this has been for the overall market, just a little history lesson, is most of the difficulty this year just a function of coming into the year, there was expectations for high-end handsets to show a lot more growth than they actually did. And I guess, the basis of my questions, I'm trying to get a better understanding of how mix in mobility impacts the overall test market for you guys?
Michael A. Bradley: First half of that John is, yes, it's -- we ended the year at a run rate that was lower than the prior year coming in. And we had a very strong tooling year in mobility in 2012. So if you remember back 3 quarters from now, we were projecting a down market. It actually came in at the low end, a slightly lower than the low end of our range at that point.
John W. Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then just relative to how I think about the test TAM if all the growth in mobility is going to start to come at the lower end of the market? How does that impact the size of the market in your guys opinion?
Mark E. Jagiela: I don't think the growth of low-end smartphones really has a big positive or negative impact on the test TAM. This was a year to digest a tremendous amount of capacity that was put in place in 2011, so as that has all worked its way out and the cellphone market and mobility keeps growing, we think that next year, we'll get back to a bit of a more normal market environment.
John W. Pitzer - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Helpful. And then guys as my follow-up, can you just talk a little bit about sizing the AC opportunity on the connectivity side? How big do you think that test opportunity is, and as we think about the quarterly patterns for next year around AC, when do you actually start to see some more significant ramps there for you?
Mark E. Jagiela: That's all tied -- a lot of it is tied to product introductions that incorporate AC, high-volume product introduction. So it's hard to prognosticate, which particular quarter that might affect, but one of the things to keep in mind is, in 2013 this year, although few mobile devices have an AC embedded in them, about half of the testers that we ship, will have -- will be AC capable. So there's already some amount of tooling going on for future proofing testers to enable them to test AC in the out years. There's is still an install base that will need to be upgraded, but it's not 100% turnover when the world moves to AC.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri.
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: First question, can you give, Greg, of the $207 million in SemiTest orders, can you break them up by SOC and memory?
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes. The SOC, $172 million; the memory, $34 million.
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Great. Then can you talk also about what happened in Q4 to the SOC market. It seems like it's about half of what you thought it would be when you guided 3-or-so months ago. Can you maybe talk a little bit about what specifically happened in Q4 that caused it to be so low, and why that's going to change going into Q1, because typically Q1, as you know is -- it's up like 40% in the last 4 years average from a booking's perspective, and I'm wondering, could what happen in Q4 change that dynamic headed into Q1?
Michael A. Bradley: Tim, I don't think it was just a Q4 phenomenon, but you are correct that the market is at a lower run rate in the fourth quarter -- I'm talking about SOC now -- run rate than it's been since the fourth quarter of '08. So a chunk of it was fourth quarter decline, but certainly, at least half of it was a lower rate as we came into the year. And I think it's just the digestion period here just continued on through the year. Now -- so yes, the market is lower than we would have had if we had come in the full year at about $2.2 billion rate. I think the other side of that coin is our trough position is higher than it was a year ago. And our second half incoming order rate is higher than -- will be higher than it was a year ago. So lower market, better performance and as we come out of the trough, we are in a better position than we're last year at this time.
Gregory R. Beecher: I'll add one thing quickly, the part of the market that impacted us the most was the application processor segment, where there was a very large buying in 2012 and that was the digestion that took place in 2013. We believe in 2014 that market will come back and we'll have a good amount of business in application processor segment.
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Great. I just -- on the question I asked, so do you think it's reasonable to expect that bookings would come back in March to the same degree that they have seasonally in the last 4 years, up 40% or up 50% something like that, I mean, it's hard to say, but I'm just wondering the range?
Gregory R. Beecher: We have no reason to think seasonal patterns won't hold. We have no greater insight other than just looking at past seasonal patterns and they seem to play out year after year.
Mark E. Jagiela: But the one thing I will add to that, though, is it kind of correlates seasonally, but the real driver are new product introductions of our customers. So if there were early-year announcements of new products that tends to drive Q1 bookings sharper versus later-in-the-year announcements would push that out a bit, that's the key thing.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jim Covello.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First on LitePoint, understanding Greg, you don't want to guide specifically to that segment revenue anymore. How much of -- but just qualitatively of the growth you're going to expect into next year -- how much growth do you think is going to come in connectivity versus handset does?
Gregory R. Beecher: Jim, most of our growth would come from cellular test. We have very high share in connectivity test. Of course, we can get some more, but we have a very strong position there in connectivity. So the opportunities for us will remain cellular test for the next several years.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And you don't see the connectivity market growing so much that, that would be the bigger opportunity, it's more of the share gain on the handset does?
Gregory R. Beecher: Well, we focus much more on we could control. We know the market, maybe -- who knows where it's going to be next year. We really don't know. We know AC, at some point, will drive some buying, but we don't know when, as Mark mentioned. So there -- and MIMO is going to drive some buying, so there's some favorable trends, but what we set our sights on are cellular tests because that greenfield for us where we have some big break-ins but there's some other opportunities that are very significant and we have a very strong offering. So that's what we're doing and we'll see what the connectivity market does next year, but again, we have very strong share and a good position in that market.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then, as a follow-up if I could just ask on memory. I have asked this before, but just maybe get an update relative to some of the new capacities that's now being added on the front end within memory. Do you think your orders in memory are going to be driven by the testing some of the new capacity or is it going to be more technology transition based in 2014?
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, I think that we expect to be able to continue to increase our share based on the technology trends I talked about, which are high-speed interfaces and known good die for DRAMs, but overall, I don't expect the market for memory test to grow very much even though there's a lot of fab capacity being added. So it's kind of a flat $500 million market. We picked up 10 points a share. We think we can pick up additional share next year based on the technology trends.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jagadish Iyer.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Two questions, Greg. First if I look at your SemiTest revenues, and if I look at the last 2 years, we have seen that -- we have seen the third quarter was starting to be weaker after peak in second quarter, but this year, this seems to be a little bit different. Is there anything that we can glean into this one, please? And then I have a follow-up.
Gregory R. Beecher: I'm going to pass that one off to Mark. Do you want to take that one, Mark?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. I think the only thing -- well, Greg alluded to this earlier, but what's unique about 2013 compared to last year, for example, or the year before, was the applications processor tooling that occurred in the second and third quarter of the prior 2 years was really absent this year and that's what sort of skewed the numbers this year compared to the last 2.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Fair enough. And secondly, when you bought LitePoint, we were all under the impression that there is going to be some kind of a secular growth. Can you remind us now, having seen how the connectivity has shaped up in terms of your long-term growth rates for this particular segment? I know you don't want to go specifics in to -- in terms of guiding for LitePoint, but how should we be thinking about it given the dynamics between your share gains in cellular test as well as how the connectivity market is shaping up in terms of longer-term growth rates that one should be thinking about?
Mark E. Jagiela: Okay. I'll take that one. The overall cellular and connectivity test business that LitePoint participates in has been dramatically growing for the past several years. This year was sort of the first year that in recent years has been kind of an optimization and digestion year of all of that capacity. Long-term for both unit growth point of view and technology evolution point of view, it's a growing business, it's a growing TAM, but any given year, it's so tumultuous around how customers may be focused on optimization versus technology buys that it's hard to call any given year, but long term, we see the trends all positive.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I want to go back to the LitePoint, it seems to me that maybe some of the challenges that has prohibited you from providing any forecast is maybe lack of diversification in customers especially on the cellular side. Can you help me -- or can you elaborate on it? And I have a follow-up.
Gregory R. Beecher: We don't have that many cellular customers, but we have multiple. But that's not what is causing us not to give guidance. We just think it's a mistake to give guidance for LitePoint after it's been in our fold for a couple of years. It's had spectacular growth. It's way ahead of any plan and any 1 year, depending upon what wins the day, whether it's productivity digestion or the positive trends, that can move the market in any 1 year quite a bit. What we are confident on is that we can continue to grow market share for the next some number of years. We don't see anything in our way that would stop us. So we are much more focused on market share and we don't truly spend time trying to figure out what the market size is going to be next, because it does not really change what we do. We have focused on what accounts we're going after with what products and what teams are supporting those accounts.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Got it. And I was surprised to hear that memory spend or memory market could be flat next year. Because I was under the impression that the DDR4 and low-power DDR3, would require an upgrade or refresh cycle, what is it that I'm missing?
Mark E. Jagiela: It's the -- for years and years, the memory market has seen both unit and bit growth, but not test or TAM growth. And the 2 trends you talk about, this year for example, we've seen reasonable tooling for DDR4 already occurring. And despite that the market's going to come in at about $500 million. And for the low-power DRAMs, the real shift that's occurring isn't the fact that low-power DRAMs are going into mobility, but they're moving more and more from package-on-package type applications to bare die. That's the technology by the shifts, final test -- testers to wait for probe. And so it's, again, a shift of the sort of emphasis of where the testing occurs and not so much of growth on the total tester market.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: And if I could just ask one quick question for Greg. Of the Semiconductor Test equipment booking, what was the services portion?
Gregory R. Beecher: Okay. Of the semi services bookings, almost -- give me one second. I'll get back to you in a minute. I can't -- I don't have it right now.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Number one, either Greg or Mark, can you talk about the competition in the wireless LitePoint space especially with, like, [indiscernible] National Instruments seems to be making some inroads?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, I don't want to get into any one specific competitor, but it's certainly a very robust competitive space. And with the market going through both technological change and digestion of capacity, it provides opportunities and challenges for everybody to find the growing spaces. Now LitePoint has had a unique approach to the market compared to just about any other competitor by having these purpose-built, production-focused products for the market. They don't come from a heritage of building lab equipment and then trying to optimize them for production, they go right at the heart of production test. So that's been the unique position we've had in the market, but the competition is tremendous and will not, because it's a growing market and because it's attractive, it's not going to change.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. All right. And then in 2014, if cellular test is going to grow for you guys, is it coming from the fact that you're going to get more customers for cellular test or is it going to come from the fact that is going to be increasing test times in the cellular test or is it going to be a function of both?
Gregory R. Beecher: We will be more focused on getting -- increase customers, that's where our sights are targeted. Almost every other factor is a variable that can go in our favor or go against our favor. So if you were sitting in our shoes, I think, you'd be focused on the incremental customers that you are well aligned to with your solution set going after them. And that's exactly what we're doing.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Patrick Ho.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Maybe just as a follow-up to the last question about the cellular side and the Wireless Test business, and I know you mentioned that a lot of it is dependent on your customers' timing. But how do you see 2014 in terms of increasing share and gaining new customers as a contribution to revenues versus the AC adoption in the industry?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, I think as Greg said, most of our growth will come from capturing new cellular business. There's certainly a underlying balloon in the connectivity space around AC, and by the way AC, when you talk about a standard like AC, there's an initial introduction of AC that tends to be fairly straightforward in its implementation and that's what you are finding today in some cell phones, but the standard is immensely complex and has an evolution that drives additional test requirements over its adoption over 10 years. So the AC chips you see today will be very different than the ones you see in 2 to 3 years and require much more sophisticated testing. So that balloon is there, but I would say the emphasis, in terms of the growth, comes more from picking up share in the cellular space.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Great. That's helpful. Maybe going to SOC side of things, for the December quarter, what are you looking for in terms of your outlook for revenues on just the SOC side of the test business?
Gregory R. Beecher: Patrick, we don't get that specific in terms of forecast for semi, but you have our total range for the fourth quarter.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Vishal Shah.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This is Chad Dillard on the line for Vishal. Just wanted to get a little bit more insight into your outlook for HDD test, should we think about the $125 million run rate as being the same or should it be lower given some of the difficulties in the overall end market?
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes. It should be lower and it is lower. A couple of months ago, we resized that business and now it's about $90 million we would need a year to hit a 15% profit target rate, so we did take some meaningful fixed cost actions to get the business in a position that it should be to be able to hit its 15% target.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Got it. And I know you don't provide full on -- in market guidance, but for the next quarter, how should we think about the puts and takes, and where do you see the greatest downside?
Mark E. Jagiela: If you talk about the next -- this quarter, fourth quarter, there's not a lot of disruption that can occur or we see occurring on the downside. So I don't think we see much of anything on that and it's reasonably contained at this point.
Michael A. Bradley: Chad, the contour we think will mirror what we saw last year with Q3 as the low point and new orders coming in at a slightly higher rate and -- but we can't -- we don't know at this point exactly how much difference there is, but the turning point looks similar, #1 and #2, for us it's off a higher base.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David Duley.
David Duley: Just a couple of clarifications. Could you mention -- you mentioned how much your market share was up, could you give us what your market share is in each market, SOC, memory and in LitePoint.
Mark E. Jagiela: I will give you some rough numbers because market share isn't super precise, but roughly speaking, in SOC test, our share is about 45% of that market in total; in memory test, it's about 25% in total; and LitePoint is the most difficult one, because there really isn't a clear picture of the total market, there's no developed infrastructure around that, but our internal view of that is we're somewhere between 25% and 28% of the Wireless Test market.
Michael A. Bradley: Back on SOC, which is the biggest SemiTest market. The market share position at any point in time is a function of segment shifting and from gains or losses in new accounts. And so, at any point where we say our market share is X, there's a plus or minus in there, because a piece of that is segment related. Overall, the segment shifts towards mobility are helping us, #1. But #2, this is gradual account-by-account, socket-by-socket work that we've been doing over the last few years and that's the other piece. Roughly, that's half to half, but if you went from 1 year to the next, and you just -- you could see some movement up or down in our market share. The point here is, the biggest part of the market, which is mobility, we've gained ground in that and mobility has become a bigger piece of it. So overall, we are getting 2 things that go into the market share gain.
David Duley: Okay. And as far as the SOC test market goes next year, it sounds like you guys are kind of qualitatively talking about all your major markets being up next year and that you could plan on gaining share. So maybe give us -- do you think the SOC test market reverts back to the mean, which would indicate probably 15% growth on an annual basis or can you give us some sort of idea what you think the size of the market is going to be next year?
Michael A. Bradley: I think 15% is definitely a possibility because what 15% represents is at a slightly below $2 billion market that gets you to $2.3 billion, so that's very much a possibility. Just a recap of the numbers for the last 6 or 7 years ago, $2.6 billion, $2.4 billion, 2009 is $1.3 billion, a big correction year, but then it's back to $2.7 billion, $2.5 billion, $2.6 billion, and this year just under $2 billion. So 15% is definitely in the cards, higher than that, if it goes back to the sort of the 2.6 highpoint that we've had in the last 3 or 4 years.
David Duley: Just a final clarification question for me. You mentioned you had a 10% customer, was that on the LitePoint side or was it in the SOC test side?
Gregory R. Beecher: We're not going to specify that, but in our annual 10-K, you can see who that customer is if it holds up being 10% for the full year.
David Duley: So same customer as it was last year then?
Gregory R. Beecher: I'm not going to get into that.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Stephen Chin.
Mahavir Sanghavi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: This is Mahavir Sanghavi. Just a clarification question about the bookings -- SOC bookings in the third quarter. What was the split between IDMs and OSAT?
Michael A. Bradley: Hang on, we got that.
Gregory R. Beecher: 63 37 [ph]. We call it specifiers.
Mahavir Sanghavi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got it. So it's 63 IDMs. And then just a follow-on question to that. I'm wondering if you could talk about 2014 -- you talked about application processor driven bookings, I mean, booking and sales to come back. Wondering if you could give us some color on how we should think about in terms of some new process RAMs, 120-nanometer or 20-, 16-nanometer going on in 2014 time frame -- the time frame in terms of how 1 or 2 quarters before we should see production of 20-nanometer or so. And just a question on the LitePoint, on the cellular test business, is it easier for us to model that business out as a function of the LTE unit growth?
Michael A. Bradley: Well, first of all, on applications processors, certainly in 2014, it's likely that there'll be migration to 20-nanometer that doesn't in and of itself drive much of a change in the test capacity demand. The only issue there is if there are yield issues, like there was with 28-nanometer a year ago. It can drive a little bit of overcapacity bind to accommodate the lower yield, but then that corrects itself in the following year. On average, it doesn't really change, so it’s kind of a blip, if anything. So the return to applications processor, yes, it will be 20-nanometer, but it's more driven by unit growth and complexity. On the LitePoint side, LTE is the opportunity that opens up customers to reevaluate their suppliers for cellular test. So as LTE becomes a larger and larger portion of the cell phone market, those are the entry points for LitePoint to get in and demonstrate the superior capability of their product. It's not so much there's something unique about LTE, but it really is the technology change that gives us the entrée.
Operator: Your next question is from Jairam Nathan.
Jairam Nathan - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Just to follow up on the Systems Test business, so you have talked about the Systems Test being $125 million on the industrial side and $125 million on HDD. Do you have a split for how well it will go in the current year and how should we think about that in '14?
Gregory R. Beecher: Okay, I'll take the beginning of that. The Systems Test business includes 3 businesses, of which one is the hard disk drive. This is also a [indiscernible] Business and a Commercial Board Test business. So earlier, and I think in response to a question, we mentioned that the Hard Disk Drive business of $125 million a year is what you needed for 15% profit rate. We resized that down to $90 million. Lowered that fixed cost structure. I think your other question was really about what we think 2014 looks like for Hard Disk Drive or System Test in total?
Michael A. Bradley: The non-HDD businesses have been running. If you put them together, they have been running $130 million, $140 million in top line for the last couple of years, that wouldn't be a bad number.
Jairam Nathan - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay. And my other question was on 2 or 3 competitors have a handler business now and what with LTX kind of going in there. How you think about that -- is it -- do you see, like, competitive advantage with that?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, we've looked at the handler business, as you might expect, for quite some time, and the fact of the matter is in handling, there is a very wide diversity of handler types that customers need to accommodate the wide diversity of package types, and so no 1, or 2 or 3 handlers serves a very large part of the market. And we've taken a philosophy that we need to adapt our product to a wide variety of handlers and be best-in-class at that, as opposed to trying to narrow it down to a sub subset of the market and focus there. The other thing about handling is, it's a pretty low barrier-to-entry business. When you look at it as a business, you see emerging players in far regions of the world like Korea. The profit pools are low and it's very hard to make a profit in that business. And the experiment that's been run for a couple of decades now at Advantest where they've had handlers as part of their portfolio, really hasn't changed anything, strategically, in the market. So again, I don't see that as something in the short term, never say never, but it's not something that we see an attractive place to differentiate.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Tom Diffely.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Earlier you talked about the rising use of wafer level testing, so I was curious if you have seen that on both the memory and the SOC side, and from a tester point of view, how the tester for the more advanced wafer level testing now compares to the final testers?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, it is a trend for both SOCs and memory. From a tester point of view, potentially, you're right. A lot of the capability that existed at final test -- wafer test traditionally was a somewhat cursory straightforward screen and then all of the performance characteristics were tested at final, and there was a diversity there for the test equipment at each node. A lot of that capability's being pulled back now into probe test. And it's not just -- you can't just take a final test tester and now redeploy the probe, you need to have the signal-delivery capability to get the same stability down to a device through a probe interface that you are able to do at a package level. So it is migrating back to an earlier node, is a fundamental shift.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. But in general, are you seeing the times for final test go down because it is more extensive wafer level testing?
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, it's a complex equation, so what happens is, let's take -- when people do known good die testing, it's because they are going to assemble those die into a - some kind of a multichip package. So at wafer test, the test time and the test criteria goes up. At final test, that assembled package that might have 2, 3 or 4 bare die in it also gets tested for performance, and that test time and that complexity is quite large as well. So it's really close to a 0-sum game, possibly a little bit of an adder, because you need to do performance test now in both package and probe.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then finally, where do you think we are in the migration to wafer level testing and where we're going in the next couple of years?
Mark E. Jagiela: It's quite early. A lot of WiFi chips are tested right now -- wafer level package for added known good die level. Memory is just, just starting and SOC as well. The real thing that will unleash that is either the substrate or the TSV stack die economics comes superior to sort of traditional packaging we have today. Once that economic equation can be solved, it will take off rapidly.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time, sir.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Great. Everyone, thank you for joining us today. This concludes the call and we look forward to talking to you in the days ahead.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew J. Blanchard - Vice President of Corporate Relations Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President and Treasurer Mark E. Jagiela - President
Analysts: Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Farhan Ahmad Mahavir Sanghavi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division David Duley
Operator: Good morning. My name is Endrica, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Teradyne Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Andrew Blanchard. Sir, you may go ahead.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Thank you, Endrica. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our Chief Executive Officer, Mike Bradley; Mark Jagiela, our President; and our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for the second quarter, as well as our outlook for the third quarter of this year. First, I'd like to address several administrative issues. Press release containing our second quarter results was issued last evening. Copies are also available at teradyne.com, where this call is also being simulcast. We're providing slides on the Investor page of this website that may be helpful to you on following the discussion. In addition, replays of this call will be available via the same page about 24 hours after the call ends and the replays will be available, along with the slides, through August 10. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release, as well as our most recent SEC filings for a complete description. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we'll make references to non-GAAP financial measures. Additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial missions, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, were available in our website. To view them, go to the Investor page and click on the GAAP to non-GAAP Reconciliation link. Also, between now and our next conference call, Teradyne will be participating investor conferences hosted by Piper Jaffray, Pacific Crest, Citibank and Deutsche Bank. Now let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, our CEO, Mike Bradley, will review the state of the company and the industry of the second quarter and provide our outlook for the third quarter of 2013. Then our CFO, Greg Beecher, will provide more details on our quarterly performance, along with our guidance for the third quarter. We'll then answer your questions. You should note that we intend to end this call after 1 hour. Mike?
Michael A. Bradley: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for being with us again today. As you can see from our release last night, we posted solid results in the second quarter and we're guiding revenues and profits up slightly in the third quarter. The seasonal pattern in the Semiconductor Test cycle gets some of the credit for the uplift so far this year. But we've also had good market share momentum in SemiTest, both SOC and memory, as well as a strong first half showing from LitePoint. We're well above our operating profit model on the quarter and have also now exceeded that model for the first 6 months of the year, offsetting the naturally slower start to the year that we saw. On the longer arc, this is the 16th straight quarter within the black results for us and that's despite the roller coaster of demand that characterizes most of our markets. I should also note that, as outlined coming into the year, we're increasing our R&D investments for long-term growth, so these first half results show the continued resiliency of our model. I'd remind you that we're operating in a CapEx environment that is lower than last year due to less robust spending for mobility applications, which affects both our SemiTest and LitePoint business units. The SOC test market is running about $400 million below the first half numbers of last year, so we continue to expect a lower overall SOC test market for the full year, closer to the low end of the $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion we've outlined in our last 2 calls. Our momentum in SOC test is very good as we've registered back-to-back increases of nearly 40% in bookings through the first 2 quarters of the year. Wireless and power management continue as bright spots, coupled with a very strong surge in microcontroller and digital probe applications. You'll recall that we've introduced the new model of our J750 test system with higher frequency and pin count this year. That new model is up and running and helped us post our best J750 order rate in 3 years and our second highest quarterly total in over 8 years. Memory test has been another bright spot, with our 6-month order total exceeding the 2012 yearly total. As performance requirements in NAND and DRAM increase, we're well positioned with the Magnum and the UltraFLEX M systems. Note that we're expecting the total memory test market to again be in the $400 million to $500 million ballpark, the bottom line being that we should outgrow the market by a good bit this year. At this point, I'd add that in SemiTest, our customer report card hit a notable milestone as we were awarded first place in the VLSI Research Supplier survey. While we've been a top performer in the test sector in the past, this year we topped the ranks of all semicap suppliers, so a good acknowledgment of our SemiTest organization from field to factory on this achievement. Turning to LitePoint. Orders for the first half were just under $200 million, which is down from the $230 million we saw last year. Greg will go into some detail on our LitePoint business, but the lower book level makes sense to us given the aggressive tooling last year, the digestion of those capital additions and the more muted product ramps in the consumer mobility space. We're very pleased to have broken into the larger cellular test segment already this year as that gives us an expanded addressable market going forward. Now our defense business remained steady through the first half despite the downward pressure of the sequester. There, we expect single-digit percentage grow in that business this year with a solid business model underlying it. The only soft spot in the portfolio is in storage test, where tooling for both 2.5 inch and 3.5 inch drives is very slow. While we've achieved production bias this year in the 3.5-inch space with the new platform, the capacity at horizon is pretty cloudy. So we've gotten more pessimistic about revenue levels in that sector as the year has progressed. In summary, the trajectory of our top line is good, albeit, against some headwinds in market size, and the performance in the bottom line continues to stand out. The new product rollouts are tracking to plan, our R&D pipeline has been strengthened, and our market share position should stand up well through the year end. On balance, a good set of results at the halfway pole. Now let me turn it back to Greg.
Gregory R. Beecher: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to start by providing some additional perspective on 2013 at the midway point before I cover the second quarter highlights and third quarter guidance. First, 2013 is shaping up to be another solid year for us. While it's running under some of the earlier year, full year analyst forecast, we're solidly on track to exceed our 15% industry target profit rate for the fourth year in a row. Since the start of 2010, we've averaged a 23% operating profit rate and generated $981 million of cumulative free cash flow. Our combination of an optimized business model designed for the industry realities and highly selective new growth investments, where we can use technology to differentiate, continues to work very well for us. In the short term, we expect the normal seasonal patterns to occur as much of our demand is tied to annual consumer cycles. As a quick reminder, in the last 3 years, after strong first halves, our third quarter SOC test bookings have declined from the second quarter levels between about 20% to 60%. That's why we're modeling the SOC test market this year to be about $2.2 billion. We provided a slide that illustrates the seasonal pattern in the earnings call presentation available at the Investors section of our website. Stepping back, Mobility remains our largest driver, albeit with demand down from the torrid pace a year ago. In the second quarter, we registered very solid demand in microcontroller and digital wafer sort testing, bringing our first half J750 bookings to over $110 million, our highest first half demand since 2010. Wireless Test also had another solid quarter, bringing its first half bookings to just under $200 million. And memory test is showing greater demand after a very low 2012, with first half bookings over $70 million. On the other side of the ledger, hard disk drive demand remains essentially dormant and isn't expected to bounce back this year. Our focus in this business is getting our new tester for 3.5-inch cloud-based storage completed and accepted. Recall in SemiTest, most of our demand is tied to IC unit growth, which is forecast to increase at a compounded rate of about 8% per year over the next 3 years. New semiconductor device technology such as FinFETs, 3D NAND and EUV, by themselves, do not obsolete our installed base or drive increased engineering investments on our part. However, we do expect to see some benefit from these technologies as advanced processes are naturally less stable and test is critical to wean out new defects. Test seconds also tend to rise with these denser, more complex devices. Offsetting these factors, of course, are tester efficiencies such as parallel tests, which to date, has kept the annual SOC tester market at an average of about 2.5 billion over the last 3 years. Looking ahead, some analysts models have growing SOC test capital intensity, and hence, SOC test market size in the coming years after being flat for the last 3 years. So we're not sizing the company's fixed cost, assuming a larger market size, we're very well positioned to take advantage of this growth should it happen. Elsewhere in SemiTest, there are some technology driven buys in RF test due to new standards that require a more complex modulation and increased computer -- computing horsepower. In memory test, we're seeing similar technology buys due to increasing frequencies in both FLASH and mobile and graphics DRAM. These buys often open up market share opportunities and we're capitalizing on them. In microcontroller and imager test, we refreshed the industry standard, J750, with 4,400 sold to date. We've taken the system pin count up to over 2,000, doubled the operating frequency and added more features to shorten the time it takes customers to bring new chips to volume production. These new instruments and software features can be plugged into existing J750s so customers get the maximum leverage from their installed base. As Mike noted, the J750 had its best bookings quarter in 3 years and we have broad adoption of the new J750 in the market. While we have the majority share in the microcontroller market today, we expect to grow that further going forward. Now shifting to LitePoint. I know there continues to be keen interest after a spectacular 2012. So let me get to the key points. First, with our short lead times, it is very difficult to estimate full year results, even at the midway point of the year. That said, quite a very strong start, we expect LitePoint to come in at the low end of our full year range of $260 million to $360 million in sales. Keeping 2013 in perspective, recall that LitePoint sales were $130 million in 2011 and more than twice that level in 2012 at $286 million, driven by record connectivity buying. When LitePoint joined Teradyne in late 2011, we set targets of 160 million for 2012 and 190 million for 2013. So we remain well ahead of those plans. The lower end of the range for LitePoint's 2013 revenue is primarily the result of a smaller connectivity market than last year. It's not too surprising that we're seeing less demand in connectivity after the record year in 2012 as the market naturally digests those large capacity adds. Shifting to cellular test, our first half designing momentum provides a very important beachhead to grow upon. This market entry should help open up doors elsewhere as we're now a proven supplier in high-volume production test. We do recognize the designing cycle can be long and the -- often the initial break-in is as a second source. But we expect cellular test to be a multi-year growth story for us. Stepping back just a bit. Let me describe how we think about the Wireless Test market. In the market, we see very familiar forces at work: increasing product complexity, driving test times up, new standards obsoleting the installed base, and unit growth driving tester demand. Balancing those balloons, so to speak, are the increasing productivity of new testers and more efficient test operations at our customers acting as anchors to tester demand. In any given year, one set of forces can have more or less influence on the market size. In 2012, the head of the investments for dual-band WiFi drove the market higher. This year, digestion of last year's spending and improving efficiencies have reduced the market size. When we look ahead to next year and beyond, we expect the market to grow, as 802.11ac, MIMO, LTE and future standards are more widely deployed and wireless unit growth continues. So overall, we feel very confident that LitePoint, with its production-optimized test solutions, will be a long-term winner in the growing Wireless Test market. LitePoint has been the long-standing innovator, focusing on production test solutions rather than shoehorning a general-purpose tester into focused wireless production test applications. LitePoint was the first to offer a one-box conductivity tester, the first with non-signaling and the first with 4-device testing. LitePoint's DNA is to lead by working very closely with the leading chipset companies and brands, offering a solution set level approach for high-volume production tests. We'll continue driving that innovation very hard going forward. Now before I get into the financial details of the quarter, I'd like to note that we will not be commenting on the various reports from Asia and elsewhere about specific strategic competitions in SemiTest. As you know, we can't speak about any particular customer or what any order may signal. We can, however, simply say that we are well positioned in mobility with our high-end smartphones, low-end smartphones, tablets or the Internet of things. Now moving to the key highlights of the second quarter. We had total company bookings of $474 million. SemiTest bookings were up over $100 million to $362 million. SOC test orders were $319 million and memory test orders were $43 million in the second quarter. SemiTest service orders were $76 million. Wireless Test orders were $87 million. SemiTest orders -- Systems Test orders, excuse me, decreased to $25 million with $8 million of service orders. In the second quarter, Semiconductor Test sales were 68% of the total, Wireless Test 23% and Systems Test 9%. Our book-to-bill ratio for the second quarter was 1.1 for the overall company, 1.2 for Semiconductor Test, 0.9 for Wireless Test and 0.7 for Systems Test. At the end of the quarter, our backlog stood at $519 million, of which about 80% is scheduled to ship and be recognized as revenue within the next 6 months. The top line of $429 million was up over 50% sequentially from the first quarter. SemiTest was $293 million, up $81 million or 38%. Wireless Test was $99 million, up $66 million or almost threefold and Systems Test was $37 million. We had one customer that was more than 10% of company revenues in the quarter and our top 5 customers accounted for 43% of our second quarter sales. SemiTest product shipments increased 50% from a quarter ago. Within the $429 million, service revenue was $66 million or flat compared to Q1. SemiTest service revenue was $50 million. Total company products turns business was 38% versus 59% a quarter ago. SemiTest product turns business was 48% versus 60% a quarter ago. Memory revenue was $27 million. Now moving down to P&L. Non-GAAP gross margins increased to 56% from 55% in the first quarter due to higher volume. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $138 million compared to $131 million in the first quarter as our variable compensation flexes up on higher sales and we had increased R&D spending as planned. At the operating line, we posted a 24% profit. Our non-GAAP net interest and other expense was $2 million. Cash tax expense for the quarter was $12 million and our full year cash tax rate is expected to be 12%. Cash from operations generated $77 million after capital additions. We ended the quarter with gross cash balance just over $1 billion. DSO was 48 days, down from 53 days in the first quarter. We expect cash and marketable securities to increase by about $100 million in the third quarter. As a reminder, we have about $330 million offshore and subject to U.S. tax if repatriated. This will likely grow to about $400 million by year end. We also have convertible debt with a face value of $190 million, which matures in March 2014. Hence, our available U.S. cash is closer to $500 million. We will continue to evaluate nonorganic opportunities that offer entry into a closely related business, which has a growing market and sustainable product differentiation. This is why we keep more dry powder than needed to run our existing businesses. And as you might imagine, cash is by far the preferred currency in any M&A transaction. Having said this, we also recognize that we might not find a new business that meets our strict criteria, so we'll continue to evaluate all of our capital allocation alternatives with a bias to benefiting long-term shareholders. As noted in the press release, sales for the third quarter are expected to be between $425 million and $465 million and the non-GAAP EPS range is $0.39 to $0.49 on 213 million diluted shares. I should quickly add that the non-GAAP EPS accounts for the dilution from the convertible debt net of the call overlay. Q3 guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles, the non-cash imputed interest on the convertible debt and includes tax on a cash basis. Our GAAP EPS range is $0.23 to $0.31. The operating profit rate at the midpoint of our third quarter guidance is about 24%. Now moving to the P&L percentages in the third quarter. We expect gross margins to be 56% to 57%. R&D should be 16% to 17%, and SG&A should be 16% to 17% as well. Non-GAAP net interest expense is expected to be about $2 million. So 2013 looks to be another year of above-model profitability, despite more modest demands in some of our key segments. As you know, we started the year with a major design win in cellular test, which should help pave the way for a multiyear expansion plan. In SOC test, we've refreshed the highly successful J750 product and have multiple installations already. And in memory test, our products are gaining greater traction. So we remain keenly focused on implementing selective growth through technology differentiation while maintaining financial discipline. Now I'll turn the call back to Andy.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Thanks, Greg. Endrica, we'd now like to take some questions. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Timothy Arcuri.
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: A couple of things. I guess, relative to your commentary about LitePoint being at the low end now. If I sort of back into the math, that suggests that the orders during the back half have to be like $50 million to $60 million at most for that business, which is just a bit odd given that your biggest customer or your new customer in that space is -- now finally has some clarity on when they're going to launch these phones. So I guess that's the first question. Then I'm wondering if you can give, Greg, a split of connectivity and cellular of the $87 million in LitePoint orders.
Gregory R. Beecher: I'll start with the second and first, Tim. We're not going to break out connectivity and cellular. We much prefer, going forward, to talk about it as a total, but the cellular break-in was quite significant and we've commented on that before that it was quite meaningful. I'll let Mark take the first part -- first question.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, I think on the order issue, the announcement of the end product is preceded by orders or CapEx. And typically, in the back half of the year, we do see a fall-off, that's the seasonal pattern. So whatever products are being introduced in the fall, typically we've already seen orders for that volume.
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Well, just to kind of follow up on that. I always thought the lead times -- this time around, when you first broke into the business, lead times were a bit longer because they had to build a new test line. And I thought that this time around, lead times would be much shorter because they wouldn't have to build a new line. And so since you saw a big bookings quarter in Q1, I would have expected there would be sort of a follow-on business in advance of this ramp. Maybe that order wasn't related to the ramp and the ramp just got pushed out. So I guess maybe the question is around lead times, have they changed at all.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Tim, I'll take that. If it's follow-on business to an exiting line, lead times tend to be quite short. But if it's a new line, the lead times are much longer. So it all depends. And it all gets tied to new line, existing line and how much capacity. So it varies quite a bit.
Gregory R. Beecher: The last thing I'd stress, it's very hard for us to forecast LitePoint wireless test. As I said in my prepared remarks, even at the midway point. We can get surprise on the positive or even on the negative. So stay tuned. The key thing for us is we focus on cellular test and we've got very good traction there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Krish Sankar.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: It terms of LitePoint being at the low end of the guidance, last year at $286 million, it was all pretty much connectivity. This year, let's see, over the low end at $260 million, how would the split look between connectivity and cellular?
Michael A. Bradley: As we said, we don't want to give any information to competitors, so we're not going to break that split up. We had said that cellular order was meaningful, significant, it wasn't small. So it was an important order but we don't want to quantify it. And we have said some time ago, that we would not be surprised if the connectivity market was smaller, which it is this year. So everything is somewhat consistent from what we've thought. But yes, the connectivity market is a bit smaller than we -- what we might have thought 6 months ago.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: All right. And just to follow up on the lead time question. If into the new product intro on cellular, let's say in September, when do the testers have to be installed by the OEM?
Gregory R. Beecher: Typically, they have to be -- there's lots of qualification runs done leading up to mass production. But typically, the units get installed 4 weeks to 6 weeks before the big ramp.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it, okay. And then the final question, it looks like you're turning down your outlook on HDD. Is there any way to quantify how the HDD revenues would look this year relative to last and how much dollars it's going to be?
Michael A. Bradley: It will be down considerably. If you go back the last 2 years, '12 and '11, we've averaged just over $125 million a year. And that's the number we also need to hit our 50% model profit rate. This year, the demand will be down -- or shipments will be down quite considerably, under $50 million. And the key thing for us as we've talked about is getting into the cloud-based 3.5-inch testers and we expect to have some shipments of those in the second half of the year.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And the under $50 million includes the 3.5 inch drive?
Michael A. Bradley: It does.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mehdi Hosseini.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Going back to the prepared remarks that Q3's SOC test booking could follow seasonal pattern of down 20% to 60%. If I take the midpoint of that and then take in to consideration your commentary on LitePoint and System Test and your backlog, it does suggest to me that Q4 revenues could come in flat. Is that a reasonable assumption? And I'm not asking for guidance. I'm just taking your commentary, looking at the backlog, and making some projection on Q4. And I want to make sure that I'm not missing anything.
Michael A. Bradley: Mehdi, I'll take that. In putting a range of what's possible, if you look at the seasonal patterns, obviously Q4 is the low revenue period. But the seasonal patterns, what happens in the second half is also affected by how much buying happened in the first half. I think you tend to find the falloffs are sharper if the first half was stronger. But there's so many factors that get into these projections. It's we've learned a long time ago that we can't really forecast, so what we do is we forecast our supply line, how long it takes to get certain material and make sure we have capacity to ramp.
Gregory R. Beecher: I think we're really knitting together all of the projections that we started the year with, which was we expected a down SOC market, we expected a roughly flat, maybe at this point now, very slightly, but not significantly of memory market. I think the -- so in the whole SOC and memory space, we're really confirming that our annual projections there of a lower than $2.5 million year in SOC makes sense to us, and a $400 million to $500 million market in memory also makes sense. And that all requires the kind of seasonal configuration that we've seen in prior years.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Sure. So let me rephrase my question. Would the midpoint of your SOC test booking commentary for Q3, which is down 40%, get us to the low-end of the overall SOC market or in other words, $2.2 billion, with the midpoint of SOC test booking?
Gregory R. Beecher: I'll take that. I think the answer to that question. If, in fact, we saw a 40% drop quarter-on-quarter in bookings, the market would probably trend below the Q2.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. So that reinforces my point and maybe as we come out of the seasonally weak Q3, Q4 revenue could flatten out.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes, I think anything is possible like that. We're not -- that's why we're not being explicit in trying to call Q4. So the hypothesis you have isn't unreasonable. It would be slightly different than patterns in prior years. That's all we're saying.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Covello.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This is Mark Delaney on behalf of Jim Covello. I have another LitePoint question. One of the big opportunities in connectivity test when you guys entered that business was the need to refresh the entire installed base for the 802.11ac WiFi refresh, where LitePoint had very strong share. With the strength in your shipments in connectivity test last year, is there still a large proportion of the installed base that is going to need to be refreshed, or is future growth in connectivity test going to be more driven by actual device unit growth?
Michael A. Bradley: Yes, let me take that one. So, yes, there's a large installed base of connectivity test equipment that is not AC capable. At the same time, the new devices that are introduced this year, actually, a very small percentage of the devices that need to be tested are AC capable. So the only point about obsolescence would be, in future years, that installed base will need to be refreshed. But the interesting trend this year is customers are installing equipment that is AC capable, even though the devices they're testing may not have AC in them. So the incremental capacity that's being installed in 2013 will not go obsolete, but all the prior-year stuff will.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Understood, that's helpful. Transitioning from my follow-up to the SemiTest business, I was hoping you could give us an update on the competitive dynamics in SOC test in terms of pricing in market share. Because as you know, the yen has been weaker and then also one of your smaller competitors has been introducing some new products. So how are pricing dynamics and market share trend in?
Michael A. Bradley: I think at pricing, nothing significant has changed there. We haven't seen any major impact from the yen in the sort of competitive environment or on pricing. The share picture for the year has been trending favorable to us. We're, on the SOC test side, up in the first half of the year, 5 or 6 points of share. And in memory, we're up about 10 points of share. A lot of that is because, in the memory side, it's mainly due to real customers shifting to Teradyne products for high-speed DRAM and high-speed FLASH testing. So it's a good, good story in memory, albeit a smaller market than SOC. In SOC, about half of that share gain is due to segments that Teradyne doesn't participate in coming down dramatically, like microprocessors. And the other half is due to real share gains that we've had, real customers shifting business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Satya Kumar.
Farhan Ahmad: This is Farhan Ahmad asking a question on behalf of Satya. I wanted to ask you about your LitePoint business. You had indicated at your last call that there were several deals in the works and you're expecting to see some outcome in July. And I was just hoping if you could provide some commentary on what kind of deals are still out there and if decisions have already been made.
Michael A. Bradley: Well, there's -- there are competitive situations and decisions being made every month. And following up on the large cellular design in that we had in the first quarter, we've certainly been continuing to try to build that momentum into other markets and customers. We've had some additional success there with cellular. But nothing out of the ordinary, the competitive situations play out constantly. Farhan, do you have a follow-up?
Operator: Your next question comes from Stephen Chin.
Mahavir Sanghavi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It's Mahavir. The first question, going back to LitePoint, I was wondering if you could help us with just sizing the market for 2013 and if we assume your market share was about 25% last year, how we should think about your market share this year? And going forward, how we should think about the order market size?
Michael A. Bradley: Okay, I'll take a shot at that. The market this year in Wireless Test is probably down on the order of 15% to 20%, would be our estimate, although it's a very difficult market to be precise in around share, but that's our estimate. Our overall share within that downmarket, we think, is up into -- from what was the low 20s to maybe the mid- to high-20s for the year. So that's the '13 tale of the tape. And as we think about '14, we did see in '13 a lot of digestion around the equipment that was put in place over the past sort of 12-month period, but the dynamics of what's happening in, whether it's handsets, tablets, the Internet of things, testing, is that the complexity of the test environment in Wireless Systems Test is increasing dramatically. So we expect the market to just go back to a growth scenario next year. Inclusion of AC will be more dominant next year. That will involve more extensive testing. MIMO technologies will find its way into more products, that's also more extensive testing. Not only the traditional sort of electrical testing that's done, but more and more over-the-air testing will be needed to optimize these end products for interference, multiple antennas trying to communicate simultaneously. So they see a lot of technological growth in the end products looking into '14 that will return this market to a growth picture.
Mahavir Sanghavi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then as a follow-up, one of your big customers cut CapEx as they noted in their 10-Q file last night. I'm wondering if that's impacting you guys at all. And I mean, not talking to the other customer, but just in general on the LitePoint side, if that has been hurt by CapEx cuts? And does the -- I mean, is it fair to think about 2013 as more of replacement buys and then capacity buys more happening in the 2014 timeframe?
Michael A. Bradley: No, I think, we're not going to comment on any specific customer. But in general, buying is driven by the need to test units. And so the macro budgeting of CapEx, something like a semiconductor fab, might be something that could be delayed in time as an investment. But if a certain number of units need to be shipped, then a certain amount of test capacity is needed to ship those units. And the bulk of what's been installed this year has truly been for incremental capacity, not so much for obsolescence.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vishal Shah.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This is Chad Dillard on the line for Vishal. Just one quick question on just the revenue linearity for 2013. How do you see first half versus second half trending?
Gregory R. Beecher: This is Greg. We've given you obviously the first 2 quarters and you see our guidance for the third quarter and we tried to provide a slide that showed the bookings trend on our website for our largest business, SOC test, which generally shows that the third quarter bookings, because it's tied to the annual consumer patterns, those bookings are down between 20% or 60%. It can range quite a bit. And then therefore that means lower fourth quarter revenue. That's also difficult to be too precise at this point because there's other things that could have some impact on otherwise a normal seasonal pattern. But best we can say right now is we think that normal seasonal patterns will hold. And if there's greater demand, we'll be ready for it. We have stage inventory and parts to respond to any better news than something other than normal seasonal demand.
Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then within Wireless Test, can you talk about margin dynamics and what you see in terms of where you need to be for pricing to gain a little bit of share?
Gregory R. Beecher: I'll take that one. This is Greg. We have gained share this year, so we feel very good about the products that we have, how they're designed and the efficiencies and their throughput, they're production-optimized testers. We're probably unique in that having more of a solutions production-optimized tester with an emphasis added. And we expect LitePoint margins to stay above the company's average. So we think that's going to be intact for many years to come. So we feel good about margins and the product.
Operator: Your next question comes from Patrick Ho.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Maybe first on the SemiTest side of things. Given the, as you mentioned, slower pace of buying last year, as the industry transitions to 20- and eventually 14- and 16-nanometer devices, particularly, for the mobile side of things, do you see a potential step up in terms of new capacity buys? Or is there enough excess capacity or inventory out there from the tester side that those will be utilized first before any new capacity buys occur?
Michael A. Bradley: Yes. So the existing capacity that's out there certainly will be applicable to the 20-nanometer node and below. So it will be transitioned over. On the other hand, unit volume growth and complexity growth will drive incremental capacity. And there's a couple of trends that aren't directly related to the new nodes that affect test, that Greg highlighted a few of them. But one of them is devices start to be stacked more and more, the dyes are stacked, whether that's 2.5-D or 3D stacking, testing at probe becomes a more critical need to get good yield for the stack and not have to throw away a lot of value add. And so that's going to drive a new dynamic in test where probe testing will become a much higher performance test node and require a much more sophisticated system level- type testing strategy to weed out defects. That's kind of where we've been focusing our product development, is making that capability built into our UltraFLEX line of testers. So it's less the nodes themselves. The nodes, for example, 28 nanometers generated some yield issues that required a bit more test capacity that then gets optimized in follow-on periods as that yield gets improved. Similar things could happen, little bubbles like that for 20 and below, but the sustainable driver of demand will be unit growth and then complexity growth.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Great, that's helpful. Maybe second question for me, in terms of the memory test market. We see strength in both DRAM and an emerging NAND at least CapEx build out. Where are you seeing the buys for the memory size, both DRAM and NAND? Or is biased towards one of the 2?
Michael A. Bradley: Okay. It's both sides for us. I think on the DRAM side, it's the Mobility, healthy DDR buying. And on the NAND side, it's the high-performance or higher-speed NAND testing. So we're seen an uplift on both sides. That's what's given us a bit more in business in the first half of year than we had all of last year. So we're intersecting that pretty well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jagadish Iyer.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: So 2 questions. First, on the LitePoint side of the business, I just wanted to understand like while this year you're having a digestion period for connectivity and cellular test starts to improve. Longer term, how mutually exclusive are they? Will they be firing on the same time in, say, in the next 2 years. So we just wanted to understand the kind of the secular growth in the LitePoint part of the business and then I have a follow-up.
Michael A. Bradley: Like I was saying earlier, we think that in the next few years, the increasing number of antennas and the complexity of the wireless standards that will be embedded in mobile devices will drive growth -- unit growth and market growth in Wireless Test. And LitePoint is now positioned well in both -- all aspects of those RF standards. So it's really, if you looked at the phone technology in 2013 and tablets, there's been very slow migration to new standards in those products compared to the prior year. But if we look into '14 and '15, NFC will be pervasive, LTE and LTE Advance with carrier aggregation will come into play. We'll see MIMO technology in tablets and eventually some high-end phones. All of that's going to drive test quality and test coverage issues to ensure end-user experience is as expected.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: And then, Greg, this is a question for you. Given that the LitePoint, you have kind of taken down your kind of estimates for the LitePoint at the lower end. I just wanted to find out how your gross margins are likely to trend for the second half of this year.
Gregory R. Beecher: Sure. Our gross margins at LitePoint will be consistent with our model for LitePoint and above the company average. So LitePoint will do well and we don't want to get any more specific than that in terms of those percentages. But you can see some of the information in our footnote was segment in our 10-Q or 10-K, I think you'll see that LitePoint for the year will operate above the company model.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Duley.
David Duley: Yes, just a couple of housekeeping questions for me. What's -- you've talked about the size of the SOC and the memory market this year. Could you give us a guess of what you think it's going to be in 2014?
Michael A. Bradley: Yes, so this year, it came down -- will be down, we believe, from last year's $2.5 billion, $2.6 billion level. And next year, we think it's going to bounce back probably into that $2.4 billion, $2.5 billion level. The only persistent dynamic change in consumption for SOC is we believe that the microprocessor testing segment in SOC will be very nominal for several years to come. So that piece of the market has systemically gone away, we believe. It's not a segment that affects us per se but it does affect the market to the tune of maybe a couple of hundred million dollars a year.
David Duley: And the size of memory market?
Michael A. Bradley: Memory, well our view is even though memory has picked up a bit here, the trend line -- the first half is very weak in shipments and that the market will probably be in that $450 million to $500 million range next year as well.
David Duley: Okay. And Wireless came in, I think, at $474 million, but your guidance on -- for revenue this quarter I guess is below that. Is there a specific reason? Do you have longer lead time orders or why is that?
Gregory R. Beecher: We had a chunk of service business come in this quarter on an annual contract that gets renegotiated in the second quarter. And that's recognized over a 12-month period.
David Duley: Okay. And when you talk about semiconductor orders being down, whatever the midpoint in your range was that you talked about seasonally, and I guess that's what you're expecting, how should we look at the segments inside your business? Is it all mobility driven, which is kind of why your orders were up I would imagine? But could just talk about the segments? And what would you expect the LitePoint orders to do in the third quarter?
Michael A. Bradley: On SemiTest, the thing that -- if you compare this year to last year, mobility is certainly strong again. RF testing for semiconductors is very strong here in the first half. The other thing that's new this year is the J750 for microcontrollers. Microcontrollers have turned on dramatically, and we've had almost a record level first half unit demand for the J750 product. Now as we look toward the back half of the year, what we've typically seen, certainly in Mobility, is the cyclical decline in third and fourth quarter. And we're not trying to prognosticate anything different than what we've seen historically. The J750's a bit of a wildcard. What happens there in the second half of the year, that one doesn't have the same sort of seasonal pattern that the other Mobility market does. So that one's a little bit more difficult for us to call. And then what we said earlier on LitePoint is LitePoint does have a seasonal pattern that's pretty clear over the year. The second half of the year typically is a slower period for new orders and we don't expect it to be any different. But as Greg mentioned, the dynamics of that market are beyond a few months, very difficult for us to forecast. And we are prepared to respond either way if demand picks up.
David Duley: Okay. Final one for me is, have you seen any incremental improvement in some of the other SOC test segments perhaps tied to PCs or the other markets beside Mobility like analog or anything like that?
Michael A. Bradley: Yes. As I said before, microcontrollers are strong. Analogue is a bit weak relative to last year. So that is an area that's been a little bit weaker. And those are the major sort of segments: Analogue, microcontrollers and mobility. So mobility, strong. If anything, the absence in mobility this year that's more been on the digital applications processor capacity adds, have been down from last year. But the RF test had -- have been about on par with last year.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Great. Well, thank you, operator, and thank you all for joining us today. This concludes the call, and we look forward to talking to you in the weeks ahead.
Gregory R. Beecher: Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew J. Blanchard - Vice President of Corporate Relations Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President and Treasurer Mark E. Jagiela - President
Analysts: Vernon P. Essi - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Mahavir Sanghavi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division David Duley Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Teradyne First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn today's conference over to Mr. Andrew Blanchard, the Vice President of Investor Relations.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Thank you, Christie. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our Chief Executive Officer, Mike Bradley; President, Mark Jagiela; and our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for the first quarter as well as our outlook for the second quarter of this year. First, I'd like to address several administrative issues. The press release containing our first quarter results was issued last evening. Copies are available at teradyne.com, where this call is also being simulcast. We're providing slides on the Investor page of the website that may be helpful to you on following the discussion. In addition, replays of this call will be available via the same page about 24 hours after the call ends. The replays will be a available, along with the slides, through May 11. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release, as well as our most recent SEC filings, for a complete description. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we'll make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure where available on our website. To view them, go to the Investor page and click on the GAAP to non-GAAP Reconciliation link. Also, between now and our next conference call, Teradyne will be participating in investor conferences hosted by Bank of America, Cowen & Company and Crédit Suisse First Boston. Now let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, our CEO, Mike Bradley, will review the state of the company and the industry for the first quarter and provide our outlook for the second quarter of 2013. Then our CFO, Greg Beecher, will provide more details on our quarterly performance, along with our guidance for the second quarter. We'll then answer your questions. You should note that we intend to end this call after 1 hour. Mike?
Michael A. Bradley: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for being with us again today. The overall message today has 2 parts. First, we're moving upward in the semiconductor test cycle, in line with what we expected coming into the year. And second, we're very much on track with the new market and new product initiatives that we outlined to you at this time, last quarter. You can see that our total bookings have taken a sharp step up, increasing nearly 50% over the prior quarter. This is the net change of very strong Wireless Test demand, solid improvement in SemiTest order rate and the usual lumpiness in our Systems Test bookings. Most notable is that we've had a better start to the year at LitePoint than we did last year at this time, with orders about 2.5x the level of Q1 last year and over 4x what we saw just 1 quarter ago. SemiTest is rebounding nicely, with over 40% sequential growth in orders as improved mobility demand has been coupled with strengthening patterns in microcontroller and automotive applications. SOC test is up 35%, while Memory Test saw a 130%-plus increase over the relatively low order rate we had in Q4. I'd also add that in SemiTest, our OSAT demand doubled in Q1, while IDMs and Fabless moved up only 10% sequentially. Systems Test is on a normal, albeit, choppy pattern with much lower defense spending in the quarter compared to the very high bookings picture we reported 3 months ago. So while the trend is positive on many fronts, it doesn't have the record trajectory that we saw a year ago, where SOC test bookings were so front-end-loaded in the year. All of which led to a full year that had 2/3 of its demands in the first half and where customer new product cycles drove our shipment peaks in the Q2, Q3 period. What is noteworthy about our start to this year is a very good hit rate on the strategic new markets we're entering and new products that we're bringing forth this year. On that front, we've made very good headway at the quarter poll. First of all, as I mentioned on our last call, we set a course for 2 new market offensive this year; one in Cellular Test at LitePoint, and one in the 3.5-inch hard disk drive space in our Storage Test unit. I'm pleased to report that we've received production orders in both new markets as of the end of March and are targeting volume ramps for each during the next 2 quarters. Now I can't go into specifics on these orders for obvious reasons, but I am pleased to say that our investments in these 2 important areas are beginning to bear fruit. In our core SOC test business, we're also launching 2 new platforms, successors to our J750 and Eagle Test mainframes. These products are mainstays in the consumer, digital and performance analog test markets. And combined, represent an installed base of nearly 7,000 units on our customers' test floors, 2 of the highest volume products in the industry. We now have orders in place for both of these systems and we'll ramp their production levels throughout this year. I'll note that the new J750 and ETS family members are fully compatible with their predecessors and incorporate important features that deliver higher performance instrumentation, extremely productive parallel test economics, plus test program and time-to-market efficiencies. Mark can elaborate on these if you have questions on these new platforms. As I said at the opening, full year projections are hard to make, given the nature of our markets, combined with our short lead time capabilities. But I will say that the year in SemiTest is unfolding as expected. The SOC market revenue ran at about a $2 billion annualized rate in Q1, and we expect it to move up to a $2.4 billion run rate in Q2. Now that's consistent with our projections for $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion year in 2013, so no changes to our views on that front. The same goes for Memory Test, that looks to be $400 million to $500 million in market size for the year. We're putting slightly more capacity in place for turns business in SemiTest this quarter, as we're seeing some demand materialize with very little notice. And of course, we'll be able to ratchet that in either direction, as we enter the second half of the year. Greg will talk a bit about how we're handling the capacity plan in LitePoint which, of course, has even shorter lead times. So the full story as we enter the second quarter is: SemiTest demand is growing as expected, new products are on schedule and most importantly, our new market entries in Cellular and Hard Disk Drive Test are seeing some early positive momentum. Let me turn it over now to Greg for some further comments.
Gregory R. Beecher: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to first offer some additional perspective on the start to the year and our key annual goals, before I cover the first quarter highlights and second quarter guidance. While first quarter orders of $400 million are up 47%, as Mike noted, the overall mobility demand in SemiTest is starting more slowly than in recent years. This slower start is due to the later timing of some key smart device product launches, along with a natural eking out of greater tester productivity. In contrast to the SemiTest start, Wireless Test is off to a stronger start. This is due to the expansion into Cellular Test, a new market, and 802.11ac demand. So while the short-term demand picture is mixed, we've nonetheless been quite busy on, as I said, are very important annual goals that should strengthen our longer-term position. Moving away from the short-term biorhythms of demand, recall that we're closely aligned to the Mobility and Wireless Test markets. Healthy growth in these end markets is expected over the coming years, fueled by ongoing smart device growth, the growth of The Internet of Things and new end applications, along with new, more complex wireless standards. Now let me move to our key 2013 goals. Starting on the financial side. We, of course, plan to meet the financial model targets that we shared with you in October. These are shown in the earnings calls slide deck on our website. In line with the October plan for 2013, we'll continue to hold spending tight across the company, while we very selectively up our R&D to fuel the next leg of growth. Some of these growth initiatives will begin to contribute to our results later this year. As a quick reminder, we published a model that saw us with the normalized quarterly sales needed to hit a 15% operating profit. You can see that this quarterly revenue of $375 million is below our 2012 average quarterly revenue of $414 million, and of course, this historical revenue does not reflect the increased revenue we expect from our expansion into new markets this year. So as in the last 3 years, we're set up to deliver greater than 15% model profitability. Moving from the financial goals to market expansion plans. First and foremost is breaking into wireless cellular product test in a meaningful way. We estimate the cellular test production market to be between $700 million and $900 million a year, with solid growth from smart devices, the Internet of Things and other new applications, so it's a very important expansion. I should quickly remind you that the Cellular Test margins are expected to operate closer to the company average. Cellular Test is a system-level test, similar in many respects to our connectivity system level Wireless Test business. Cellular Test plans are about double those in connectivity, and new standards such as LTE are driving these test times up. Our cellular test strategy has been to break in initially as a second source, earn our stripes as a reliable supplier and then work more closely with leading customers in delivering innovative test solutions, much like what we've done in connectivity testing. As we noted in the release, LitePoint recorded very significant solid test orders in the first quarter. While customer confidentiality, of course, limits what we can say, this is a very important break in for us in a competitive market that bodes well for LitePoint's future. As to what this means to our early 2013 LitePoint sales range, it's simply too early to provide you with any finer detail. Another new market goal is to enter the 3.5-inch hard disk drive test market in the second half of this year. The test market for 3.5-inch drives is expected to benefit from the ongoing cloud buildout. Our new product test market is on schedule, and similar to how we entered the 2.5-inch testing market several years back, we have customer orders in hand. We expect to see first revenues in the second half of this year. Recall that at about $125 million in annual sales, we should hit our hard disk drive 15% model profit target. So stay tuned for further progress in HDD. And finally, our other key market goals are centered on getting 2 new SOC test products launched and on to customer test floors this year. These products will strengthen our position in analog and consumer digital market segments. Stay tuned for updates on this front as well. So collectively, we have a pretty full plate of activity that will expand our served market by about $1 billion this year, while staying within our existing operating model. This gives us a capacity to continue a steady rhythm of profitable growth in the future. By design, we remain tightly connected to mobility and wireless end markets. Today, mobility product launches from silicon tape-out, to products in the hands of consumers, are considerably shorter than in the past while the defect standards are becoming much tighter. These trends make tests more important than ever. In SemiTest, we're the leader in key mobility building blocks such as RF, power management, application processors, analog and microcontrollers. In Storage Test, we're the leader in mobile hard disk drive test for 2.5-inch and will enter the 3.5-inch cloud storage test market this year. At LitePoint, we're the leader in connectivity testing and have just now broken into cellular test in a meaningful way. Fortunately we can help our customers to determine how to best deploy their test powers, whether at the semiconductors, systems or wireless device level. Across that spectrum, we have hardware and software solutions geared around getting mobility products to market faster at higher quality levels with, of course, the lowest cost of test. So in short, we are well-positioned to ride the ongoing mobility and wireless test growth. Now moving to the key highlights of the first quarter. We had total company bookings of $400 million; SemiTest bookings were $259 million; SOC test orders were $231 million and Memory Test orders were $28 million in the first quarter. SemiTest service orders were $48 million; Systems Test group orders were $32 million with $13 million of service orders. Wireless Test orders were $109 million. In the first quarter, Semiconductor Test sales were 75% of the total, Systems Test Group, 13% and Wireless Test, 12%. Our book-to-bill ratio for the first quarter was 1.4 for the overall company; 1.2 for Semiconductor Test; 0.9 for Systems Test Group; and 3.3 for Wireless Test. At the end of the quarter, our backlog stood at $474 million, of which 80% has scheduled to ship and be recognized as revenue within the next 6 months. The top line of $280 million was up $32 million or 13% sequentially from the fourth quarter. SemiTest was $211 million, up $27 million or 15%, consistent test group was $35 million, down $5 million or 11%. Wireless Test was $34 million, up 37%. We had 1 SemiTest customer that was more than 10% of company revenue in the quarter, and our top 5 customers accounted for 29% of our first quarter sales. SemiTest product shipments increased 23% from a quarter ago. Inventory at $80 million; service revenue was $66 million, a $3 million decrease compared to the fourth quarter. SemiTest service revenue was $50 million; total company product turns business was 59% versus 40% a quarter ago. SemiTest product turns business was 60% versus 40% a quarter ago. And Memory revenue was $24 million, up $14 million from the quarter. Now moving on to P&L quickly. Non-GAAP gross margins increased to 55% from 54% in the fourth quarter due to higher volume. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $131 million compared to $122 million in the fourth quarter, as our variable compensation flexes up on higher sales and we had some increased R&D spending consistent with our model. At the operating line, we posted an 8% profit. Our non-GAAP net interest and other expense was $2 million. Tax expense for the quarter was $3 million and our full year tax rate is expected to be 12%. Cash from operations consumed $50 million after capital additions, mostly due to employee variable compensation payments tied to 2012 performance and normal working capital changes. We ended the quarter with gross cash of $956 million. DSO is 53 days, down slightly from 56 days in the fourth quarter. We expect cash and marketable securities to increase by about $60 million in the second quarter. As a quick reminder, we have $300 million offshore and subject to U.S. tax if repatriated. This will likely grow by about $100 million a year. We also have convertible debt with a face value of $190 million, which matures in March 2014. Hence, our available U.S. cash is closer to $450 million. As noted in the press release, sales for the second quarter is expected to be between $380 million and $420 million, and our non-GAAP EPS range is $0.26 to $0.36 on 212 million diluted shares. I should add that the non-GAAP EPS accounts for the dilution from the convertible debt net of the call overlay. Q2 guidance excludes the amortization of the acquired intangibles, the non-cash imputed interest on the convertible debt and includes taxes on a cash basis. Our GAAP EPS range is $0.12 to $0.20. The operating profit rate at the midpoint of our second quarter guidance is about 19%. Now moving to the P&L percentages in the second quarter. We expect non-GAAP gross margin to be 54%, R&. D should be 17% to 19%, and SG&A should be 17% to 19% as well. Non-GAAP net interest expense is expected to be about $2 million. So we're up to a very solid start in 2013 with a 47% increase in company orders, major design wins in wireless, and storage tests and improving environment in SemiTest in an operating model that is delivering on plan. While we cannot control the size of the market we serve or the trajectory of growth within them quarter-over-quarter, we're focused on implementing our goals to profitably grow the core business while very carefully evaluating new growth opportunities. Now I'll turn the call back to Andy.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Thanks, Greg. Christie, we'll now take some questions. And as a reminder, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Vernon Essi with Needham & Company.
Vernon P. Essi - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Wondering if I could go to one of my favorite topics, Greg, and that's the gross margin. You guided a little bit lower than where you came in, and then on a go-forward basis, obviously, sort of keeping it in line with were you just came in. Are we to assume most of that is due to just the new ramps on the HDD side or are you leaving a little bit of gross margin upside on the table here?
Gregory R. Beecher: The gross margin in the first quarter and the guidance is simply mix. The mix is more favorable than what our model would suggest on a normalized basis. We have very little HDD purchasing -- 0 HDD business in the first half, under $5 million. So that helps the percentage, purchase on the dollars, but helps the percentage. So with our gross margin, invariably, it can move around several points as simply based upon mix.
Vernon P. Essi - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then you mentioned briefly, and not to be that guy that brings up the memory question, but you talked about some activity in memory but it seems like you're keeping -- you're market sizing the same for the year. Can you just discuss sort of what you're seeing out there? We're obviously seeing press in Samsung's looking to other vendors to boost their DRAM needs. Any interesting new developments going on in that market from your perspective?
Mark E. Jagiela: This is Mark, I'll take that one. So the memory market certainly has picked up in the first quarter compared to the dismal levels of that in the fourth of quarter last year. But as we look out across the year, we still see probably a $400 million to $500 million tester market for memory. And the key driver for capacity as will be higher-speed NAND devices. It really obsoletes the installed base. So if there's any upside, it might be the rate which high-speed NAND devices come online that could propel a higher obsolescence. But in general, we're looking $400 million to $500 million.
Vernon P. Essi - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So this is all on the flash side, not DRAM-driven from your perspective, of course.
Michael A. Bradley: Yes. I think DRAM, our view will be about flat with last year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Satya Kumar of Crédit Suisse.
Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: First of all, I was wondering if you could comment a bit about the composition of LitePoint orders in Q1, between cellular and connectivity? And give some thoughts on any additional cellular customer events that you may have later this year?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, this is Mark again. The good news in Q1 with LitePoint was that both on a connectivity side, we saw orders that were strong, in fact, stronger than they were a quarter -- the same quarter of last year. And then on top of that, the break in for Cellular was significant and it was significant to the tune of multiple thousands of units of production capacity. And we absolutely, having just tapped into this $700 million to $900 million market, have other designings in flight for the rest of the year. I'm not going to be specific around any customers, but this is a great validation on the product and we're going to keep pushing forward, as we move forward...
Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then a follow-up on LitePoint as well. You guys have done a terrific job in terms of capturing the market share on the connectivity side and it comes through that on the cellular as well. But your competitors are also trying to respond with their one box testers and what have you on the connectivity side. Can you give a high level overview of the competitive environment on the connectivity side? What do you see out there, what do you think that does to market size the connectivity, market share and your margins?
Gregory R. Beecher: Satya, this is Greg. As you may know, we've had a 1 box solution for some number of years. We tend to be the innovator in connectivity and we hope to do the same in wireless test for cellular. So I do think there are some new products from our competitors that were, I'd say, generations ahead, having implemented 1 box solution years ago, and are continuing to optimize and improve our solutions. So there are certainly folks chasing after our space. We think we'll maintain very good market shares we talked about in the past. So we feel good about our conductivity position.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Chin of UBS.
Mahavir Sanghavi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: This is Mahavir Sanghavi for Stephen Chin. Greg, 1 question about the capacity expansion that you talked about, could you give us some color on what kind of annual or quarterly sales run rate you can now achieve if you added capacity? And then maybe, you can talk -- can you talk about the percentage of capacity that's being added for SemiTest versus LitePoint?
Gregory R. Beecher: Maybe Mark will take the SemiTest and maybe I'll try to take the LitePoint. But you said the percentage of capacity...
Mahavir Sanghavi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: New capacity. What percent of the new capacities for the LitePoint versus SemiTest.
Gregory R. Beecher: Let me do LitePoint first. The demand in the first quarter for LitePoint, for us, the growth over a year ago is 2 pieces. One is cellular, which is a market expansion for us. That's all new expansion. The other growth is 802.11ac. That's why we're up conservatively from a year ago same quarter. If those 2 things weren't there, we'll probably be about flat with the demand on the first quarter. So again, it's technological obsolescence with 802.11ac, drives new tester buys and cellular test is a new market. And I think we're early in some of the technology trends in the Wireless Test business, whether it's LTE, 802.11ac, I think we're going to see more and more testers moving to 802.11ac this year for sure. Let me pause there and see if Mark wants to add.
Mark E. Jagiela: So just on SemiTest, the start to this year the market for SemiTest in the first quarter is roughly $500 million, which is a $2 billion market run rate. But we still believe at the end of the year, the market will be somewhere between $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion. And we've layered into our capacity plan the ability to surge 30% to 40% of our nominal plan to account for an unforeseen spike in demand. And we expect that to comp, we can't time it. That's why we model that into our capacity side. And that capacity is usually positioned 4 to 12 weeks, over a 4 to 12-week span in our future. So we don't try to call the term but whenever it comes, we can search about 30% to 40% north from where we are running at any given point in time.
Mahavir Sanghavi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great and just to follow up, quickly, Greg. So would that be the same kind of number that you would shoot for on the LitePoint side as well?
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes. That would be similar. It can, in fact, even be a little bit higher sometimes because LitePoint has more turns business but it's still in that neighborhood.
Mahavir Sanghavi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Understood. And then one quick question on LitePoint, if you could talk about without exposing of course, any confidential information about the breadth of customers, how many customers did you -- in terms of design wins, how many new customers did you have in the Cellular side and did you have any design wins on the connectivity side?
Michael A. Bradley: This is Mike. Let me maybe put this in a context of going forward. Obviously, this business has some large customers and then a large number of smaller customers. It's not possible for us to get into customer by customer progress. So with regards to what happens in this past quarter, what we wanted to make sure that our investors knew was that we had a production break-in on the cellular side. Going forward, we will likely talk about this as a total market because there is now a foothold for us in both of the markets, and we'll tend to describe what our position is and where our share is moving in that total market rather than breaking it down between connectivity and cellular test.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Covello of Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. First, this is going to be a tough one but if you could project out, to say, 2014, sometime firm (ph) in the future, so it's not really official guidance, what do you think a likely split in LTE test is going to be between connectivity and device test? Or what do you think a reasonable or target goal would be for the split between the 2?
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, Jim, this is Mark. I'm not exactly sure what you're asking but on the LitePoint business, we see connectivity in the $200 million to $300 million range annually. And at the same time, we see cellular, $700 million to $900 million. So that is unlikely to shift dramatically.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And I guess, I was asking your piece of the respective pies.
Mark E. Jagiela: We've always had a strong north of 50% share in connectivity and I think we see that continuing in the future. And then on cellular, we just cracked that market so it's a little premature there to say what we think next year would look like but we've got to play out this year to see how far we can move forward and then we'll probably be in a better position to talk about it.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then if I could just ask as a follow up, in terms of what DPS could potentially look like in a scenario where at some point you get back to the quarterly revenue levels that you saw at the best parts of last year, is the only difference in the EPS at those revenue level's going to be mixed? Or are there other things that would effect what you would be earning at a $575 million revenue level or something like that. Is it mix or are there other factors?
Gregory R. Beecher: Jim, this is Greg. I think you have to look at last year we had a model different than this year's model. This year's model, we need $370 million in the quarter to hit our 15%. Last year is $350 million. So we're spending about $12 million more in OpEx. Some of that goes to LitePoint, some of it goes to the core businesses. One change, year-to-year we published that model back in October, it's on our website as well. Apart from that I think it's probably mix. And I think the mix changes will be similar to what you've seen in the past.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri of Cowen and Company.
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to dive a little more into LitePoint. I know that you don't want to discuss what the exact order split was between cellular and connectivity. But you said that the connectivity orders were up year-over-year. So if that's the case, then you probably did like 45% or 50% and in connectivity because you did 42% last year. Which, if I take the remainder and assume that, that's cellular and then you said that, that represents multiple thousand units and I divide that, I get like an ASP sort of in the $30,000 a system range which is quite a bit lower. I always thought these systems will sell for like $50,000. So Is that math not the right way to think about it?
Gregory R. Beecher: This is Greg. Yes, that math is not accurate. I think the change from last year in bookings is 802.11ac, there's buying for that. 802.11ac was inconsequential last year on the connectivity side. We're seeing much more demand for that now and then there was cellular test. Those were the 2 pieces above last year's demand. But we don't want to get into the price of the product at this point.
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Well, can you give then, Greg, can you just provide the split then between cellular and connectivity in that bookings number?
Gregory R. Beecher: We don't want to do that at this time. We're fearful it could be competitive information. All we can say is it was a very meaningful break-in. We wouldn't be talking about it if it was not significant.
Timothy M. Arcuri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And I guess second question, relative to your commentary about the SemiTest market size, the markets are moving up in Q2 about to where you see the overall market for the year, which would imply not a lot of growth in SemiTest during the back half of the year. I guess, that's a little surprising particularly for you given that there is some capacity buildout that I would have thought that has to be done in Taiwan -- there's a big consumer electronics company moving some production to Taiwan and I thought that your testers would benefit from that. So I guess, is that the market size but then your shares are going to go up during the back of the year? Is it the right way to think about it?
Michael A. Bradley: And I think it's just a little more rough than that. We're not folding in predictions. At this point, we're in the 40s in market share, we hope to keep growing that. The market's lagging last year at this time, so we notched it down. I think we talked a little bit about this last quarter. But I think there's a bit more roughness in our calculations than there is precision around what orders go down when.
Gregory R. Beecher: The only thing I'd add, this is Greg speaking. We'll be very careful, if anything it's directly tie-able to a customer we just can't comment on it. It's very sensitive information. So I think what you're referring to could be directly tied to a customer, so we just can't comment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini of SIG.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I'm not going to bother you with the math on the call but I want to go back to commentary from January when you guys guided to LitePoint revenue of $260 million to $360 million for this year. And I doubt you've made -- can you please update us on this? And then I have a follow up.
Gregory R. Beecher: Mehdi, this is Greg. We did say in the prepared remarks that it's too early in the year to put any finer detail on that wide and rough range, $260 million to $360 million. So we have no update to that. As you'll see we're starting off quite stronger in the first quarter due to breaking of the desired test in 802.11ac. So it's a good start but there's so many questions as to what the second half of the year, how that will unfold.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: So qualitatively and assuming that you've got the cellular, would it be fair to assume that you're at least on a run rate hitting the high end of previous guidance?
Gregory R. Beecher: I wouldn't make that direct conclusion. $260 million to $360 million is the range. It's hard to say where it ends up. I think we're going to know a lot more at the end of the second quarter because a lot of buying that's going to take place is pretty much known by 3 months from now. But we're strategically, the big news is, we've broken to cellular in a meaningful way. What the numbers end up this year to us, frankly, is less important. The key is we're in a much bigger market, broke in. And if you go back not long ago, we acquired LitePoint. We had $160 million and $190 million as our targets. So the $160 million, we did $286 million. Against the $190 million target, we have a range now of $260 million to $360 million. So by any measure it's been a great, great start. Where it ends up this year, we truly don't know. There's a lot of uncertainty with the ecosystem at the moment, even though it's a very strong start.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Got it. And just 1 follow-up on the SemiTest. If I were to look at the historical pattern, it seems like this year has started on a slower slope but it seems like it is more sustainable. Is it a fair way of assessing the current situation? And I'm focusing on bookings, not revenues.
Michael A. Bradley: So think that it's absolutely true that it's a slower start to the year. But I think the one factor in this particular year that's a bit unique is we believe a lot of the new mobility products, end products that drives capacity demand for testers tend to be more second half of the year than they were in the prior 2 years. And so we do think that, as we get further into the year, we will see a bump of demand related to that fact.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Greg or Mike, looks like you guys are doing a great job getting into cellular. And on the connectivity side, you're gaining traction with 802.11ac. Exiting this year, do you think LitePoint revenues would still be weighted towards connectivity? Or do you think there will be even split between connectivity and cellular?
Gregory R. Beecher: This is Greg. I mean, that's a good question. All we can say is our goal is to continue to break into cellular over time, and we've gotten in as a second source. And the challenge for us is to show the customers that we have innovative solutions. So that requires them to change how they do their tests somewhat to fully get the benefit of what we can deliver. So for successful in doing that, then I do believe we can get good growth in Cellular Test going forward. It also helps to have a meaningful break-in in Cellular Test because once this has occurred, there's many accounts around the world that now, we have much more credibility. It's a major reference break-in. So that also helps us in cellular. So I would expect over time our position in cellular should certainly grow more than connectivity. Because connectivity we're already north of 50% market share. So our eyes are set on obviously maintaining connectivity. And we did gain some share last year, by the way. But maintaining that strong engine, we know people are chasing us aggressively, and you're going to hear a lot about that, I'm sure. But we're on offense in cellular tests. So over time, we think cellular test should have higher growth certainly than connectivity, where they intercept, hard to tell.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then one other question is, where do you think your SOC mobile market share is today? And where do you think it ends up being exiting 2013?
Mark E. Jagiela: So just roughly, when we talk about mobile market share, we think about all the variety of silicon in a mobile device, so that's applications processors, it's power management, it's image sensors, it's memory, it's all of that. And roughly, our share now is about 45% of those devices. And exiting the year, we plan to increase that somewhere in the 2 to 4 points.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And this is the SOC -- do you guys have an SOC application across the market share?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Where is that today and where do you think it will be exiting this year?
Mark E. Jagiela: In terms of market share on those types of device?
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, on the APU.
Mark E. Jagiela: On the applications processors, specifically, that's -- it's a swag but it's probably 45% to 50% in that range. It's probably closer to 50% on applications processors.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Diffely of D.A. Davidson.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: I have a question here on LitePoint. Initially, you've got a pretty nice margin increase from that business. It sounds like now you're saying that margins are in line with the corporate average. I'm curious, is it mix or competition? What's changed on the margin front?
Gregory R. Beecher: This is Greg. The comment I made in the prepared remarks is consistent with what we said in the past, is that the new market for us, Cellular Test, the margins are consistent with the company average. And we've also said in the past that connectivity, the margins are a little bit better than the company average. We don't see any change to those 2 statements. Both should continue.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay, okay. You said the combined LitePoint would be at average. It sounds like the blended dollar (ph) is slightly above corporate average now?
Gregory R. Beecher: Correct.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then second question looking at the hard disk drive market, maybe a little bit more about how big the 3.5-inch market is compared to the 2.5-inch market that you currently play in?
Michael A. Bradley: Tom, they've shifted. They've been moving up and down. But the way we're modeling it as the total market for 2.5-inch and 3.5-inch looks to us to be $200 million to $300 million in total. And that's shifted. $100 million, $200 million to $200 million $100 million. Right now we view that the 3.5-inch with the cloud build out is going to be the stronger of those 2. So as you look at the mix -- and maybe it would be, 60-40 or 70-30 in the current year. And that's what's motivated us to move more aggressively on to the 3.5-inch side.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. So more than doubles your market it sounds like.
Michael A. Bradley: Yes. For very rough math, we've said if you incorporate the last couple of years with the next couple of years, we said it about doubles the served market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vishal Shah of Deutsche Bank.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just wanted to clarify the comments you had made last quarter, you said the connectivity market could potentially be down this year. Are you guys still seeing that trend? I mean, given the first quarter performance? Do you think there's some upside to that scenario?
Gregory R. Beecher: This is Greg. I think I said that. The reason I said that was there was such a large tooling last year that what happens with any large tooling is customers optimize that tooling, over a period of time, particularly (ph) when things slowdown and some might even take out tests. So they have techniques to make the testing more productive, and that's why I made that comment. So I think there'll be lower capacity buys. I think the thing that is going to help connectivity which we saw some of it this quarter is 802.11ac, that demand, and that's technological obsolescence. They need a different tester to test 802.11ac. So again I think it's still too early. I still believe, well, that the statements are correct, that the existing testers will be -- greater productivity will be gained from them. But more of the buying is going to be 802.11ac, so it depends how fast people want that new tester for 802.11ac.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: On the cellular test share gains, you mentioned that you already received orders for multiple thousand units of testers. My understanding was that the first year, your opportunity in share gains was in that 3,000 to 5,000 range. So are you seeing greater traction, at that 1 particular customer that you were previously expecting? And then as you think about some of the other customers, you've engaged with them for a couple of quarters now, what's the typical design cycle and when do you start seeing some more results from those other customers?
Gregory R. Beecher: This is Greg. It's a very long designing time, and the reason is this. We're breaking into a market that has some good cellular test providers already. And the reason that we're getting a shot at it is because we've done quite long connectivity with innovative test solutions. So that's helping us get a crack at this market. But it takes a long time to get the correlation done and to get the customers willing to take some level of risk. And typically, when you start and you get the yes, they're going to start with a low-running product. So it's a process that takes a long time and often, at the outset, you have to do the test just the way the other guy does it. You can't fully use your productivity. So I think it's going to take us 1 year to 2 before we really are able to let the horses run that we have. But the key news is we needed a couple of meaningful break-ins. We have those. And now there's much more activity at a whole set of other accounts.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Duley of Steelhead Securities.
David Duley: Real quickly, could you talk about the different segments of the SOC product line and where you're seeing strength on the order rates that were up 42% in the current quarter?
Mark E. Jagiela: Sure. So we talked a little bit earlier about mobility. That's certainly a big part of the order increase in Q1. However, not as strong an increase as we saw a year ago in Q1. But the one area, in addition to that, that's running quite strong right now, and in fact, stronger than it's run for more than 1 year is microcontrollers. The microcontroller market is on the rebound and our J750 product line where we've just introduced our next-generation product there, serves that market. We have a very strong share and that's going to be -- it looks like, throughout the year, a strong market. That's being driven by a couple of things. The traditional microcontrollers segments like automotive are also hot. But there's a lot more wireless going into microcontrollers, whether that's Wi-Fi embedded, Zigbee or NFC, Near Field Communications. And that's also, these mobility applications as they move from high-end smartphones to more pedestrian consumer products is helping us on the microcontroller side.
David Duley: And I noticed you're going to introduce a couple of new products and it seemed like when you talked about the increase of your TAM of your new products, that the SOC products weren't going to increase the TAM. So these are more a protect-the-flag kind of introductions or maybe you can talk a little bit about that?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. The J750 HD and the ETS-800, both of those products serve markets where we have a pretty high market share, somewhere in the 60% to 70% range. So certainly, they're designed to give our current customer base the next level of performance, time-to-market advantage. But we've been moving market share in that space as well over the years, and we do see that the combination of some competitive inroads and customers that traditionally have used in-house equipment to test some of these parts are more and more moving to commercial equipment. And that's actually a place where we're picking up a lot of incremental business. And so, these 2 products play both -- play very well into those spaces.
David Duley: And do you have -- with these new products, do you have some sort of cost -- lowering of the cost metrics that you can share with us, obviously you're introducing a new product so that typically means the cost of ownership is going down. Can you give a gas of metrics about from one product to another, what the cost savings are?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. Typically the way the customer benefits from cost reductions in the new products is increased parallel tests. So from generation to generation, we typically enable doubling the parallelism from the prior generation product. That's true for both J750 HD and for the ETS-800. So now that whole 2x benefit doesn't necessarily mean it sells at the same ASP. So the productivity gains for the customer kind of, 1/2 of the gains go to the customer and 1/2 of it for the results and a higher price tester -- higher cost of tester.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terence Whalen of Citi.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I wanted to come back to the subject of foundries and OSATs and wanted to get your perspective that as the market develops and changes, I wanted to get your perspective on how that will affect your business.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. I think the OSAT trend that we've seen emerge over the past decade really is going to continue to be relentless. And the good news for us in that space is we have a suite of products to offer those customers. The J750 that I just mentioned is a very strong pervasive product, over 4,000 of them deployed worldwide. And the OSATs utilize those not just for microcontrollers, but in the MDM OSAT world, a lot of it is just logic wafer test. It's very well-suited for that. And then as more of these complex -- a lot of the fabless companies that utilize OSATs are actually making some of the leading-edge silicone products in the world. And they're not only very complex devices, they're moving into these 2.5-D to 3D-IC implementations as well. So the OSATs need a test platform that's very versatile in its implementation, can concurrently test our device, it has embedded in it a PMIC, Power Management IC, an apps processor, an RF transceiver. All of these things are how we've been architecting our UltraFLEX product line for years now. So we're very encouraged by the trend. Because we think the flexibility and the time-to-market advantages in the UltraFLEX are very attractive feature for the OSATs.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Great. And then my follow-up question is actually related to that. Specifically, I wanted to understand that as potentially traditional front-end foundries begin to internalize back-end, I want to understand how dealing with these customers would be different than OSATs and how you see that developing and how that might affect perhaps pricing or margins, given that the front-end guys are more concentrated.
Mark E. Jagiela: So I think that's a trend that's been happening for some time. The difference is that the front-end and the foundries are much more technology-driven, in terms of utilizing testers not just for capacity but also as process control. And so they value performance, they value -- and maybe even more so, sometimes in the OSATs. And foundries have a stronger preference when it comes to selecting this capital, in that it has to both serve a capacity need and a technology need. And so I think, if anything, the trend toward foundries is a benefit in that the value proposition of validating process, ensuring known good die for these multi-die assemblies is a much more valuable thing for a foundry that's trying to encourage more customers to technologically outsource. So I think it's potentially a net positive compared to the concentration argument that says, "Boy, that's going to be a tough road to haul."
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Ho of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Going back to the SemiTest side of things for a second, I think you've mentioned in the past that the customers, given the big ramp that they experienced last year, may have a little bit of excess capacity, especially heading into this year. How do you see, I guess, that situation? And whether, I guess, the pickup in demand that we're starting to see right now. Whether that gets absorbed and that will drive I guess the additional buys as the year progresses?
Michael A. Bradley: Patrick, it's Mike , the numbers on it are that the utilization, 3 months -- over the last 3 months has moved up on a mix of products from the mid-70s into the low 80s. So that absorption from last year, all of that installed base that's been put in place is moving up. I think if you segmented that and looked at our systems, you'd see that the UltraFLEX was the product with the highest utilization in that range. So it's moving in the direction we expect it to. But as Mark said earlier, it doesn't have the kind of surge that we had as the tooling took place in the first half of last year. And of course, the obvious question is, well, will it have a back end surge, and no one knows that at this point. But I think the short-term numbers are on capacity utilization, it indicate that it's steadily moving up.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And maybe, and this is I guess, a longer term and maybe looking out into 2014, as we start seeing the next generation of leading-edge devices, particularly at the 20-nanometer node, do you expect to quote new test advice for that? Or are the customers able to, I guess, reuse or utilize or upgrade their current capacity for that next generation node, what are your expectations there?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. A lot of the existing capacity, at least the capacity that's been put in place in the past couple of years will be directly applicable to 20-nanometer. Most of the buying will be incremental capacity driven, not obsolescence.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Operator, we have time to, perhaps, squeeze in just one more question, please?
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Jagadish Iyer of Piper Jaffray.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: So 2 questions, first on the, Mike, you talked about, about $1 billion in some expansion, just likely from the roll out of these new products in these new markets that you're targeting. So how should we be thinking about revenue grab that you might be able to have 12 months from now, as you roll out all these new products and seek these 2 markets?
Mark E. Jagiela: Jagadish, the $1 billion is a combination of the growth in the hard disk drive, which is a smaller piece, and the cellular test for LitePoint. And I think the guidance we can give you here has really been discussed already and that's been around our LitePoint expectations, which are up from originally $350 million over the first 2 years, $350 million in revenues, up into the $550 million to $650 million in total. So that's the best we can do at this point in terms of guidance, as we move out of this year I think we'll have a better picture of what the trajectory we expect, and that will be tied to how much penetration we can get into the cellular space. That will be the biggest piece of the equation. But at this point, it's hard to know that.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Greg, this is a question for you. When can we see some tangible actions from the use of cash now that you remain profitable through the cycle? Can you give us your latest thinking on that? Has anything changed from your prior view?
Gregory R. Beecher: Good question. Nothing has changed from what we talked about over numerous quarters. I did outline in my prepared remarks that, of our cash, there's $300 million-plus offshore that we can't get back without paying taxes, rather high taxes. And there's convertible debt of $190 million due early 2014. So our real available cash is $450 million. So it's not as much as you might otherwise think just looking at our balance sheet. But if you look at over a period of time, we bought back a lot of stock that we bought back between 2006 and 2008, $0.5 billion worth of stock at just over $13. More recently we bought back a smaller amount, being much more patient. So what with the stock buyback program in place, obviously, we're being very, very opportunistic. If you look at how we deploy capital, whether it's LitePoint, Eagle, Nextest, put those 3 deals together, I think you would give us -- most would give us good grades on how we deploy capital. So we're looking at other growth that could have an unfair advantage and carry then that we can grow a company faster. And if we cannot find a company that meets the very strict criteria that we have, then we're back at what do we do with capital allocation. But we don't feel that's a decision we need to make immediately, but it is on discussion with our board. Every quarter, we're talking about the topic. But I would for now, let's just say expect us to stay the course.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Okay. Everyone, thank you so much for joining us this quarter and we look forward to talking to you in the weeks and months ahead.
Michael A. Bradley: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew J. Blanchard - Vice President of Corporate Relations Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President and Treasurer Mark E. Jagiela - President
Analysts: Vernon P. Essi - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Mahavir Sanghavi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sally, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Teradyne Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. Andrew Blanchard, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Blanchard, please go ahead, sir.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Thank you, Sally. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our Chief Executive Officer, Mike Bradley; our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher. And I'd like to welcome our new President, Mark Jagiela. Mark stepped up from his role as leader of the Semiconductor Test Group on the 1st of January. Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for the fourth quarter and full year 2012, as well as our outlook for the first quarter of this year. First, I'd like to address several administrative issues. The press release containing our fourth quarter and full year results was sent out via Business Wire last evening. Copies are available at teradyne.com, where this call is also being simulcast. Note that during this call, we're providing slides on the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion. To view them, simply access the Investor page of the site, and click on the Live Webcast icon. In addition, replays of this call will be available via the same page about 24 hours after the call ends. The replays will be available along with the slides through February 9. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release, as well as our most recent SEC filings, for a complete description. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we'll make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We've posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure where available on our website. To view them, go to the Investor Page and click on the GAAP to Non-GAAP link. Also, between now and our next earnings call, Teradyne will be participating in investor conferences hosted by Stifel Nicolaus, Goldman Sachs, Piper Jaffray and Susquehanna. Now let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, our CEO, Mike Bradley, will review the state of the company and the industry for the fourth quarter and full year 2012, and provide our outlook for the first quarter of 2013. Then, our CFO, Greg Beecher, will provide more details on our quarterly performance along with our guidance for the first quarter. We'll then answer your questions. You should note that we intend to end this call after 1 hour. Mike?
Michael A. Bradley: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for being with us today. I'll start today with a brief recap of 2012 and give you both a view of how we -- how the start to this year is shaping up, plus an outline of what we think would make for a successful 2013 when we're talking with you 12 months from now. As usual, Greg will give you the financial perspective, not just for the near term but more importantly, an overview of how our market and financial strategies will continue to be prosecuted going forward. As Andy mentioned, Mark Jagiela will join in on the Q&A portion of the discussion today. So let me start with a quick recap of the year just finished. The overall numbers continue to be very good. We grew revenues and total profit rate to $1.66 billion and 23%, respectively. I recently noted to our employees that we eclipsed our records from what many considered the golden era of the semi-cap industry. That was the 1998 to 2000 dot-com boom. The shorthand is that while our cumulative top line revenues were 26% lower in the last 3 years than they were in that explosive era, our profit rate was 8 percentage points higher and our cash generation $500 million higher this time around. And we accomplished this with an average annual workforce that was 55% lower than that of the 1998 to 2000 period. Now all of this is to say that the resilience of our business model has been proving itself out now over multiple cycles at the same time that we've latched into some new markets and new growth engines. Greg will spend some time on how the strategy that produced these results will be employed going forward. Back now to 2012. While the total picture was strong, the component pieces were mixed, with an extraordinary performance by LitePoint, a solid showing in our SOC test and defense businesses, a very choppy year for storage test and disappointing results in memory test. We remained in the 40% plus level in SOC test market share, despite a smaller-than-normal market in analog and lower-end digital applications, as the microcontroller and automotive markets were subdued all year. As you know, our SOC test products for mobility applications hit new records in the year, as we've previously reported. But memory and storage test lagged for 6 months in the case of Hard Disk Drive test and really for the full year in memory test. So the very good annual results came from some standouts combined with some slow movers. It's pretty clear that the trough in our business is in the rearview mirror, but the market's rebound off the bottom is short of what we saw last year. You recall that December of 2011 was a sharp turning point led by smartphone- and tablet-driven SOC test bookings, so this means a more gradual recovery in the first quarter and far less than the capacity scramble we were into last year at this time. Now this doesn't change our view of the total SOC test market, which we've projected at $2.3 billion or our view of what needs to happen for us this year with regard to new markets and new products. As I mentioned last quarter, we have 2 important product launches in SOC test, in a J750 and Eagle Test sectors. These are both on plan to contribute this year in markets where we have very strong market share. We're progressing rapidly with the new offering in the hard disk drive space for 3.5 inch drives, a new market for us. And we secured customer commitments already, even though revenues will be lower into the second half of this year. And our efforts to expand LitePoint into cellular testing remain very promising, but we will, of course, hold our cards close for competitive reasons. We do believe we'll make headway on the cellular front this year, opening up a whole new sector for LitePoint. I should note that we're not expecting much of a rebound in memory, so that's more of a wait-and-see arena, but our defense and commercial board test units should make their usual contributions. So despite a slower start to the year than we saw last year, we've got more irons in the fire and are optimistic about how the full year should play out. Now let me turn it back to Greg.
Gregory R. Beecher: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to first offer some perspective on the year just ended and our multi-year performance, before I update you on 2013. I'll then cover the fourth quarter highlights and first quarter guidance and close with some summary comments. So first, looking at 2012. We recorded our third consecutive year of very solid financial performance with sales of $1,657,000,000, a 23% operating profit rate and free cash flow of $285 million. Clearly, LitePoint was a standout performer, having more than doubled its annual sales to $286 million, far exceeding our original $160 million target. I'll come back to LitePoint shortly, but first, let me give you a quick multi-year picture. Over the last 3 years, we've averaged an operating profit rate of 24% and annual non-GAAP EPS of $1.76. We've also generated $963 million of free cash flow. This strong multi-year performance is attributable to our optimized business model and several selected growth investments. On the business model front, we consistently maintained financial discipline throughout the company. We require each business unit to be sized to earn model profits or better over a cycle, and we require that our core businesses steadily grow their market share by targeting attractive segments in which we can deliver a clear product differentiation. We also have some hard-sought advantages over our peers that contribute to our strong performance. For example, we're able to be much more efficient in SemiTest applications engineering, as our software is much easier to program. So while our customers get their silicon to market much faster, we spend far less in application support engineering. We're also able to be much more efficient in SemiTest engineering, as we don't have major overlapping platforms covering the same requirements, so we get more engineering leverage. And we take full advantage of our scale and the value of low-cost regions, whether in back-office functions such as accounting and IT, applications engineering or sourcing. Our strong core business and steady financial discipline provide a solid platform to grow the adjacent markets. This platform provides the dry powder and allows for the necessary management bandwidth to allow us to expand into new, higher growth markets. This platform also is attracted to smaller, faster-growing test companies that are potential acquisition opportunities. As I said in our last call, over 40% of our 2012 bottom line resulted from entering new markets since 2008. So for us, a strong core and selected new growth opportunities go together and is what distinguishes Teradyne. I'd like to now spend a few moments providing some insight into how we execute new growth. Remember first, there is no predicting the timing of any new growth opportunity, but nonetheless, I think it's useful if we give you a sense of how we look at this area. First, for opportunities that meet our growth and profitability targets, which we can address organically, we have a straight-forward process. We work closely with a lead customer to confirm and tease out the new product requirements and differentiation. We then secure the lead customer's engagement with a firm order, and then we execute against a set of milestones. An example of this type of development is in storage test, where we've built a solid business over the last 4 years. Now for growth through acquisitions, we first look at growing markets with meaningful profit pools in closely related businesses. Teradyne's strengths revolve around developing complex test systems requiring tight integration of hardware and software, so naturally, our M&A efforts tend to focus on companies and end markets that demand similar skills. We have strict criteria around sustainable, competitive differentiation. We look for opportunities to build on that differentiation by leveraging our existing IP, our global distribution network, our financial strength or some combination of all 3. Eagle, Nextest and LitePoint are good examples of this approach. On the financial front, for organic or M&A opportunities, of course, we need to at least earn our cost of capital and our hurdle rate we set at 15%. As we pursue growth opportunities, we'll continue to maintain financial discipline so we can generate cash and self fund new growth opportunities or return capital through our stock buyback program, if that is more beneficial for long-term shareholders. We have about $169 million remaining on our buyback authorization. I go through this to remind investors that while we operate in a very dynamic environment, the foundation of our strategy remains steady: a tight business model generating strong free cash flow, coupled with a very disciplined growth strategy. I'd like to now turn to LitePoint, which is at the epicenter of the ever faster and steeper ramps of smart devices. LitePoint grew its sales from about $130 million in 2011 to $286 million in 2012. As you recall, LitePoint testers are at the module and assembled product end, and they do both calibration and testing of the wireless capabilities. LitePoint set records and new product launches and ramped manufacturing four-fold from the prior year peak. And being inside of Teradyne certainly helped LitePoint customers place even more business with them, as well as expand their Asia footprint. LitePoint was also first to market with an 802.11ac production test solution, which is clearly winning in the market. These wins bode well for the future as 802.11ac-based products ramp. In 2012, LitePoint benefited from a growing connectivity market due to smart device growth, some large program buying and the addition of the 5-gigahertz WiFi band driving up test time. We also gained market share with our production optimized solutions and followed the chipset strategy, which helps customers get their products to market faster. Longer term, the wireless trends remain very positive with ongoing smart device growth, with faster and steeper ramps, the growth of the Internet of things that is connecting appliances, security, medical devices, climate control and lighting to your handheld device; and finally, increasing cellular data requirements from the growth in media sharing across multiple devices anywhere, anytime. Now coming back to this year. As we've said last quarter, we expect 2013 LitePoint revenues to be in the $260 million to $360 million range or $550 million to $650 million in its first 2 years as part of Teradyne. Similar to 2012, the first quarter and fourth quarters should be the low points. As you know, we have our sights set on breaking into cellular in 2013 in a more substantial way, so stay tuned for further updates. Our expectation is that connectivity buying will be less than last year given the very large 2012 program buying. Companywide, 2013 is expected to start off more slowly than last year. And as a reminder, in any one year, either our second or third quarter can be the peak. Mobility will remain the main driver, and some of our other segments that we're very strong in, such as performance analog, microcontroller, automotive, should pick up as we get further into 2013. Our new growth investments that we talked about last quarter will continue to ramp in the first quarter, and we expect to be on the model we shared with you last quarter. Some of our investments will bring new offerings to market later this year, so stay tuned. Now moving to the key highlights of the fourth quarter. We had total company bookings of $273 million. SemiTest bookings were up to $183 million. SOC test orders were $171 million. And Memory Test orders were $12 million in the fourth quarter. SemiTest service orders were $51 million. Systems Test Group orders increased to $64 million with $35 million of service orders. Wireless Test orders were $26 million. In the fourth quarter, Semiconductor Test sales were 74% of the total. Systems Test grew 16% and Wireless Test 10%. Our book-to-bill ratio for the fourth quarter was 1.1 for the overall company, 1.0 for Semiconductor Test, 1.6 for the Systems Test Group and 1.1 for Wireless Test. At the end of the quarter, our backlog stood at $354 million, of which 68% is scheduled to ship and be recognized as revenue within the next 6 months. The top line of $248 million was down $215 million or 46%, sequentially, from the third quarter. SemiTest was $184 million, down $127 million or 41%, and Systems Test group was $40 million, up $6 million or 18%. Wireless Test was $24 million, down 79%. We had one 10% customer in the quarter, and our top 5 customers accounted for 28% of our fourth quarter sales. For the full year, we had one 10% customer. SemiTest product shipments decreased 49% from a quarter ago. Within the $248 million, service revenue was $69 million, a $1 million decrease compared to the third quarter. SemiTest service revenue was $52 million. Total company product turns business was 40% versus 31% a quarter ago. SemiTest product turns business was 40% versus 30% a quarter ago. Memory revenue was $10 million. Moving down the P&L. Non-GAAP gross margins decreased to 54% from 56% in the third quarter due to lower volume. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $122 million compared to $131 million in the third quarter, as our variable compensation flexes down on lower sales. At the operating line, we posted a 5% profit, marking the third consecutive year that we stayed in black in the trough fourth quarter. Our non-GAAP net interest and other expense was $2 million. Taxes were a benefit of $3 million in the quarter, as we adjusted the full year tax rate down to 10%. Looking to 2013, we expect a cash tax rate of about 11%. Cash from operations generated $14 million after capital additions. We ended the quarter with gross cash of $1 billion. DSO was 56 days, up from 40 in the third quarter. We expect cash and marketable securities to decrease by about $40 million in the first quarter as we pay out annual variable compensation and make tax payments. As a reminder, we have about $300 million of cash offshore and subject to U.S. tax if repatriated. This will likely grow by about $100 million a year. As noted in the press release, sales for the first quarter are expected to be between $260 million and $280 million, and then non-GAAP EPS range is a loss of $0.01 to income of $0.05 on $195 million diluted shares. Diluted shares are lower than normal because at this profit level, including interest and excluding the convertible shares, is more dilutive. I should add that the guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles, the noncash imputed interest on the convertible debt and includes taxes on a cash basis. Our GAAP EPS range is a loss of $0.06 to $0.01. The operating profit rate at the midpoint of our first quarter guidance is about 2%. Now moving to the P&L percentages. In the first quarter, we expect non-GAAP gross margins to be 52%. R&D should be 24% to 26%, and SG&A should also be 24% to 26%. Non-GAAP net interest expense is expected to be about $2 million. So in summary, 2012 was our third consecutive year with 20% plus operating profitability. We will continue to stay focused on maintaining financial discipline while selectively investing to drive further earnings growth. Now I'll turn the call back to Andy.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Thanks, Greg. Sally, we'd now like to take some questions. And as a reminder, please limit yourselves to one question and a follow-up.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Vernon Essi with Needham & Company.
Vernon P. Essi - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: I was wondering, Mike, if you could look into sort of the first half of this year and give us an understanding of where you're seeing activity, most on the device front. I've heard over the last couple of weeks, some of your sub assembly type folks in the industry were seeing some activity, and of course, your guidance doesn't necessarily indicate that there's a lot of activity in the ATE front. I'm just wondering if things changed after the turn of the year with some of the customers and where there might be some activity.
Michael A. Bradley: Yes, Vernon, the -- as we come back off the bottom here, the drivers for us are power management. I'm talking here on the SOC space.
Vernon P. Essi - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Sure.
Michael A. Bradley: Power management and the mobility ICs, so that continues to be the strongest segment for us. And I think that, that's what we'll see as the leading segments going forward over the next couple of quarters. We saw a little bit of growth in the fourth quarter here in automotive for us, which has been quiet. But I think if this moves back up, the thing that'll click back in much more strongly here will be the mobility products.
Vernon P. Essi - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: And just to sort of follow on that, was there any -- I guess since the turn of the year, have you seen any increasing activity on the order front? Or has it been pretty consistent from where it was at the end of 2012?
Michael A. Bradley: Well, we've only got a few days into it here, so in the last 15 minutes, it's picked up. No. There's nothing that is dramatic at this point. I think the thing that we would refer you to is that when we come off -- when the industry comes off the bottom, it usually doesn't go back down. So we're expecting it to continue to go northward. It's really the slope of it that is hard to call at this point. But clearly, there's more activity now than there was a month ago, so we're expecting things to continue to turn up. But the exact call here on which month it's going to start to move, you remember last year the move was earlier and it was very, very strong, so we'd expect, when it moves, it tends to move in a herd, so it'll move stronger. But at this point, we're on a trajectory of recovery off the bottom, but it's very hard to call a slope right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: It's Mark Delaney calling on behalf of Jim Covello. Mike, I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about your views on the slope of the recovery into the first half of 2013. I know the absolute level of where your SemiTest orders are, is different in 4Q this year as opposed to 4Q last year. But if I just look at your numbers last year, your SemiTest orders were up 19% sequentially, and it was the same growth rate of your SemiTest orders this year. So can you help maybe compare and contrast what it was that enabled the SemiTest revenues in each of the first 2 quarters to be up over 30% sequentially and contrast that with kind of what you're seeing today for the first half?
Michael A. Bradley: Yes. Mark, do you want to talk a little bit about that?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. This is Mark Jagiela. In the business in the last few years, it's all mobility that drives the volatility and buying for mobility. So if you compare last year to this year, essentially, we're seeing very similar trends where the mobility buys the dropoff in late third, early fourth quarter and start to pick up in first, and we're seeing some signs of that. The difference is that I think the tooling last year for mobility capacity was tooled for a peak ramp forecast of the new devices that probably came in slightly under that, so there's a little bit of utilization to soak up here in the first quarter. And as we look at the new products that will be introduced in second and third from our customers, the first step is to absorb a little bit of that capacity and then they'll -- that rocket will take off again. And that's around all the parts you would normally expect in these devices. There's WiFi, and we're seeing a little bit of sign there of that pickup, applications, processors, those kind of devices.
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. As a follow-up question, I was hoping to talk on the wireless device test business, and Greg, I appreciate the color you gave on the full year target and what drove that for 2012. Could you give us your view on what inning the 5G, WiFi refresh is in?
Gregory R. Beecher: What inning? Mark, was that the question?
Mark Delaney - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes. I know you guys have strong share on the WiFi side of that, and I understand that drove some of the strength in 2012. As you look into 2013 or 2014, what your view is of how far along the -- a refresh or installed base is?
Gregory R. Beecher: Okay. The biggest area for refresh is with 802.11ac, and we're in the very, very early innings of that. That was a small amount of our sales this year, and we captured very, very high market share. So I think 802.11ac is a significant WiFi standard change that will affect, our sense is, probably 2014 a lot more than '13, but it's going to continue to grow over time. The thing that's happened with WiFi this past year, and is still occurring, is the 5G band has been added, and that drives up test time. And I believe in China, the Chinese government is authorizing or releasing that 5G band, so that's good news as well for LitePoint.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vishal Shah with Deutsche Bank.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just wanted to understand, in the cellular test business revenues from your LitePoint business last year. What percentage of revenues came from that segment? And you said -- and the hard disk drive segment you expect some of the customer commitments to show up in revenues in the second half. I mean, could you maybe talk about what kind of traction you're seeing there in that segment?
Gregory R. Beecher: Sure. This is Greg again. Cellular revenues last year were less than 5% of our total sales, so very small. There was important design and so this year, we have plans to break into cellular in a much more meaningful way. And when you look at our guidance, the $260 million to $360 million, that's really cellular. If we have a good year in cellular, we're up at $360 million. If we don't, we're down at $260 million. So we see some good opportunities. But I did say last quarter was that the margins will be lower in cellular. It's very competitive and the new guy has to be very aggressive to get in. We've got some key product advantages, but some of these advantages can't be fully unleashed based upon how we have to fit into the test environment. So we feel good about our prospects. It is a long designing cycle, and we're not going to know probably until -- earliest would be Q1. And if we break in, which we have our sight set on doing that, we'll probably ship Q2, Q3.
Michael A. Bradley: And Vishal, on the hard disk drive side, last year was first half story. I think we had probably 85% to 90% of our revenues in the first half of the year. It won't be fully inverted, but it'll be very heavily weighted to the second half, and that's a capacity utilization story on the 2.5 side. But we'll complement the product line with the 3.5-inch product in the second half. So that'll give us another engine and nearly double the market, the TAM that we're going after. So it'll be a quarter or 2 here. We think it'll still be pretty quiet on the hard disk drive side and then in the second half, should pick up substantially because we've got a second product going.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Chin with UBS.
Mahavir Sanghavi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It's Mahavir for Stephen Chin. Two questions on LitePoint. First question about -- you're guiding flat for the year. Just trying to get a sense in terms of -- you talked about internal things. Is that an upside opportunity? Or is that a 2014 opportunity in terms of a buildout for internal things? That's the first question. And the second one is, can you give some color about your exposure to top 2 players in -- on the wireless -- mobility side? Are you exposed to 1 of the 2? Or the exposure is kind of even?
Michael A. Bradley: I'll take the second one, which is we can't comment on the exposure. Sorry, but that's a very sensitive arena. Greg, on the first one?
Gregory R. Beecher: On the first one, I'm very sorry, Steve. I didn't get the full question.
Michael A. Bradley: Internal things. Where is that? Is that '13 or '14 arena?
Gregory R. Beecher: It's very early. You see some applications now, but we're in the early innings. That's going to run for the next at least 5, 7 years. It's going to help the SemiTest business, too, as well as LitePoint. I think the more you look around, you see applications showing up, but it certainly is nowhere -- I'd say it's inning 1 or 2 right now.
Michael A. Bradley: And we know it's not Stephen, Mahavir.
Mahavir Sanghavi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: That's fine. And then just a quick follow-up. Have you -- I mean, you had a gray year for LitePoint in 2012. Have you seen any big changes in the competitive landscape of new competition or new product introductions or accelerated product introductions from your competitors? Anything you can talk about that?
Gregory R. Beecher: It's obviously an attractive market, and I think we're bit of a target. So yes, it is very competitive, but we believe we can continue to execute and stay ahead. And I think in this business, LitePoint, it's also going to be quite volatile, like our other businesses. So 2012 was many new records, and we gave wide ranges. But if you look at the range inside the company, could be even wider. So it's a business that's very difficult to forecast, but strategically, we feel very good about our product portfolio and our position with customers, and we've gained market share last year. But it's very hard to call exactly where we might end up at any point in time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini with Susquehanna International.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I had a couple of follow-ups. Can you maybe elaborate on the LTE opportunity by kind of walking us where are you in the qualification stage? Or are you already qualified and just simply waiting for the customer ramp? And then, Greg, I want to go back to the issue -- to a topic of cash. You have effectively doubled net cash per share. Any update there? I know you don't want to -- you used to buy back or give dividend, but anything you can share with us in terms of where you are in M&A will be really greatly appreciated because you keep building out the cash, and it's going to continue to grow. And we don't know how you guys are going to employ this cash.
Gregory R. Beecher: Okay, if I may, both good questions. Okay, on the first question, so we're in a good position. We are qualified, but I cannot tell you that doesn't mean yes, I win. There's a whole bunch of other things that have to get sorted out, but we are qualified and our tester can test the devices quite competitively. So we're in a good spot but stay tuned. A lot can happen between getting qualified and getting the order, okay? Second one on cash, we do try to, in each call, update you on cash and our strategy, but in truth, it really is a steady course. If you think about what we've done over the last 3 years, we've built a strong core that generates strong cash. We've used that cash to buy LitePoint, Eagle and invest in some other businesses. And that's given us 40% of our earnings growth. So we like that. We very much like that strategy. Now what I've also said is at some point, the cash grows and it gets perhaps much larger than where it is now, and then there's more pressure on us to think about the subject harder. What do we do? We're stepping back from that each quarter where we do the topic with our board, stock buyback, dividend. But we continue to stay the same course, to be very patient on stock buyback for our long-term shareholders, wait until the stock is severely undervalued and hold the hard-earned capital because we believe there are some attractive test companies, not exactly another LitePoint, but there might be other businesses that have some similarities to LitePoint that we could get a much greater return inside of Teradyne in our platform than buying back stock. And if we can't find those enterprises, then fair enough, the pressure is back on us to look harder at returning capital.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Got it. And if I may just squeeze one follow-up, given the recovery in -- well, actually, the cyclical nature of the SemiTest and where you are with bookings, if you look at historical trend, it suggests that, yes, bookings are going to continue to improve into Q1. And is that a fair assessment? And are you going to continue to improve -- booking is going to help improve backlog?
Michael A. Bradley: Yes, I think the issue is just the slope is hard to call. If you look back maybe on the website, we've got -- goes back a few years, and you can see it's a very rare occurrence that after the bottom is hit that you go up and then quickly come back down. So we do expect things to firm up. But what Mark said about where our capacity is and the introductions of our customers' new products really have suggested to us a quarter ago that 2013 in total, we had shaved our estimates for the total market in SOC down by about 10%. And I think about half of that 10% is likely to be absorbed in the first quarter of this year. So we do expect things to continue to strengthen, very tough to call, though, given the steepness of the ramps that our customers are going through and the lead time compression that we've got. Very tough to call exactly when that kicks into overdrive, but it's definitely on the up slope.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I had a few of them. Greg or Mike, if I look at your Q1 guidance, I see an SOC revenue in Q1 at the same run rate as in Q4.
Michael A. Bradley: Hang on Krish.
Gregory R. Beecher: Is that a question?
Michael A. Bradley: Yes, he said is the SOC revenue the same in Q1 and Q4.
Gregory R. Beecher: No.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Is it higher or lower?
Gregory R. Beecher: It's higher.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: It's higher than Q1. Okay. All right. Fair enough. But in calendar '13, when I look at your HDD sales, do you think it would be higher or lower than calendar '12, baking in your new 3.5-inch product?
Gregory R. Beecher: I think it'll be higher, Krish. Just as a quick reminder, this past year, HDD was about $100 million all front end. The year before, it was $155 million, $160 million, so over 2 years, it averaged $125 million. But we all know that, that area is kind of weakening because of the tablet, but we do believe getting into 3.5 can help us with the cloud computing to get back up to $125 million, which is an amount of revenue we need to hit our 15% model profit. So we think we can get to about $125 million.
Michael A. Bradley: Having said that, Krish, the place we're standing on hard disk drive now is very different from last year at this time. We just had -- we had our first half year backlog in hand as we entered the year last year, and this year, it's just the opposite. So we're really making a forecast here based upon what we think the overall market will do. And we'll buttress this year a bit because we do have a new product, and if that -- if we're able to get that latched, that'll help us. And that's why we think we can, on a kind of an annual average basis, get to our $125 million level, but it'll be a second half story.
Gregory R. Beecher: The rest have gone up on this, and this is what we talked about earlier in the prepared remarks that we secured 2 lead customers to work with us on the design of this product. And one thing you want to do when you're designing new complex test equipment is to have the buyers working with you, so you get all the subtleties right. And we have market share agreements, so they're bought into it. So it's up to us to execute. A lot of risks in execution, but the good news is we've got some customers pulling us.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And then finally, you guys said that it looks like your SOC market share is actually like roughly static in the lower 40s. What is your mobile SOC market share you think it was in calendar '12 -- exiting calendar '12?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. This is Mark again. In mobility devices, we're probably right around the 50% point, if you look at tablet or cellphone and break it down. So that pulls up our average. And so if you look at the whole market, the place that pulls the average down would be in PCs where we really have low exposure, but roughly 50% mobility.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Satya Kumar with Credit Suisse.
Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes [indiscernible] just to continue on that market share question, do you expect your mobility share to be similar this year? Or are there any major shifts happening in the supply chain that might play to your benefit or against you? How should we think about share this year?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, Mark again. So our whole product strategy for a couple years now and go-to-market strategy has been focused on mobility. So when we talk about gaining a point or 2 of share per year, most of that is targeted at mobility devices. So we would expect that share to go up in 2013. That's our plan. And the product that we have for that area, it really focuses on 2 features to enable that. One is just the breadth of instrumentation. If you look at a phone compared to any other consumer or industrial product, the breadth of sensors, digital processing, analog processing, RF capability is vast, and you need a product that can do all that. That's what we've got. The second characteristic is the ramp and the time to market for new silicon. It's unbelievable. Three years ago, it might have been 6 months between a validated piece of silicon and a ramp, and that's compressed last year to down to 3 months. And I bet you this year, it'll be down to less than 2. And so the ability of the test system to debug silicon and get the yields more quickly is the other feature that we've leveraged into this. So we expect our share to go up. That's where we're focused and will continue to focus.
Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And Mark, again, perhaps you can address this. You mentioned that there was some amount of excess capacity that was created in last year by your shipments. Was that specifically for SOC or LitePoint or both? And is there a way you can quantify the amount by which you overshipped the market demand last year for these segments?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, I'm just speaking of SOC in that case. And what typically happens is when a new mobile device comes to market, it has a vertical ramp. And I'm not -- there's a bit of a prebuild of inventory that goes on but frankly, not as much as you would think. So a lot of capacity needs to be put in to keep up with that ramp, and the ramp is a forecast. And there's a range of how fast is this new thing going to ramp, and our customers don't want to be cut -- caught short on the upside. So they tend to buy toward the high side of the forecast for the ramp. What happened, I think, in 2012 is that the ramps for the new devices were very strong, better than average but not at the peak forecast that people bought to. So how much of an overhang was there? It's hard to calibrate. I don't think there's a lot. The utilization right now is quite high. So I think as we get into the next product announcements, you'll start to see the ramps kick in. But I think, as people think about capacity, they don't want to be caught short. And if the world comes in a little bit below the top end of the forecast, there'll be a little bit of overhang, and that's what we saw.
Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then lastly on LitePoint, 802.11ac, is that going to be a meaningful -- I mean, it sounds like it is contributing to something, but is there a way for us to think about the magnitude of that contribution to LitePoint this year? How far away from 50%, for example, will you be for 802.11ac this year for you guys?
Gregory R. Beecher: I think 802.11ac will be well under 50% of the connectivity sales. This year, maybe it's 20%, that neighborhood, maybe 25%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse with Barclays.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess first question, I was hoping to dig a little bit deeper into the SOC side, so can you share with us what you think the size of the market was in 2012 and what your view is for 2013 and if you could talk about your expectations for share, not only on the mobility side but also including the 2 new products you alluded to from Eagle and the J750?
Michael A. Bradley: I'll give you the market, C.J., and then Mark will talk about the segments. Dropping back a little bit, for 3 years, it's been -- the market's been around 2.5 to 2.6. The last 2 years just under 2.5 in '11 and just over 2.5 in '12. And what we've projected -- and again, it's all connected to this issue of utilization, the ramp, the buying levels and the various segments of what's strong and what's not strong. We said for ballpark estimate, we're around 2.3. And if you look at the recovery in the overall market, we think the first quarter soaks up a fair amount of that drop of $300 million, maybe about half of it.
Mark E. Jagiela: And then on the product front, the new Eagle and J750 products that we'll be introducing this year are really going after segments in linear power automotive and microcontroller low-cost consumer, where we're currently very strong in share, and we see the ability to extend that with these product introductions. But the markets themselves that those 2 products are in are essentially slow-growth markets. So while we can pick up additional share in those markets and we're very strong there, a lot of the share gain we're looking at in 2013 is back in mobility, which is the UltraFLEX product that we introduced a major refresh on last year. And so as we look at our share position in 2012, like I mentioned before, in aggregate, it was in the low 40s, and in 2013, our target is to move that north into the mid-40s.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And if I could just follow up on that theme, in terms of the share gain, is that entirely mix related or actually winning sockets?
Michael A. Bradley: It always comes about from both, and socket wins probably are about half of that. And then the mix shift that we're forecasting is the rest of it.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And then if I could ask a follow-up question regarding LitePoint, I guess 2 questions to that. First, in terms of what you're seeing today in AC demand, is that more access point related or handset? And then on the cellular side, it sounds like carriers want LTE-ready handsets regardless of whether the technology will actually be available, so curious what that means for your expected ramp for that business over the next 2 quarters.
Gregory R. Beecher: Okay. C.J., this is Greg. On the connectivity side, the growth is handsets. It's not the access point. I mean, it is some of that, but handsets is going to drive it at least for the next year or 2, and tablets would be next in terms of the drivers. On the cellular side, LTE generally needs more test time. It has many more bands and it's complex, different modulations, so test times go up. And it's a good opportunity because LitePoint has a production-optimized tester, so it plays well to their strengths.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Ho with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I guess first on the SOC test side of things, when you mentioned the 28-nanometer device buildout that you saw last year that spurred some of the activity you saw in 2012, as we move down to 20 nanometers, are you expecting another similar surge or the possibility that they'll try and reuse some of the equipment that they bought last year for that node as well?
Michael A. Bradley: Yes. I think, Patrick, equipment is always reused. Usually, the lifetime of a piece of equipment in this space is at least sort of 7 to 10 years. That's always been true. I don't see that changing. I think the change is when you go from 28 to 20 or -- and so on is that the yield learning curve on the parts is one issue. So typically the 20-nanometer node will come in at a lower yield than the 28-nanometer node, and that is another thing that, early on, spurs more capacity early in the life cycle of a node. So when we move to 20, there will definitely be a surge of buying early in that node that will ameliorate until we get into the next node step over time. And those kind of come in 2- to 3-year increments, so you'll see a very strong year. And then you'll see a mature process technology maybe in the second year, and then by the third year, you're back into it again.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Right. Great. That's really helpful. And maybe just moving to LitePoint for a second, in terms of your activities or entering the cellular market on a more active basis, is there a different, I guess, qualification design stage we'll see, different seasonality versus what you're seeing in connectivity where it's primarily concentrated in 2Q and 3Q? Is there anything different with that? Or are you expecting that to also be kind of in the middle of the year?
Gregory R. Beecher: No difference. It should be following the same pattern. And I think with this connectivity subset, we're going to see Q2 and Q3, generally speaking, as the peak shipment quarters.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jagadish Iyer with Piper Jaffray.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Mike, a quick question on -- 2 questions on the -- you had talked about it a while ago about NAND testing being more customized. As we see more and more SOC adoption in both utlrabooks and tablets and other hybrid devices, I was just wondering what is your plan right now to target that market given that it could be a huge market going forward. So I was just wondering if you have any updates for me on that one.
Michael A. Bradley: Well, I'll comment on overall on memory, and Mark can talk about the NAND space. I think the memory space, both DRAM and NAND, has been a compressed market here for the last 3 years, and we're projecting that it's going to stay that way. There is heavy reuse in that space, and the productivity effects in memory test have been much more significant than they have been in SOC, despite the fact that SOC has had a big increase in parallelism. But there are technology advances that are underway in both DRAM and the NAND that we think we can intersect here with our product offering. Do you want to comment on that?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. So I agree with what Mike was saying. The market's going to be pretty anemic as a total market, maybe $400 million to $500 million of equipment, and our share right now is in the mid-teens. So -- what we do see happening technologically on the DRAM side as we go to known good die as bare die DRAM get popped onto application processors and mobile electronics, the test requirements at probe are getting increasingly important to get good yields at these integrated packages. And our high-speed memory tester in that regard has some advantages that we hope to exploit here in the next year or 2. On FLASH, the thing -- the only real technological driver in FLASH related to test that could cause a breakout there is as we move into SSD-type applications or even tablets, the need for FLASH to run at much higher speeds, bandwidth, is resulting in the interface speeds of NAND FLASH going up through toggle technologies. That obsoletes a lot of the installed base and test equipment, which has been sub kind of 100-megabit-per-second rates. And that's the other area we hope to exploit. As that shifts to 800 megabits and above, our Magnum product line is sort of sitting right in that sweet spot. But in an aggregate, the dynamic of buying, I think, will be as an aggregate market pretty flat for the next few years, but as the shares shift, those are the 2 things we're looking at to move north of the mid-teens up into the 20s.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And just a quick follow-up on the OSAT utilization. Mike, can you give us some thoughts in terms of how we're just tracking from fourth quarter into first quarter? And what do you see going forward for the remainder of the year?
Michael A. Bradley: The -- I don't have it right in front of me, but we're between 70% and 80% utilizations with the mix of products, with the UltraFLEX at the high end being -- certainly at the high end or above the top number, where the 750 would be at the lower end of the utilization levels. I think OSAT has typically been -- the OSAT buying this past quarter was 47% of our total, down from 51% in the prior quarter. So obviously, that correlates to the utilization being a little bit lower on the OSAT side. But if you looked at it on a product basis, you'll find UltraFLEX at the high end of the utilization spectrum in all of the customer environments.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: And do you see that continuing to improve, the utilization offer to soak up in the first quarter?
Michael A. Bradley: Yes. I mean, it's -- the industry numbers on this say that the utilization levels that we have right now are actually a little bit higher than the last trough. And it feels close to us, but it may in fact be just a hair. It's not lower. So it's around the same level. So I think it's more type of what Mark was talking about, and that is the product launches that really drive the spike in buying or that's the difference in the scenario this year versus last year. Whereas, I think utilization is kind of mirror image of -- in the 2 years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terence Whalen with Citi.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just one quick question. I'm not sure if you addressed this. What's the anticipation of competitively on pricing from Japanese yen devaluation?
Gregory R. Beecher: This is Greg. We're not expecting a significant impact. The yen has moved around over a period of time. And we just haven't seen that affect our major competitor. I think they price based upon the competitive dynamics and what's necessary in that situation as opposed to have their pricing impacted by the yen, but stay tuned.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Terrific. And then the follow-up question that I had is just a very broad regional question. As you look into the first half, do you expect better demand acceleration from some of your Taiwanese customers or Korean customers?
Michael A. Bradley: Mark, do we have -- I don't know if we've got a breakdown. Our visibility and forecast doesn't go out very far. What do you think the breakdown is between Taiwan and Korea?
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. It's -- that is a tough one to call. I wouldn't -- actually, I don't think we should even try to speculate there because it might divulge some of our major customers' buying plans.
Michael A. Bradley: Terence, well, it's -- the countries don't really kind of mask the company, so that's why we're holding back.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Fair enough. I thought it was worth a try.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Great. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us today. This concludes our call. Thanks for your interest, and we look forward to talking with you in the coming weeks. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew J. Blanchard - Vice President of Corporate Relations Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Andrea, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Teradyne Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to our host, Mr. Andrew Blanchard, VP of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference, sir.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Thank you, Andrea. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our Chief Executive Officer, Mike Bradley; and our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for the third quarter of 2012, as well as our outlook for the fourth quarter. First, I'd like to address several administrative issues. The press release containing our third quarter results was sent out via business letters[ph] last evening. Copies are available at teradyne.com, where this call is also being simulcast. Note that during this call, we're providing slides on the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion. To view them, simply access the Investor page of the site, and click on the Live Webcast icon. In addition, replays of this call will be available via the same page about 24 hours after the call ends. The replay will be available along with the slides through November 11. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release, as well as our most recent SEC filings for a complete description. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We have posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure where available on our website. To view them, go to the Investor page and click on the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation link. Also, you may want to note that between now and our next conference call, Teradyne will be participating in investor conferences hosted by Piper Jaffray, UBS and Credit Suisse. Now let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, our CEO, Mike Bradley, will review the state of the Company and the industry in the third quarter and provide our outlook for the fourth quarter. Then, our CFO Greg Beecher will provide more details on our quarterly performance along with our guidance for the fourth quarter. We'll then answer your questions. You should note that we intend to end this call after 1 hour. Mike?
Michael A. Bradley: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for being with us on the call this morning. I'd like to cover 3 things with you today, so that I'll address a range of short and longer-term questions that I suspect are on your mind. The first is a brief recap of the last quarter, which has a solid set of numbers as you've seen; second is a comment on the sharp downturn in bookings that are linked to both seasonal and program buying trends; and third is to give you a first look over the horizon in 2013. Anytime our industry has a slowdown, there are questions around what's temporary and what's permanent in nature. So I want to give you our perspective on that. And looking out into 2013 is the best way to see through the step down in the short-term environment. So a quick recap of the third quarter starts with better top and bottom line performance in the high end of our guidance range. SemiTest revenues were down 15% from Q2, in line with our expectations after a very strong first half. LitePoint posted back-to-back revenue records in the last 2 quarters, and our Systems Test business was steady in commercial board test and defense, but dropped sharply in storage test after a record first half and as worldwide HDD test utilization fell off. Bookings in all sectors saw a significant seasonal or program buying declines. And SemiTest bookings fell 60% from second quarter levels, a sharper reset than we usually have, but actually not out of line with the cumulative numbers we saw in our peak-to-trough pattern last year. You'll recall that SemiTest bookings dropped in Q3 last year to about $200 million, following 2 quarters that averaged $310 million. This year, the drop to $154 million comes after 2 quarters that averaged $360 million. So it's not surprising to go a little bit deeper after a higher sustained peak. As you might expect, all SOC sectors saw sequential order declines, but mobility-related products from power management ICs to mobile processors continued as our strongest segments. Despite the third quarter decline in this area, we've already booked $100 million more in mobility test configurations through 3 quarters in 2012 than we did in all of last year. Microcontroller, automotive and linear applications are where we've seen both sequential and year-over-year declines, as these areas have shown lower device growth and overall lower test utilization rates. Memory Test continues at very low buying levels and an important new design enforced in Japan hasn't moved the needle much yet in what's now a market running at about $500 million in total. Storage test orders have been subdued for the last couple of quarters, and we expect that to continue until we get into 2013. In our Defense business, which continues to be healthy, we'll always be choppy on the new order front as program buying comes to us in chunks. Now all of this leads us to a Q4 revenue plan that is down to just around breakeven in the fourth quarter. We do expect this fourth quarter to be the trough, as the collective buying patterns in all of our businesses reflect consistently stronger first halves over second halves. We expect LitePoint to follow this pattern now that we have a full-year of their business under our belt. So while the fourth quarter is the low point, it will cap off a very good year for us. At the midpoint of our fourth quarter guidance, annual revenues will be between $1.6 billion and $1.7 billion, with operating profits north of 20%. We continue to have an overall solid SemiTest operation despite the weakness in the memory market. Our Defense and Commercial Board Test units are, of course, smaller than SemiTest, but nevertheless steady contributors. And LitePoint has added a very compelling growth engine. This year, LitePoint has been able to bring an array of new products to market that cover the latest wireless technologies with very competitive test economics. And Teradyne has helped provide the necessary muscle to execute the very steep production ramps essential to new consumer product launches. So it's now obvious that LitePoint will far outstrip expectations for revenue growth in its first 2 years. As you recall, our original plan was for 2 years of 20% compound growth starting in 2012. That would have given us $350 million in revenues in our first 2 years together. Last quarter, we up that to $450 million based upon end market growth, rapidly changing and increasing test requirements and market share gains. We now believe that we can stretch that to $550 million to $650 million in the first 2 years, which means very strong back-to-back years. Now I've asked Greg to further flesh out the latest from LitePoint in his comments. So we expect 2013 to be good for us, albeit in a market that is likely to have more headwinds than tailwinds. In semiconductor test, the market could see lower mobility buying early in the year as the industry digests the heavy 2012 equipment investments. However, we still expect mobility to remain our strongest segment. There could be some rebound in the automotive microcontroller and linear sectors, but these could also be slower to recover if economic conditions remain sluggish. All of this means that our planning assumes only a $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion SOC test market in 2013, down from about $2.6 billion this year. Memory will likely stay low, but that doesn't swing the pendulum much for us as you know. We will have 2 major new product launches in SOC test and one in storage test in the coming year. That and some longer-term R&D investments are behind the increased engineering outlays that Greg will detail. I can't go into our development plans with LitePoint, but wireless product test has a very fast evolutionary cycle. So we'll be fielding filling new products there on an ongoing basis. Also we're closing out another solid year, albeit on a quarterly down cycle that's expected in our business. But the fundamentals remain strong, and we look forward to a recovery trajectory as we end the first half of 2013. Now let me turn it over to Greg.
Gregory R. Beecher: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to first provide some perspective on 2012 before I update you on some model changes connected with our growth initiatives. I'll then cover third quarter highlights and fourth quarter guidance and close with some summary comments. So first, looking at 2012. As Mike said, we're projecting our third consecutive year of very solid bottom line performance, with a 23% operating profit and free cash flow of about $300 million, 18% of sales. Looking over the 3-year period starting in 2010, our operating profit rate has averaged 24%, putting us alongside the top-tier semi equipment suppliers. This strong multiyear performance is a result of an efficient business model, coupled with very selective growth investments. From a strategic point of view, this solid multiyear financial health provides the necessary foundation to expand selectively into new markets and grow earnings. Since 2008, as you know, we've entered 4 new markets with an aggregate market size of around 2 billion. We're on track with these new market entries to account for over 40% of our 2012 profitability. And we have further expansion plans in these newer businesses that I will update you on in 2013. Now coming back to the current year recap. We expect a top line of over $1.6 billion, operating profits of $373 million, or 23% and non-GAAP EPS of $1.61. This 2012 operating profit rate will be 17 points higher than prior to our remodeling at comparable SOC test market sizes. We have both a very strong balance sheet with gross cash and marketable securities of $1 billion, up from $755 million at the beginning of the year, and an operating model back in whether -- whatever macro headwinds get thrown at us. Rest assured, we'll continue to focus on close-to-the-core growth to leverage our technology or distribution strengths. We have no intention of drifting away from what we know, and where we have a strong competitive advantage. In setting our financial model, we long ago accepted that model profitability or better is needed over a normal business cycles, as there is no promise of relief from the next business cycle. You can look at the study test intensity trend line in SemiTest showing increased ATE productivity. While there are valid theories that support increasing capital intensity in the future, we plan our finances off the existing trend line. If the theory is proved to be correct and intensity increases, so much the better and we'll see higher profitability. We also recognize that SemiTest market share moves in small increments as we compete at a device socket level versus a technology node. So permanent share gain moves slowly, even though there may be temporary market share gains resulting from the ebb and flow of segment shifts. This is why we're continually reinforcing the importance of our operating model. We understand we must bridge between the dynamics of the market and the necessity to deliver model or better results under normal business cycles. Now let me move to 2013. To fund that next round of growth, we plan to modestly increase our engineering and support spending. This added growth investment means we'll deliver 15% operating profit at quarterly sales of $375 million versus $350 million in the past. We used 15% because that's what the industry generally needs to earn to achieve its cost of capital. In fact, we have consistently exceeded this level, averaging 24% operating profit since the start of 2010. Let me also answer a question we often get about how to model LitePoint in 2013. First, for 2012, we expect sales of about $290 million, well over double LitePoint's prior sales of $130 million and well above our target of $160 million for 2012. Two key factors were responsible for this. The employment of our equipment within leading wireless device players, who gained market share and had large capacity requirements, and the 40% plus growth of the smart device market in general, a market that not only requires new test capacity due to volume increases, but also due to the use of dual band Wi-Fi with its longer test requirements. So after a truly extraordinary year in 2012, we expect 2013 LitePoint revenues to be in the $260 million to $360 million range. Independent of next year, we expect solid Wireless Test growth as far as the eye can see. Wireless unit growth is expected to run in the mid-teens. A host of ongoing new wireless transmission technologies should continue to drive test volume up. And lastly, we expect to continue to gain market share. On the other side of ledger, the buying in any one year often contains program buying, which doesn't fit neatly on an annual trend line. Additionally, we naturally expect to create productivity from next-generation testers. Staying a bit longer on our Wireless Test business. LitePoint was a standout performer again this quarter, with $119 million in revenue, a new quarterly record. We've highlighted the favorable connectivity market trends from unit growth, the addition of a second Wi-Fi band, 802 11 AC and MIMO, so I won't go through these again. We also continue to gain market share with our fast to market solutions approach in our production-optimized testers. Strategically, our LitePoint growth focus is to expand our very small cellular footprint into higher volumes. In cellular, there was a long design cycle that we're progressing through, and we expect to have a bigger cellular presence next year. Although cellular test margins will be lower, the profit dollar should add nicely to EPS over the years to come, as the cellular test market is considerably larger than the connectivity test market. I'll come back to the third quarter highlights in a moment. But first, let me add a few comments on the sharp drop in total company bookings. Customers are clearly in a wait-and-see mode, and this behavior fits with normal seasonality. For us, this sharp drop doesn't have significant implications on our cost model, as the model nationally flexes variable costs down in periods of lower sales. Of course, we put even more focus on all spending in times like this, but the point here is our model is designed to handle wide swings in business level. Now moving to the key highlights for the third quarter. We had total company bookings of $231 million, SemiTest bookings were down to $154 million, SOC test orders were $148 million and Memory Test orders were $6 million in the third quarter. SemiTest service orders were $33 million, Systems Test Group orders dropped to $25 million with $7 million of service orders, Wireless Tests orders were $52 million. In the third quarter, Semiconductor Test sales were 67% of the total, Systems Test 7% and Wireless Test, 26%. Our book-to-bill ratio for the third quarter was 0.5 for the overall company, 0.5 for the Semiconductor Test, 0.7 for the Systems Test Group and 0.4 for Wireless Test. At the end of quarter, our backlog stood at $330 million, of which 73% is scheduled to ship and be recognized as revenue within the next 6 months. The top line of $463 million was down $85 million or 15% sequentially from the second quarter. SemiTest was $310 million, down $55 million or 15%. And Systems Test Group was $34 million, down $37 million or 53%. Wireless Test was $119 million, up 6%. We had 2 10% customers in the quarter, and our top 5 customers accounted for 47% of our third quarter sales. This level of concentration continues to reflect strength in the mobility area. SemiTest product shipments decreased 18% from a quarter ago. Within the $463 million, Service revenue was $70 million, a $2 million increase compared to the second quarter. SemiTest service revenue was $55 million. Total company products turns business was 31% versus 45% a quarter ago. SemiTest product turns business was 30% versus 40% a quarter ago. Memory revenue was $24.5 million. Moving down the P&L. Non-GAAP gross margins decreased to 56% from 57% in the second quarter due to lower volume. R&D expenses were $62 million, or 13% of sales, compared to $65 million, or 12% of sales in the second quarter. SG&A expenses were $69 million, or 15% of sales, compared to $73 million, or 13% of sales in the second quarter. Non-GAAP operating expenses of $131 million were down $6 million from the second quarter, driven primarily by lower variable compensation. On the operating line, we posted a 28% profit. Our non-GAAP interest and other expense was $2 million. We had cash tax provision of $19 million, or 15% in the third quarter. We now expect a full year cash tax rate of around 11%. And looking at 2013, we also expect a cash tax rate of about 11%. Cash from operations generate $260 million after capital additions. We ended the quarter with gross cash of $1 billion. DSO was 40 days, down from 57 in the second quarter due to the shipment profile being weighted toward the front end of the third quarter. We expect to grow cash and marketable securities by about $20 million in the fourth quarter and end with a gross cash balance just over $1 billion. On a capital allocation front, you should expect a steady course from us with no sharp turns. We have a balanced approach and are applying lessons learned from the past. We remain opportunistic in our buyback program to ensure that long term shareholders are rewarded. We also believe there may be other good, nonorganic opportunities, but there is no predicting whether we'll be able to bring any of these to closure. Consequently, we'll continue to evaluate our capital allocation alternatives. Also, I should add that as our SemiTest profitability has improved and the geographic mix has shifted overwhelmingly to Asia, we now have a larger portion of our cash, about $300 million offshore and subject to U.S. tax if repatriated. As noted in the press release, sales for the fourth quarter are expected to be between $235 million and $260 million. The non-GAAP EPS range is a loss of $0.04 to income of $0.05 on $192 million diluted shares. The diluted shares are lower than normal because at this profit level, including interest and excluding the convert shares, is more dilutive. I should add that the guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles, the noncash imputed interest on the convertible debt and includes taxes on a cash basis. Our GAAP EPS range is a loss of $0.12 to $0.05. The operating profit rate at the midpoint of our fourth quarter guidance is about 1%. Now moving to the P&L percentages. In the fourth quarter, we expect non-GAAP gross margins to be 52% to 53%, R&D should be 24% to 27% and SG&A should be 25% to 28%. Non-GAAP net interest expense is expected to be above $2 million. We expect little or no cash tax provision in the quarter. In summary, 2012 will go down as another very good year. Our growth initiatives are delivering, and we have a time-tested model that can handle the normal seasonal swings. We're also making some modest additional investments for our next leg of growth, and some of these returns should show up late next year. We'll continue to stay focused on maintaining financial discipline, growing our core business and selectively investing to drive earnings growth. Now I'll turn the call back to Andy.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Thanks, Greg. Andrea, we'd now like to take some questions. And as a reminder, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from line of Weston Twigg with Pacific Crest Securities.
Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: On the R&D line, you talked a little bit about it. But can you give us a little bit more color in terms of how R&D might trend through the year with the new products that you're releasing?
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes, this is Greg. On the R&D line, we're upping our investment. In OpEx, in total, we're upping our quarterly investment on average about $12 million. Much more of that is in R&D, the substantial majority. Half of that is in LitePoint. As you know, LitePoint has grown quite remarkably. And with that, there's other opportunities for further growth.
Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, good. And then on the SemiTest business, I think you mentioned this earlier, but can you give us an idea on the growth of rate you're expecting for next year in core SemiTest? Did you say it was going to be down a little?
Michael A. Bradley: We expect the markets to be down a little bit next year. It's been averaging between $2.5 billion and $2.6 billion. And our planning basis here says that, that is more on the $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion. There's not a buildup segment by segment that gets you to that. It's really an estimate of how strong the comeback is in the first half. Interestingly, last year, by January, we were expecting the full-year to be $2.1 billion. But there was such a strong first quarter demand that resulted in both first and second quarter shipments, that by the time we got to April, that looked closer to $2.5 billion and then we think it ends up at $2.6 billion. So the idea of having a little caution is an integration of a lot of different things. We do expect the third quarter bookings level to be the trough bookings for us. Traditionally, we've had an uptick in the fourth quarter. We think we will, this quarter, and then it gets stronger in first and second. But it's a little bit hard to call exactly when that would kick in next year. So we're being a little cautious, and we're sizing that down 10% to 15%.
Weston Twigg - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Got it. Okay, that's very helpful. But you do expect a bookings uptick in the Q1 timeframe, or you're just sort of trying to wait and gauge that level of that uptick?
Michael A. Bradley: Yes, I think that if you were bending in and you looked at the patterns, you'd say that you had come up some in Q4, and then it would typically kicks in, in the Q1 and Q2. Calling it exactly whether it's going to be strong in Q1 these coming years, as it was last year. So that's a tough call.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar with Banc of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I have 2 of them. One, either Greg or Mike. When you look at LitePoint, especially with some of the test markets and you expect to gain some traction, how much mil [ph] of that is baked into your $260 million to $360 million guidance for next year?
Gregory R. Beecher: Krish, are you asking about cellular?
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, something like that. How much revenue do -- what you expect from that?
Michael A. Bradley: Your line broke up, that's why we didn't hear it. Go ahead.
Gregory R. Beecher: Krish, this is Greg. There's a -- you can imagine there's a wide range of scenarios we gave you sort of a tighter range as to what can happen. But there is cellular revenue in that range, so we do expect to have more meaningful cellular revenue in 2013. On the connectivity market, it was very strong in 2012. Our best guess is that market would be flat or down a little bit in 2013. We think the cellular gains we'd get can give us, in total, a very good result.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. Got it. That's helpful. And then a question on what you called SemiTest business. It looks like SOC market as a whole would be down 12% next year from $2.6 billion to $2.3 billion. How will the mobile market that's in that be -- was it going to be done more than that? Or that it's going to be in line with the decline?
Michael A. Bradley: Krish, mobile has been very, very strong. And we think it's above the trend line. So we think there's some absorption on the Mobile Test sector. So I don't have the exact number, but if you drew an arrow, that could be flat to down next year. If it were up, that would be exceptional. So we think it's a bit above the trend line. The other sectors which have both the down quarter market in Teradyne, we think, have some potential for recovery during the course of next year. Net-net though, we think the overall totals are down in that 10% to 15% range.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First question is relative to the product portfolio. You guys have done such a terrific job over the last whole bunch of years of being very [Audio Gap] and what to kind of take away over time. Obviously, we are in a cyclical downturn for a number of the businesses, but the one segment that feels a little more secular is Memory Test, in particular, DRAM test. That may be getting carried away in the cyclical downturn to think that's secular or do you think there might be some secular elements on the DRAM side that you would think about? And what kind of commitments you want to be making to that long term?
Michael A. Bradley: Jim, it's Mike. Obviously, the Memory Test market that used to be $1 billion plus, really up at its peak to $1.5 billion, is -- we now got 3 years where it's been between $500 million and $700 million. So from a total market, it's obviously disappointing to anybody supplying into that space. Our position in it is a 15% to 20% share position. So we haven't established the kind of position there that we have in SOC. I think the way these design ins go in the amount of capital, the new products that's being bought, it looks to us like these days are relatively subdued market. And even though we're making some progress on account front and in coverage of the various segments in the market, it's going to be a smaller player for us. Our commitment to it is going to be consistent. We build the products for Memory off of platforms that are both SOC and Memory platforms. So it's a hybrid investment for us that gets amortized over both of those markets. So I think you'll see a still in that space if that's the direct question you're asking.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. Next question would be on the OSAT side of the market, ASE and SPEL are talking about better fourth quarters because of some pickup in mobility. Now I know we're in kind of a pretty deep hole, or starting in a pretty deep hole given the severity of the downturn. How much do think those kinds of customers need to pick up before you would see any kind of meaningful improvement in their orders to you guys?
Michael A. Bradley: This cycle has been a stronger OSAT cycle. And even with the downturn, the OSATs for us have not gone down to the trough that they were at last year. And I think that's clearly because they're bigger players on the mobility supply for the Fabless companies. Our expectation is for them that the trough for that segment in bookings will also be in the third quarter, and we think that comes gradually back. So I don't know how much they have to move, but we expect them to move a little bit back up here just in concert with the IDMs. They should move back up in the fourth quarter.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, helpful. And then final question, if I might. You guys have talked about in the past a buyback at maybe a $12 level. I think it's a stock price number that you've thrown out there. When you think about the buyback, and you guys have been so thoughtful about not buying stock either at the top of the cycle or at a very elevated price and you have saved a lot of capital that way that you've used for smart acquisitions. But when you think about a buyback, do you think about it now more in terms of the dollar price, or do you think about it more in terms of, we're pretty clearly at or very near the bottom of the cycle, even if it could last a little while and may or may not. But do you think more about it in terms of having an opportunity to buy stock back at the bottom of a cycle even if that's a $14 or so? Or do you still think kind of something like a $12 price would still represent a better idea for us to think about when you could be more aggressive there?
Gregory R. Beecher: Jim, there isn't an exact formula that we use because there are so many factors that go into, it including what nonorganic opportunities are out there, as well as what the price is at any one point in time. So we do look at it carefully, and we really want to be very patient. Because in our past, we bought back like many others at the wrong time, and it was a bad deal for long-term shareholders. So we'd rather be on the side, in fact even perhaps getting criticized that you guys are going too slow. And if that day comes when we buy aggressively, then hopefully our patience will be rewarding for the long-term shareholders. So we continue to look at it. And there is no exact formula.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Stephen Chin with Barclays.
Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It's Stephen Chin actually, from UBS. Nice contribution[ph] on LitePoint. I just want to follow up, Mike, on your early views on 2013. It sounds like you think SemiTest CapEx is down next year and LitePoint is up slightly in 2013. So that would imply Teradyne's sales next year would be flat to down slightly. So I was just wondering if you could share with us some of the variables that you think could surprise on the upside. Is it mostly Wireless SemiTests?
Michael A. Bradley: First of all, I want to declare we're mortal here in our estimating the market sizes. As you know, last year at this time, as I said, actually later in January, our view of the market at that point was that it would have a relatively normal recovery, fourth quarter, first quarter, second quarter recovery. And we were looking at a market -- and I'm talking about SOC test now that we would be about $550 million a quarter. It actually was over $700 million in the first quarter. So we're mortal in our ability or inability to read the tea leaves that our customers are telling us, even on that short cycle. So for our own planning purposes, we're saying we integrate a series of things, it looks as if this could be a slightly more gradual recovery based upon inventories, utilization rates and so on. So you do all that math, and you're right, you get a smaller market. If our market share stays around where it is, then we end up with a smaller SOC business. So that's the SOC story. On LitePoint. LitePoint's an even shorter lead time environment. So the visibility on LitePoint is even tougher to call. And that's evidenced by the fact that when we walked into the year, we were -- we had an ambition to get to $160 million. And now we're going to do nearly twice that. So again, we're pretty mortal on that front. What's different in LitePoint is that we're making some gradual progress on the design -- and I said, we've won this year in terms of fanning out additional design ends. We've got a much bigger footprint in our Asia regions, both in Taiwan and China. So there's a lot more business in play for us, and that's why we're more optimistic on the LitePoint front and also, why there's such a wide range on what could happen with LitePoint next year. So there are a lot of balls in the air. But directionally, we've got a more conservative view with SOC test. We've got a kind of similar view to what Memory could be. In LitePoint, we're optimistic about having another very good year. But that will come from a lot of different pieces of the business than we might have built in our 2012 view.
Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. Maybe just another follow-up question on LitePoint next year. Do you have any early thoughts on the percentage of LitePoint's sales next year that you think will be from connectivity versus LTE since it seems like LTE could be a good opportunity for you to gain more share?
Michael A. Bradley: Yes, connectivity will still be, clearly, more than 1/2. But it's possible. So it can be considerably larger than where it's been in the past.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of CJ Muse with Barclays.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess first question, it looks like based on your guide, you're going to gain about 100 bips a share in SOC test in calendar '12. I'm just curious. As you look to calendar '13, I've got to think NPU spend is lower, graphic spend is lower, and that your share will move higher. So I guess a, was the calculation correct in terms of '12? And then b, as you look to next year, what kind of share gains do you think you could take in terms of your greater share in mobility that will dominate the spend?
Michael A. Bradley: TJ, I think you're pretty close to right. I think the market will end up growing about 5% and will grow about 7-ish percent in the market this year. So we're going to take a little bit more. Remember the segments shift. So we can have an arithmetic variation and share year-to-year, and actually be gaining ground in it or losing ground in it. So -- but I think your short-term calculation is about right. For us, and this is a bit of an old record, but we gained share based on very, very small increments around individual sockets. That very good momentum on the socket front, if you cover it up, the socket were to take place. Our net gains there have been positive the last few years. But the ambition here is, it's in single digits, to be able to try to piece all of those together and get a point of share or 2-points a share, real share growth each year. So it'll move the needle very gradually in the coming years.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then gross margin. If you look year-over-year, a much lower revenue guide for Q4, but up 200 or 300 bips. Is that strictly mix related to LitePoint or are there other issues helping out there?
Gregory R. Beecher: C.J. it's mix. When you look at our gross margin quarter-to-quarter, invariably, it's going to move around considerably, simply based upon mix, whether it high SOC, LitePoint or high hard disk drive or some other mix. So there's nothing other than mix going on.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And then, I guess in HDD, can you comment on what your expectations are there? I get that visibility is extremely low, but curious whether you think that, that business can grow in calendar '13?
Michael A. Bradley: The sizing that we have is consistent with what we said in the past. And that is we've got to get about $125 million a year to hit our model investment rate. We'll be below that this year. We were above it on a 2-year basis. We're about on that rate. But this is -- if there's any business that's had a first half, second half dramatic difference, it's HDD. Virtually, all of our revenue was in the first half of this past year. So you're right that it's a very hard one to call. We do want, I expect to bring some new products to market this coming year. The idea there is to widen that TAM so that we can ensure that we get to this $125 million market, even if there is some compression in the total market. So that's the game plan there. We haven't sized up what the potential is. If you looked at just the history, you'd say that the potential is in a good year for the market and a good market share position for us. We've done above that $125 million. But right now, for planning purposes, were using $125 million.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. If I could just follow-up on that. The new products you talked about. When will they be launched? Are they focused strictly on the 2.5-inch? And I guess how should we think about the potential for revenues off of that?
Gregory R. Beecher: The new products are in the second half of the year, not the first half, so they would show up then.
Michael A. Bradley: And not to be too queued, we haven't disclosed what the target is for the new product development. And we're holding off on that until we get some market penetration with it. But we are opening up the TAM next year, so that the idea of getting to the $125 million and then getting above that is what's in our sights over the next couple of years.
Gregory R. Beecher: As we get closer towards the end of the year, I think we're going to feel better about our position with the product coverage that we'll have.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Satya Kumar with Credit Suisse.
Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: On the Wireless SOC test side, perhaps there's a perception in the market that your market share is stronger than Korean-related ideas[ph] versus perhaps more even market share at the time in these OSATs. If you do end up seeing a significant shift in manufacturing from Korea over to Taiwan for its shift in general, is that a factor that we should think about in terms of SOC market share for Teradyne for 2013?
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes. I don't think that, that would affect our market share if there is such a shift.
Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And why is that? Is it because your market share is similar or...
Michael A. Bradley: It's because we've got a very solid IDM and OSAT installed base of the platform, the UltraFLEX platform that's used for those applications.
Gregory R. Beecher: You want to stick with the tester that works well. And it's the leading tester, so you're not going to jump off the tester if you're moving.
Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. The question on sort of the longer-term outlook for testing, I think you briefly alluded to this, that perhaps testing intensity may go up, but it's hard to say. 2012 has been largely a year of testing, leaning at 28-nanometer chips -- and if you try to just look at the SOC part reaching its maturity pretty nicely. We're starting to see 20 nanometers start to covering that. And there are some in the industry who claim that the trending mode in mechanisms that you start to see with 20-nanometer are a lot higher than we see at 28, how do you see, do you have any early sense of testing possibly, for 20-nanometer chips compared to 28-nanometer chips?
Michael A. Bradley: Satya, I think this is going to be the constant push-pull of failure modes, more testing, more integration on chips, more complexity, longer test times. That's the push, and then the pull is parallelism and pipelining of tests. And so I don't think there's a step function change in it. I think it's going to be that continuous tug-of-war between those 2 forces. If you were saying, well, who's going to win on that? Well, that's the increasing test. I think that the market has found the need to invest in SOC around $2.5 billion a year. And they're finding a way to do that and to get the coverage for these more advanced nodes and be able to keep the capital spend there. That's the constraint that we see, is that the market isn't going to be growing dramatically in total. So we've got to keep being able to do more testing -- more sophisticated testing, but doing it faster, and that's been the formula for progress in this on the whole front.
Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Lastly, on the balance sheet, I know there was a question with the buybacks. But I understand your point about wanting longer-term shareholders. I mean, if I look at the stock over the last few years, it's been a very typical sort of stock that moves with just the seasonal pattern, and there's no is underlying business sub because, there isn't any other mechanism, either buyback or the dividend that returns share cash to shareholders? Given that your business is likely to remain highly seasonal for the foreseeable future, how are you thinking about the situation around dividends in terms of cash if you generate some cash if you go along in order to award its long-term shareholders?
Gregory R. Beecher: It's something we continually look at. We've balanced that again, LitePoint, Eagle and Nextest. Those were cash acquisitions. It's a lot easier to conduct a transaction with cash. So that the Company doesn't have to due diligence on your stock. You can move faster. So the path use of cash, we think has worked out quite well in the M&A front. If you look at our stock path, buybacks over a long period of time, that really hasn't worked out as well. So that's one kind of bucket of information. If you say going forward, we certainly recognize that as cash continues to grow, we need to continue to look at what's the best use of our hard-earned capital. And we've said that in many calls and with many of our investors. So consciously look at that, we know that dividend tax rate may go up, so that's not something we'd look to right away. But even if that tax rate didn't go up, we'd still look at what's the best use of our cash. And it could be continue to hold it for nonorganic acquisitions. And at some point, if cash grows too large, then we'd feel more pressured to do something returning capital. But we're planning on taking a steady course.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Vishal Shah with Deutsche Bank.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I wanted to just a follow-up on the bookings guidance for next quarter. You said fourth quarter will be up. Are you assuming bookings recovery in just the high-end SOC segment or you're also looking at recovery in the microcontroller, auto or linear segments as well?
Michael A. Bradley: Vishal, I think it'll be across the board. Actually, we think it might be steady in the mobility sectors and with the recovery in the other sectors. But it's a very dynamic forecast. So that could change week-to-week. But if you ask me right today, you'd see that the sectors that have been quieter are the ones that, we think, in a very short-term might see a comeback during this quarter. But again, the step up in the fourth quarter that you've seen in the last 2 years, '10 and '11. I take '09 out because of the unusual nature of the overall markets then. You'd say that, that modest step up has been followed by a stronger step up in the following 2 quarters. But the direct answer to your question is, it would tend to be in all the other sectors with probably a steady level of business in the mobility sectors for us. And that's what helped us the best obviously, through the year.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's helpful. And just on LitePoint, you mentioned 50%-plus revenues from the Connectivity segment. What do you think that percentage was this year?
Gregory R. Beecher: In terms of the market share?
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Mix of cellular versus connectivity, would it be 80:20 Connectivity-Cellular or even more than that?
Gregory R. Beecher: Okay. In 2012, Connectivity was well over 90%.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And then as you think about that segment, I mean, I know you guys have gained some market share this year. But what is the competitive environment like? Are you seeing increased pressure in pricing and margins in that segment next year, and how should we think about margins for that segment next year?
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes, we are seeing increased competition. We do still see that we have the best products that have been optimized and can do testing that the other parties can't quite do. But they had some spots that have some appealing products that they are pushing. So it is a little bit more competitive than the past. I don't think there's any significant impact that you'll see from that. We think we can continue to maintain our north of 50% market share looking into the future. On margins, what I'd like to say on margins is we're confident that the LitePoint margins will stay above the company model for margins. But where they are at any particular point in time, we don't want to get into that because there's so many different factors that we'd have to explain to you, so you'd understand why that could be a little bit higher, lower or sideways.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini with Susquehanna International.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Greg, going back to your comment about the 15% EBIT margin at $375 million revenue, how should we think about operating drop through as your revenues are scaled above and beyond $375 million? Is there a metric or a range that you could offer us?
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes, Mehdi. We used 52% in our modeling. There's a wide range. But if you average it out, 52% is a pretty good number. Again, sometimes it's going to be well above it, other times below it. You could look to this past year, and the drop through quarter-to-quarter has moved around considerably depending upon the mix. We've had drop through Q4 to Q1 only 36% at the PBIT line, Mehdi. I think Q1 to Q2 was 70%, then Q2 to Q3 is 53%. So my point is, it's all over the place. But if you average everything out and normalize everything, our estimate would be 52%.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Got it. And then going back to, as a follow-up to a prior question. You obviously put a lot of emphasis on longer-term return to shareholders. But you're also facing seasonality in your business. Is there any new thought that you discuss to help ease the volatility in the business as it relates to the stock? Because as much as you are focusing on long-term return to shareholders, you can't avoid the seasonality in the stock. And I'm just curious if these conversations come up at the Board meeting or there are new ideas that you are contemplating.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes, I mean, those discussions do come up, Mehdi. And we have looked at companies that are serving semi-equipment and in fact pay a dividend. And in truth, we see they have the same generally, peaks and troughs and stock price. And normally, you might think a dividend could give you less volatility. I don't know if the data [indiscernible] is convincing on that. But we have looked at that, and we continue to look at thoughts like to figure out what's the best use of our hard-earned capital.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Got it. And then just one question on the LitePoint. On the business or the opportunities in LTE, to what extent is that coming from gaining market share against the stronger incumbent versus consolidating market share among the smaller players?
Gregory R. Beecher: It would be the former.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jagadish Iyer with Piper Jaffray.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Two questions. First, how should we be thinking about LitePoint in terms of overall industry growth? Can you talk about how your market share growth is versus industry growth for next year, please? And I have a follow-up.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes. In Mike's comments and my comments, we did give a range for LitePoint for next year. I think it was $260 million to $360 million revenue. That's a wide range. But and they were $290 million this year. And I think we also commented that Connectivity market, LitePoint's major market, could be flat to down a bit next year. And Cellular is where we see the opportunity to get some meaningful business in 2013, which would put you to the upper side of that range. When you step back though, from what's going to happen next year, there are very favorable trends in both Connectivity and Cellular, where you have products that have short lives. They get obsolete quickly. New technology has longer test times. You have high unit growth. So new testers would be bought for that. So there's a number of very good factors going on for a period of time that, we think, putting aside where next year falls, we feel good about the year after and the year after. So we think it's going to be a very good market for some number of years, and you can just look around with some of the plans. Wireless is going virtually everywhere, whether it's Internet things, Machine-to-Machine. Those trends haven't really taken off, but it's really these smart devices is driving the business today. But there are some other things that will be coming.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: My second one. Mike, if you look at 2010, your SemiTest revenues versus what would likely to end up this year, and there is a drop from about $1.4 billion to about $1.1 billion. Is that purely from how the market has kind of shrunk? And how should we be thinking about longer-term in terms of the next 2 to 3 years, in terms of how the associate market can potentially grow? Is that going to be just capped between 2.2 to 2.7? Is that the range that we should be thinking about?
Michael A. Bradley: First question is, the answer is yes. It's a -- there were segments that were growing faster in 2010. And the buy rates inside those segments are stronger, so our revenue was higher. Number 2, for planning purposes, we've actually thought about the market as being more compressed to force us to make tighter decisions around our investment portfolio. Three years ago, we were looking at a market that was -- we would size it between $2.0 billion and $2.2 billion. It's actually delivered $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion the last few years. So we think that's more sustainable, even though we've talked about this next year as being somewhat down from that. So in truth, the market has proven to be a stronger market than we had originally anticipated. So that's the bullish side. Looking forward, we still don't think this is a even a high single-digit natural growth in the market. What we said in the past and continue to believe, is that the segments will shift so that the buying that comes in these mobility products will be stronger and stronger. And that the PC-related SOC devices and the buy rates there in the ATE capital there will just redistribute into the other segments. So there is growth inside some of the segments. Those are the ones that we're trying to get stronger and stronger position, and have made real progress over the last 3 or 4 years. But we're not counting on a total growth in that market. We're counting more on segment growth that we can capitalize on.
Gregory R. Beecher: And just to add to Mike's point. What that really has done for us over a number of years, is it's giving us a much better financial model with operating profit rates over 3 years, north of 20%. And when you have that level of financial strength, you can expand the business selectively. And that's in part how LitePoint fit in. And we can have these discussions as to what you'd do with the cash, excess cash. If we had not made these more conservative assumptions and put potential discipline in the Company, there's a whole set of other discussions you'd be having. Why can't you get to model comparability? So it's a good set of issues we have now. What do we do with the growing cash? What's the best use of it? So that's -- we spent much more time on that. Not the model because the model is in good shape.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Operator, we have time for just one more question, please.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Terence Whalen with Citi.
Terence R. Whalen - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just one quick question. You alluded earlier to margin differential between Cellular and Connectivity test in the LitePoint business. Can you help us understand what that differential is, just so we understand how to model that as Cellular picks up here as a portion of overall revenue for LitePoint?
Gregory R. Beecher: I'm not going to get too specific because it's -- nothing's 100% settled right now. But it will be measurably lower, and this is often what's necessary to break into a market where there is entrenched competitors. We think over time we can do better, but the first break in, as has been in many of our other businesses, you tend to start lower then you work your way back through new instruments, new clever engineering. But I don't want to quantify because nothing's settled at this point.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Okay, folks. Thank you, all for joining us today. We look forward to talking to you in the weeks ahead. This concludes our call.
Michael A. Bradley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew J. Blanchard - Vice President of Corporate Relations Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Mahavir Sanghavi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sharon, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Teradyne Q2 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Andrew Blanchard, VP, Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Thank you, Sharon. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our Chief Executive Officer, Mike Bradley; and our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for the second quarter of 2012, as well as our outlook for the third quarter. First, I'd like to address several administrative issues. The press release containing our second quarter results was sent out via Business Wire last evening. Copies are available at teradyne.com, where this call is also being simulcast. Note that during this call, we are providing slides on the website that may be helpful to you on following the discussion. To view them, simply access the Investor page of the site and click on the Live Webcast icon. In addition, replays of this call will be available via the same page about 24 hours after the call ends. The replays will be available along with the slides through August 11. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release, as well as our most recent SEC filings for a complete description. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure were available on our website. To view them, go to the Investor page and click on the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation link. Also, you may want to note that between now and our next conference call, Teradyne will be participating in investor conferences hosted by Barclays, Pacific Trust, Morgan Stanley and Piper Jaffray in August and Citibank and Deutsche Bank in September. Now, let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, our CEO, Mike Bradley, will review the state of the company and the industry in the second quarter and provide our outlook for the third quarter. Then, our CFO, Greg Beecher, will provide more details on our quarterly performance, along with our detailed guidance for the third quarter. We'll then answer your questions. You should note that we intend to end this call after 1 hour. Mike?
Michael A. Bradley: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining our call today. As you can see, we've posted some exceptional results in the second quarter and have registered a very solid first half. So I want to spend some of my time breaking out what's behind those numbers. But after I do that, I'd like to recap the growth trajectory we're on and the strategy behind it. Greg will go into some additional detail on LitePoint, on our model and cash strategy and on what we expect to see in the second half of this year. And of course, he'll also run down the details on the second quarter results. The bottom line of the halfway mark this year is continued strength in SOC test, driven by mobility applications plus an additional boost from the microcontroller and analog sectors. On top of that, a new product ramp in LitePoint has delivered record first half revenues that put LitePoint on course to exceed our original projections for revenues and profits for this year. The SOC story is an extension of what we saw last quarter, that is very strong demand in mobility applications, resulting in a record in UltraFLEX shipments and a near record in bookings. On top of that, we've had an uptick in the microcontroller sector, with our best J750 order rate in 2 years. That brings our J750 install base to over 4,000 systems. Our performance analog business at Eagle had a strong showing with over 100 systems ordered in the quarter, including a number of new socket wins for linear, automotive and power management applications. These milestones for the J750 and the ETS line are noteworthy as they are the workhorse products for high productivity, digital and analog testing, respectively. They complement the versatility of the UltraFLEX with focused, cost-effective architectures that have stood the test of time, are constantly refreshed with new instrumentation and continue to log new design wins. Now the only dim spot in SemiTest was in memory, which continued to be subdued despite some good design in its first 6 months. In SemiTest, IDM and specifier orders were up 4%, while OSAT declined by about 10%. So we had a 2/3, 1/3 split between the 2 end markets. In Systems Test, we've logged a very good first half in hard disk drive and our defense business has continued to strengthen through the year. While the defense sector will show continued strong revenue in the second half, we expect that HDD demand will low, as capacity put in place in the last 6 months is likely to carry customers through the next 6 months or so. In fact, aside from our defense business, we have a natural seasonality to our businesses that generally will be reflected in strong first half bookings, correspondingly strong middle quarter shipments and a natural absorption period in the fourth and first quarters. This is evident in SOC test, where industry revenues will be close to a $3 billion annualized run rate for the first half. So we're due for a normal digestion period in the second half. The seasonality won't be exactly the same each year, but that pattern has been developing in our industry as you all know. And we'll ride that same cycle in our new business units as we do in the established core sectors. That's what you see now as we move our guidance down in the third quarter into the $420 million to $460 million range, with the midpoint being our fourth highest quarter over the last 8 years. As Greg will note, we'll have very strong operating results at that level. Now the standout story so far this year is obviously LitePoint, which broke all of its prior quarterly and six-month records, surging past the $100 million level in revenues, about 3x higher than its previous record. That was achieved through 3 things: First we launched a set of new products, which are were tightly aligned for the next round of smartphones and tablets; second, we executed an ambitious production ramp and met some very demanding customer requirements; and third, we hit our product acceptance milestones early, which translated into those record revenues. We're very fortunate to have a powerful team at LitePoint that's growing its customer base, introducing leading-edge technology and investing in extended R&D and customer support. That team, combined with Teradyne's worldwide organization, has been able to achieve these more aggressive growth objectives. So in our customers' eyes, we've moved up in weight class as a supplier to the wireless industry. I'd lay out the broader landscape as follows: 4 or 5 years ago, we were focused on the core SemiTest market with SOC as our main bet. We made our major R&D investments in the mobility, wireless and power management areas, everything tied to smartphones and tablets. We doubled down with Nextest and Eagle acquisitions, as each of them extended our SOC footprint and market share and launched us into Memory Test at the same time. Those additions have given us just over $250 million of profitable growth each year based upon a solid R&D pipeline. We then built a storage test business on the bet that the DNA of our core could be leveraged into the massively parallel architectures required in hard disk drive test. That has delivered about $400 million in cumulative revenues, now with $100 million to $150 million in revenues each year and leadership in the 2.5-inch drive arena, the largest HDD test segment. And finally, we made a bet that LitePoint would outgrow the wireless test market, arguably the fastest-growing test sector of all. That combined strategy has moved us to an average of $1.5 billion on annual revenues over the last 2 years and puts us on course to move well above that this year and beyond. So we continue to unfold a strategy that first focuses on our core SemiTest business, which is sized to deliver strong market share and solid over-the-cycle financial performance. We don't hold back on the R&D spend in the core, but we're realistic about market growth rates, so we make measured but aggressive investments in the technology and end product sectors with the most growth potential like mobile communications. Second, we try to identify markets where our homegrown or acquired system architecture can be differentiated by offering time-to-market and cost of ownership advantages. Third, we've exited markets where we didn't have critical mass or a technology and distribution leverage. You've seen a few of those over the last few years. And finally, we reinforce the habits of financial discipline in everything we do. So a quick recap on the current state of affairs as we enter the second half. As I said earlier, a strong first half in SOC test, driven by our focus on mobility; an expected seasonal slowdown, but with solid earnings; a very good first half in storage test with upcoming absorption period; and exceptional results from LitePoint, with a longer-term growth trajectory that's shaping up well. Now let me turn it back to Greg.
Gregory R. Beecher: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to first provide some color on our very strong quarter and also comment on our model. Then I'll cover the more detailed second quarter highlights and third quarter guidance and close with some summary comments. In the second quarter, we had sales of $548 million and non-GAAP EPS of $0.77. LitePoint, our wireless test segment, was a stand-out performer with $112 million in revenue and $189 million in bookings in the second quarter. On the product front, LitePoint successfully introduced 2 new wireless calibration and test products in the IQ family, which were both aggressively ramped in the quarter and met customer acceptance tests ahead of schedule. These new products further extend our lead in providing wireless test solutions that enable brand and chipset companies to get their new products to market fast, while also meeting their aggressive cost targets for high-volume production testing. I'll come back to LitePoint a little later. But first I'd like to provide some overall comments on the year as we passed the halfway mark. Our first half non-GAAP EPS of $1.07 gives us our best first half start in the last 10 years. Looking around the corner, we'd expect, as Mike said, normal second half seasonality to come into play. This generally causes our revenue to peak in the second or third quarter and trough in the fourth quarter. For us, apart from adjusting our supply line, our model anticipates and flexes variable costs down in periods of lower sales, allowing us to deliver very solid earnings through the trough and across the cycle. Let me take a moment now to give you a sense of how we think about our normalized sales and earnings. I'm doing this now to remind you of the high-level structure, as there have been a fair number of moving pieces over the last year. You'll recall that our model was set so that at $350 million in quarterly sales, we've delivered a 15% non-GAAP operating profit. Now if I take our average quarterly sales over the last 10 quarters and insert LitePoint at $50 million a quarter, our average quarterly pro forma sales would total $430 million a quarter. So while we only need around $350 million a quarter to generate a 15% operating profit, our pro forma run rate is about $80 million north of this level. Operating with this lean financial model drives our above-industry profitability and strong free cash flow. Looking at this over a slightly longer time period and on an annual basis reveals that we've grown the company from an average top line of $1.1 billion in 2007, 2008 average to $1.5 billion in 2010, 2011 average, and we're on track to step that up to a new level in 2012. Looking at it from a free cash flow perspective, over the last 2.5 years, our free cash flow as a percent of sales has averaged 18.5%. One other quick way to get a sense of the changes we've made is that in 2007, our quarterly breakeven was about where it is now. And we didn't have LitePoint, Nextest, Eagle or storage test businesses at that time. This growth, combined with steady financial discipline, allows us to be on offense in exploiting new growth, whether geared towards expanding LitePoint more aggressively, funding new investments in our other test businesses or adding new inorganic growth engines. We fully expect our core and past growth investments to continue to generate very solid earnings, providing the necessary cash to in turn fund other new close to the core growth, continuing the cycle of increasing our earnings power and cash flow generation in an otherwise cyclical SemiTest market. This is in part why we have been cautious in buying stock back as we believe there may be other good opportunities where we can put our hard earned cash to very good use. Please note, though, there is no predicting whether we will find other suitable M&A candidates. And as such, we continue to evaluate our capital allocation alternatives. In 2012, we expect nearly 50% of our earnings to come from new markets we've entered in the last 5 years. This includes performance analog, memory tests, hard disk drive and most recently, wireless product test. So in short, at the halfway mark to the year, we're averaging quarterly sales of $472 million with a 26% operating profit rate, which tracks quite well against our $350 million, 15% operating model. As you can see from our guidance, using the midpoint, we also expect to operate very favorably toward 15% PBIT model in the third quarter at $440 million in sales and a 24% operating profit. Turning now back to LitePoint. We expect to continue to grow and to gain share. The overall served market is growing, led by healthy trends in mobile computing, particularly the growth of smartphones and tablets, the emerging Internet of things that connect every day household appliances to the Internet, and a bevy of other new wireless applications or familiar devices such as set-top boxes and TVs. So in addition to the healthy unit growth, we're benefiting from an increase in the amount of testing. Smartphones are moving to dual Wi-Fi bands, which increase the number of channels by fivefold. And they are adding multiple antennas, which increases coverage and support faster data rates, both of which increase test times. The new standards such as 802.11ac and LTE obsolete the existing installed base of testers, as these new standards require more bandwidth, more computing power and more complex modulation. So we have a combination of strong unit growth, test time growth and an equipment refresh that extends over a few years. So the future looks quite promising even before factoring in further share gains. To put some guideposts on the LitePoint revenue range going forward, when we announced the purchase in September of last year, we planned for 20% revenue growth per year for several years. That plan had revenues of approximately $160 million in 2012 and $190 million in 2013, totaling $350 million for that 2-year period. Driven by the strong 2012 to date and current outlook, our updated view shows revenue over this 2-year period will likely be closer to $450 million. That's $100 million greater than our initial plan. Keep in mind, though, that LitePoint's quarterly volatility will remain very high with its very short lead times. Moving to SemiTest. Mobility remains a key driver for us. Microcontroller and analog related to power management did see solid improvement in the quarter. Now to the key highlights of the second quarter. We had total company bookings of $502 million and LitePoint bookings of $189 million. SemiTest bookings were essentially flat at 358 million. SOC test orders were 337 million and Memory Test orders were 21 million in the second quarter. SemiTest service orders were 67 million. System test servers orders were 9 million and overall Systems Test Group orders came in at 45 million. In the second quarter, SemiTest sales were 67% of the total. Systems Test Group was 13% and Wireless Test was 20%. Our book-to-bill ratio for the second quarter was 1.1 for the overall company, just shy of 1 for semiconductor test, 0.6 for the Systems Test Group and 1.7 for Wireless Test. At the end of the quarter, our backlog stood at $562 million, of which 81% is scheduled to ship and be recognized as revenue within the next 6 months. The top line of $548 million was up $152 million or 38% sequentially from the first quarter. SemiTest was $365 million, up $97 million or 36% and Systems Test group was $71 million, down $26 million or 27%. Wireless Test was $112 million, up 257%. We had 1 10% customer in the quarter and our top 5 customers accounted for 36% of our second quarter sales. This level of concentration continues to reflect the strength in the mobility area. SemiTest product shipments increased 45% from a quarter ago. Within the $548 million, service revenue was $68 million, a $2 million increase compared to Q1. SemiTest service revenue was $52 million. Total company product turns business was 45% versus 33% a quarter ago. SemiTest product turns business was 40% versus 37% a quarter ago. The increase in product turns business reflects the nature of our wireless segment, which as described to you in the past has shorter lead times and visibility. Memory revenue was $16 million in the quarter. Now moving down the P&L. Non-GAAP gross margins increased from 49% in the first quarter to 57% in the second quarter, due to volume and mix. R&D expenses were $65 million or 12% of sales compared to $60 million or 15% of sales in the first quarter. SG&A expenses were $73 million or 13% of sales compared to the $68 million or 17% of sales in the first quarter. Non-GAAP operating expenses up $138 million or up $10 million from the first quarter, driven primarily by higher variable compensation. Our net non-GAAP interest and other expense was $2 million. We had a cash tax provision of $15.5 million or 9% in the second quarter. We continue to expect a full year cash tax rate around 9%. Cash flow from operations generate $71 million after capital additions. We ended the quarter with gross cash of $829 million. DSO was 57 days, up from 51 in the first quarter, due to the shipment profile being weighted toward the latter part of the second quarter. On the capital allocation front, we still have $169 million remaining under our authorized buyback, and we remain opportunistic in the timing of buybacks to ensure that long-term shareholders are rewarded. We'll also continue to relook at our capital strategy to ensure we provide the best possible returns. We expect to grow cash and marketable securities by about $120 million in the third quarter and end with a gross cash balance of $950 million. As noted in the press release, sales for the third quarter are expected to be between $420 million and $460 million, and non-GAAP EPS range is $0.41 to $0.51 on 208 million diluted shares. I should add that the guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles, the noncash imputed interest on the convertible debt and includes taxes on a cash basis. Our GAAP EPS range is $0.22 to $0.29. The operating profit rate at the midpoint of our third quarter guidance is about 24%. Now moving to the P&L percentages on the third quarter. We expect non-GAAP gross margins to be 55%. R&D should be 16% to 15% and SG&A should be 17% to 16%. Non-GAAP net interest expense is expected to be about $2 million. The cash tax provision should be $8 million to $10 million. So in summary, 2012 is off to a great start. Our growth in this year have delivered another step-up in revenue, our fast first half earnings are the best in 10 years. We're very well aligned to the secular growth in mobility devices and we have a very resilient model that can handle the normal seasonal swings and orders in revenue, while still delivering strong earnings through normal troughs and across the cycle. In the current environment, we'll stay focused on maintaining financial discipline, investing to support growth in our existing businesses and very selectively investing to drive our above-industry average growth. Now I'll turn the call back over to Andy.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Thanks, Greg. Sharon, we'd now like to take some questions. And as a reminder, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jim Covello from Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First, I'm just trying to understand some of the go-forward dynamics of the LitePoint business. It seems like you turned a lot of those orders into revenue in the current quarter. Do you think that's going to be the dynamic of that LitePoint business that's going to be more of a turns business with orders as opposed to some of the longer dated orders to revenue dynamics you've seen in some of the other new segments that you've rolled out?
Michael A. Bradley: Jim, it's Mike. It will be a faster turn business for us. The granularity of the units are smaller. But that piece of the business is just a faster rep rate. We can't say exactly what the lead times will be. We'll have to watch for a few quarters and be able to give you some sense of that as we go forward, but it's clearly going to be inside our larger system structures.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Fair enough. And then if I could ask my follow-up on LitePoint as well. It's been -- it's such a terrific acquisition, great growth and terrific margins. How do you see the margins playing out in that business? Do you think it's going to continue to stay at above corporate average gross margins? Or would you expect some moderation as the business -- as the growth rates sort of stabilizes there a little bit?
Gregory R. Beecher: Jim, this is Greg. We would expect for the foreseeable future the margin should stay above the company average. LitePoint is quite a bit ahead of some of the technology areas and that gives customers a much better advantage in getting the products to market fast with low cost production tests. So I do think it's a unique value proposition that can continue to return good margins.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Satya Kumar from Credit.
Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: You mentioned earlier on that you had some new products that you had introduced in wireless that -- Wireless Test and LitePoint that helped you. Could you provide a little bit more color on whether it was pertaining to perhaps the Wi-Fi side? Or are you starting to make some penetration on the LTE side as well?
Michael A. Bradley: We're not going to get specific on those products, but I will say it's the Wi-Fi side. So those products are Wi-Fi and they were very successful right out -- right from engineering, and they were ramping at record time.
Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And are these products tied to any particular sort of -- particularly strong product cycle that may be happening downstream, if you were there in smartphones and tablets? And what -- obviously at the time of your guidance Q2, you didn't expect this level of performance at LitePoint. At what point did you start getting this visibility and how quickly that, that business trend had been happening?
Michael A. Bradley: Satya, we can connect to specific end products. But on your second question, if you remember on our call last quarter, the guidance we gave in revenue included the low end of the range for LitePoint. And because it's such a turns business, because we had new products ramping, and the question was whether those acceptances would be second quarter versus third quarter, it took us well through the middle part of the quarter and into the third month of the quarter to see how that was going to shape up. And quite frankly, acceptance has turned out to be very good for us and that emerged really in the last few weeks of the quarter.
Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And one last question. You're obviously having a pretty steady revenue pattern over the last 2 or 3 years as you just had noted, and it seems like revenue has stepped up to higher level. It's a bit more diversified as well. And I think you mentioned a couple of times that you're looking at your capital strategy. I understand your position on being opportunistic on buybacks. What are your thoughts specifically, if at all, on initiating a dividend, however small it might be? How serious is that as you consider that at the board level?
Gregory R. Beecher: That, among other possibilities, are explored with our board on an ongoing basis. And I think what I've consistently said is don't expect any sharp turns from what we have been doing. And as -- if you look at what we've done historically, we've been more recently very opportunistic on buybacks. And the returns we've gotten from LitePoint -- and what we expect to get from LitePoint, as well as Eagle and Nextest, we think are quite significant. So we think that's a better use of hard-earned capital. We acknowledge we may not find another good fit. So it all depends, are there -- these other good fits out there. And when you're looking at somebody like LitePoint, it's very hard to use your own stock. The other party is a different industry, so that complicates the deal. So we need enough good dry powder so that if there are these good opportunities that we can move. I think last year, I think this time we had $1.2 billion of gross cash. So we grew cash to a reasonable level, which gave us a good war chest to do a sizable deal. So in summary, I think, expect what we've been doing in the past but we continue to look at it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini from Susquehanna International.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Two follow-on, one on the SemiTest. Mike, would it be fair to say that given the changes going on in customer, there are new applications for controller IC? And in that segment of the test, there are changes going on that is creating the opportunities -- opportunities for SemiTest?
Michael A. Bradley: Mehdi, I think it's an ongoing -- every segment has got new applications. And that's why the design-in work we do to get new sockets on an ongoing basis gives -- is really the essential strategy of the business. But you may want to refine that question.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Just let me -- actually, let me refine it. If you think about what's -- if you look at the end market, there is increased conversions and more functionalities added to the silicon. So one could argue that your SOC test business in the long term could actually see fewer opportunities, because there will be fewer chips. But on the controller side, there is increased application and there is increased focus on embedding controller into the complete solution or more of a "system in a package" solution. So as a background, I see increased wafer-level test for controller to be included into the SIP. And that could drive new demand for controller. So am I right in my thought process? Or are you seeing something different?
Michael A. Bradley: No, I think you're right. And if you remember last quarter when we talked -- maybe the last couple of quarters that, that's why our focus has been on more highly integrated devices and in this mobility sector because we think that as the dollar shifts continually in that direction, I gave some numbers last quarter how that segment of the market would take, we think, at least 4% more of the pie over the next couple of years. It turns out even more than that this year. So I agree with you on that front. And I think the other thing is that if you look back at our history, really over a 20-year period, we've been focusing a major part of our R&D at a strategy that would exploit that higher integration and a higher buy rates that exist and a more buy and the capital that exists in that sector.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Got it. And then on LitePoint, I appreciate an update on the TAM. But the problem I have is the second quarter was so strong. So to get to the $450 million revenue opportunity for '12 and '13, then I need to model a significant decline from first half of '12 into second half of '12. Are you just being conservative? Or is that very difficult to assess the size of the market?
Gregory R. Beecher: Mehdi, LitePoint should operate like our other businesses in terms of strong Q2, Q3, trough in Q4, Q1, low maybe picking up a bit. So it's on the same pattern, that the bulk of the buy is in Q2 and Q3. What we did say is $100 million more than what we described to you guys a quarter ago over a 2-year period. So I think that's just remarkable growth compared to -- we said 20% plus. So the math is, it's much higher than a 20% plus growth rate for the first 2 years. Could be somewhat higher? Of course, Could be somewhat lower? Of course.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Chin from UBS.
Mahavir Sanghavi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: This is Mahavir Sanghavi for Stephen Chin. A quick question on LitePoint about share gains. I mean, you talked about 3 reasons that led to LitePoint's strong results. I was wondering if share gains is another opportunity down the road or if you can share with us what the share was in the first half. Previously you've talked about mid-teen share in the LitePoint business. So I'm wondering if you could share some light -- shed some light on that. And also the second question about HDD. It looks like your HDD customers had a -- one of your customers reported last night, they had really great results. So I was wondering if you could talk about -- if you can perhaps start to see some HDD pickup likely in your first half '13 after some digestion in the second half '12.
Gregory R. Beecher: I'll take the first LitePoint one, and then Mike will take the second. On the LitePoint, LitePoint, the bulk of the growth is a very healthy market for the reasons I mentioned in my prepared remarks. Apart from that there have been share gains. We have doubled the number of customers that are over $0.5 million from a year ago. So we do have many more customers in the fold. We've gained a little bit of share in a new market as a foothold, and hope to expand from there. If you step back and say where is LitePoint in the total market? Our share would be up this year. It's up this year in part because the market were in connectivity, I believe, is healthier this year based upon some of the trends I mentioned and is buying more compared to what the cellular test market would otherwise buy. In addition to that, there's been some number of share gains where we've broken in and gotten a little bit more connectivity business, and we've got a little bit of cellular business.
Michael A. Bradley: Stephen, on the HDD side, the trajectory we're on and the market is on has been, as we said, it's been a strong capacity add period here in the first half. And we do expect that to slow down. There's more capacity in the market -- test capacity right now that there is demand. So we see the next quarter or perhaps 2 to be slower. As that gets absorbed, you could see a pickup in the time frames that you talked about. But the signal we wanted to give to you was that you can't -- we can't just multiply the first part of this year and say, "That's what's the size of the market's going to be." We do expect it to be slower, and absorption period in the second half of this year. As you know, we're focused on 2.5 inch. That's where our -- all of our businesses, we fanned out to a number of customers now, broader set of application, so we've got a very good position on the front. And that market, as you know, that's the biggest piece of the HDD CapEx.
Mahavir Sanghavi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Greg, one quick follow-up. Just you had one customer greater than 10%. Was that a LitePoint customer?
Michael A. Bradley: We're not going to speak to that level of detail. We simply have -- we do have at the company level the customer -- one customer at the company level that's more than 10%. We had one in Q1, one in Q2. And then over the 6-month period, we have one customer at 10% spot on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jagadish Iyer from Piper Jaffray.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Two questions, and I just have a quick housekeeping question. But first on the question, if you look at, Mike, the second half SemiTest revenues in comparison with first half and compared to similar periods in 2011, where you compare first half '11 versus second half '11, clearly there was a 30% decline in SemiTest revenues in '11. How different is it this time, given the backdrop of commentary from companies like TI recently that things are softening? So can you please elaborate which associated segments will be stronger in the second half and which one will be weaker in the second half? And then I have a follow-up.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes. Jagadish, so let me come at that 2 ways. One is you're right, we're about -- the signal we're giving the second half would be softer. The numbers behind that, if you recall, the industry in SOC was running at an annualized $2 billion rate as we exited 2011. First half of this year, it's just a nudge under $3 billion. So the ramp-up has been dramatic. You know the $3 billion would be about $400 million higher than the market size for the last couple of years, and the buy rate would be higher than the regular run rate. So we do expect a correction in the second half. The slide that we've shown in our package, it's available to you. so we think we end up between $2.5 billion and $2.8 billion, so take the midpoint of that, $2.6 billion -- - between $2.6 billion, $2.7 billion. And that means that you have a correction, with a likely correction in the second half of this year. That's what we would expect. The segment information, let me tell you, I think this is a little bit of a repeat of what we've said in the past because the pattern is very similar, and that is mobility, it has been the driver. That's our RF mobile processors base band. We've had, and I think the market likely has had 3 quarters of growth, sequential growth. Power management has been very strong the last 3 quarters, grown so much that actually it was down a little bit for us this quarter. And in places like microcontroller and linear were up after finally a few quarters of down. Those were both up. So our expectation is that everything recedes as we go into the second half of the year, but the order of buying, in other words, the Pareto will still probably stack up with the mobility sector for us, power management, microcontroller, linear, in that order.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And just a quick follow-up. How should we think about LitePoint in the context of broader market growth for the total LitePoint's market? And how does LitePoint grow in '12 versus '13? How should we think about that in terms of the broader market? Is it outgrowing? I mean, any color on that.
Gregory R. Beecher: We would expect LitePoint to outgrow the wireless market for the next several years.
Michael A. Bradley: I think we'll -- as we log a few more quarters and a couple more years, we'll hopefully have a better picture. This market doesn't get tabulated the way the SemiTest markets have been for the last 5 or even 10 years. Our estimates were that the test market was going to grow at about 10%. We were shooting for a 20% growth. We're clearly well above that. So the kind of accuracy of measurements, we can't give you the same in the LitePoint and test market. But I think it's pretty clear with the level of growth that we've got, if we can sustain that on an annual basis, then we're clearly moving faster than the market is.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: One -- just a quick housekeeping. Greg, I just wanted to find out your accounts receivables kind of increased in the second quarter. Any color on that?
Gregory R. Beecher: That's simply shipments were skewed towards the end of the quarter and therefore, the payment wasn't due from the customer.
Operator: You're next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar from Bank of America.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Two quick ones. Greg and Mike, when I look at your LitePoint booking, which has been phenomenal in Q2, can you tell me how many customers are in this?
Gregory R. Beecher: Of course. Yes, I don't have that handy, but there's too many to -- 30 or 40, but I don't -- we have to go back and count.
Michael A. Bradley: It's a -- if you put the Paretos next to SemiTest, it's actually a lighter Pareto than SemiTest. But because the units value of the systems is smaller. At that -- at the end of the Pareto, the numbers are very, very small. But it's a very, very broad and distributed -- geographically distributed market. Obviously, the big guys are the big guys, and take up a large chunk of the business. But it's a very wide terrain.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then other question on the competition, both on your core SOC and the wireless side. On the core SOC, I mean there seemed to have been some movement in Q1, especially in the mobility side, with one of your Japanese comps taking some market share because of you guys being capacity constrained. I want to find what are the situations in Q2? Has it resolved itself because you expanded your manufacturing? And along the same lines for wireless, do you have any thoughts on Agilent picking up the test assets of AT4 systems, not the certification, but it seems like they picked up some of the test business. How do you think of that looking ahead on the LTE side?
Michael A. Bradley: Let's see. First question. The bottlenecks we had in the first quarter are behind us. Those were caused by us having really a year's worth of demand in our high-end system UltraFLEX coming in one quarter. Unusual for us not to get every piece of business that comes in the door. But that is behind us. At this point, we've ramped that product very aggressive and we're positioned to be able to -- not to be capacity constrained at this point. Second question, on wireless, say that again.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: It was on the Agilent acquisition of the test assets of AT4 systems, which competes on the LTE side with you guys.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes. This is Greg, we haven't seen that particular transaction. If I can step back, what we're doing in this market is we're working with the lead accounts where we've helped them on connectivity and we have deep relationships and credibility. And we're demonstrating our product, which can do 4 ducts at the same time. The competitors can't do that. They're trying to. So it's simply a design-in cycle that takes a period of time. And if you are successful, you tend to get in as a second source for some piece of business. So we're on that path, we feel good. How we're doing? It just -- it takes time. It can be a year process, and we're tracking it very carefully where we are.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Ho from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Mike, in terms of the SOC test seasonal aspects, do you believe that there's been any change this year relative to past years, given some of the current market sentiment and maybe some of the caution that's emerging? Could this year come a little bit earlier in terms of that seasonal pause?
Michael A. Bradley: Yes. But measured, Patrick, in months. The first quarter demand, certainly, from a unit standpoint would be one of the top first quarters that we've seen in the past. And first quarter of 2010, with the 2009 correction was big, obviously. But I'm not sure. Are you getting at whether...
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I guess, what I'm trying to get at is sometimes you do see September still being a relatively healthy SOC test quarter. I'm just wondering if it's because the market sentiment has obviously changed, whether you've seen that kind of pulled into the June quarter, and that's why you're seeing the pause now versus, say, in Q4.
Michael A. Bradley: Well, I think definitely there's a sentiment. The big question mark on world economies and consumer demand and transition of mobility products and all of that stuff is putting a pause. And so I'd mildly agree with you that things are uncertain. The reason we've said that we -- that Q3 is down is 3 reasons. One is the vibrations from the customers are suggesting that they've put a lot in place and they will probably put less in place in the third quarter, number one. Number two, history tells us, on the exhibit, we've included in this -- on the website, history tells us that third and fourth quarter are usually down. So I wouldn't say this would be unusual, they're usually down. And number three, with the run rate in SOC at $3 billion, we think it has to back off a little bit despite the dollar growth in the SemiTest device market, the SOC -- I'm sorry the SOC device market, that comes down, too. So if you put all those 3 together and the betting man says that the third quarter and certainly the fourth quarter are likely down.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. That's helpful. Going to the LitePoint for a second, you mentioned that you guys did really well going from the engineering side to the product ramp for some of the new products. Has that -- did you add capacity, I guess earlier this year or late last year for that ramp? Or is this is something that you've been able to just leverage with your existing capacity? And what's the outlook going forward given the strength in the June quarter?
Michael A. Bradley: All right. We grow that capacity as we do in SemiTest with our manufacturing partner -- set of partners, but main partner. And we've been able to ramp the capacity on these products with that same infrastructure. So -- but obviously inside that factory, it was a very ambitious and aggressive ramp program, not just in unit volume but in the introduction of the new products that Greg talked about.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Vishal Shah from Deutsche Bank.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Greg, I wanted to just understand the increase in LitePoint revenues, $100 million. Is that going to be all from Wi-Fi side? Or you also embedding in the increase some share gains in the cellular side as well?
Gregory R. Beecher: I'd rather speak to the not any one quarter. But if I could speak for the year, for the year...
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I am talking about your $350 million to $450 million guidance for the 2 years.
Gregory R. Beecher: Okay. Let's just say 2012 at the moment, okay?
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes.
Gregory R. Beecher: So 2012, we would have -- certainly have cellular test business. That would be a small piece of our business. We would have 802.11ac, you didn't ask about that but that's another new product, so it's a small amount of that business which will ramp much more in the future. But yes, there is cellular business in, there's some good chunks in there, but it's not significant in the grand scheme of things. And we expect it to grow in the subsequent years.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And as you sort of think about the higher revenue run rate, has your outlook on the operating margins for the segment changed? You had talked about slightly better margins, more than 15% target model. Should we now sort of think about few hundred basis points higher margins?
Gregory R. Beecher: No, I don't think the margins are going to go up. I think as -- the more successful we are with some large volume deals, there's -- our best guess is those stay similar where they are. We do spend a fair amount on the OpEx, too, in this business. To give an example, OpEx was running at about $12 million a quarter in 2011. In 2012, we're going to close at $23 million a quarter. So we're about doubling it. So we're investing a lot. So while the gross margins are great, there are a fair amount of costs that are below gross margins as well.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of C.J. Muse from Barclays.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess first question on LitePoint. If you look at the order run rate versus revenues over the last 3 quarters, it looks like your backlog is around $80 million. So curious is that calculation correct? And is that the kind of number we should think about in terms of revenues there in the September quarter?
Gregory R. Beecher: In that number, there is some extended warranty too, that is deferred revenue that gets recognized over a period of time. So 10% of it, you'd almost want to haircut, C.J., because that's service revenue over a period of time. But then the bulk of it would be product revenue. The numbers are a little higher than what you put forth, but you're close enough with your guess. And yes, so that's in part in our guidance. But keep in mind with 2-week lead times, it's also possible those orders could get canceled, pushed out. Therefore, it is a little trickier forecasting LitePoint than our existing businesses.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, that's fair. I guess, if you think about that kind of number and if you assume nothing in December, you're still around the $225 million run rate. So curious on the $450 million guide for the 2 years combined, is that just conservatism? Or should be thinking about a higher number given how you talked about seeing faster than mobility growth year-on-year in '13?
Gregory R. Beecher: Well, I think time will tell. Is it conservative or not? There's so many different things we have to look at and evaluate. Dual bands, for example, this year the Wi-Fi. That's driven much more buying. That's in the base now. So the next round of testers aren't going to quad bands. So there isn't that extra jump. So we sort of -- because of that, we're -- we see that might be a little bit of an anchor, but then we see balloons in terms of cellular as well as unit growth. So there's so many things in the stew that we look at that it could be up, could be flat. And we just thought at this point, this is what we feel quite confident with, and we don't want to put numbers forth that we're not quite confident with.
Michael A. Bradley: But C.J., I think -- to be fair, I think, I'd second your proposition there, and that is what we wanted to do was to indicate that this is a very strong picture. And yes, we -- maybe we are being conservative, but honestly it's not a bottoms-up forecast that gives us the $450 million number. It's more of a top-down thing that says, if we sustain this level, we could see some backing off in 2013, because we can't build it all up from the bottom. But even if we do, there's another -- there's an extra $100 million on the table. So legitimately, if we could keep on this trajectory, then obviously we've got more than $100 million plus in that picture. It's a top-down calculation.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: But from a revenue per handset perspective, how do you think about kind of current Wi-Fi purchases versus AC and cellular, particularly as we move to LTE?
Gregory R. Beecher: Revenue per handset in terms of...
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I'm just trying to understand the rising test time for LTE, AC and -- so what that means in terms of incremental testers required vis-a-vis what your seeing on the Wi-Fi side?
Gregory R. Beecher: Great. I think the trend will be positive, there because obviously it's a new standard, and existing testers don't support that. So you need to buy a new tester. And often you find test times are longer. Anytime you can get more through, I'll call it a pipe, there's more to test, whether its more channels, more signals so test times are likely to go up, and you need new testers. So I do think that's a very favorable trend and that's going to play out over quite a few years, the LTE. That's not going at a rapid pace right now.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got you, that's helpful. And then one last question for me. On the SOC test side it looks like you've widened the band there by about 100 million to the downside and 100 million to the upside versus kind of the prior conversations. So curious on that front, what would drive that to the high end? And what would get us to the low end? What are your thoughts there?
Michael A. Bradley: I think the main thing that would push to the high-end is if this new product launch is in the growth, in the mobility sectors stay for another quarter, then you get to the high end. I think it only takes another quarter of that to happen. So that's why we got the range there. But there's nothing magical about having one more quarter and have one year that's a little high because we saw in 2010 an accumulation of held-off buying from 2009 period. So you could get to the top end, since we're halfway through the year and honestly, it takes only an extra quarter of push. Our expectation, though, both in short-term information from customers and in the macro calculations are that the absorption period starts here over the course of this next quarter. We could be wrong.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Andrew J. Blanchard: Okay, operator. I think we have an empty queue. So we will conclude today's call. Thank you for your interest in Teradyne, and we look forward to talking with you down the road.
Michael A. Bradley: Many thanks, guys.
Gregory R. Beecher: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew J. Blanchard - Vice President of Corporate Relations Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting officer, Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Wenge Yang - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Raj Seth - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division David Duley Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Katie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q1 2012 earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] Andrew Blanchard, you may begin your conference.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Thank you, Katie. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our Chief Executive Officer, Mike Bradley; and our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher.  Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for the first quarter of 2012, as well as our outlook for the second quarter. First, I'd like to address several administrative issues. The press release containing our most recent financial results was sent out via Business Wire last evening. Copies are available at teradyne.com, where this call is also being simulcast. Note that during this call we are providing slides on the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion. To view them, simply access the investor Page of the site and click on the Live Webcast icon. In addition, replays of this call will be available via the same page about 24 hours after the call ends. The replays will be available along with the slides through May 12. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statements contained in the earnings release, as well as our most recent SEC filings for a complete description. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We have posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure where available on our website. To view them, go to the Investor Page and click on the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation link. Also, you may want to note that between now and our next conference call, Teradyne will be participating in the Bank of America Merrill Lynch conference on May 9, in San Francisco, Craig-Hallum Investor conference on May 30 in Minneapolis, Cowen and Company's Annual TMT Conference on May 31 in New York, and SEMICON West in San Francisco in July. Now, let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, our CEO, Mike Bradley, will review the state of the company and the industry in the first quarter and provide our outlook for the second quarter. Then, our CFO, Greg Beecher, will provide more details on our quarterly performance, along with our guidance for the second quarter. We'll then answer your questions. For scheduling purposes, you should note that we intend to end this call after one hour. Mike?
Michael A. Bradley: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for being with us again today. As you can see, we're off to a very strong start in 2012, with nearly $400 million in first quarter revenues and a projection for $100 million or more in revenue growth in Q2. This will be the second quarter in a row of adding about $100 million to the top line, and represents just over 70% growth off the Q4 2011 trough. And with it, we'll post our best first half totals in nearly a decade. Obviously, a piece of this momentum comes from the SOC sector, which is rebounding from last year's second half pullback. This market recovery will lift all boats to some degree. But I want to emphasize the 2 or 3 main stories behind these growth numbers that we are seeing, which are unique to us.  First, our focus on the complex SOC chips within the wave of new mobility products is producing unprecedented demand for our UltraFLEX system. The chip coverage we have in the latest smartphones and tablets have fueled a sharp increase in demand for testers that cover baseband processors, wireless connectivity chips and power management ICs. Just about 90% of our SOC bookings increase in Q1 was accounted for by this upsurge in UltraFLEX demand. Second, our storage test product line will post first half revenue numbers nearly equal to the second half of last year, which was itself a half-year record. So the market acceptance of our 2.5-inch drive test product remains broad and strong. And third, we'll have very good growth from LitePoint as they outpace the market in end product wireless test. In addition, we'll continue to get steady top and bottom line performance from our defense, our board test and our memory test units. Obviously, back-to-back quarters like we're seeing will stir questions about both the near and long-term sustainability of what we're seeing. For the near term, you can see that we're leaning into things, ramping of revenues a bit faster than our trailing bookings. We're doing this both because we see some short-term strength, but also because we're getting a more versus less tone from our customers as we plan nearing capacity.  Over the horizon, things understandably get less clear. On the downside, our global concerns about economic growth, and on the upside, our continued strong signals in the mobility sector, coupled with the possibility of second-half recoveries in other segments, like automotive and microcontrollers. So let me comment on some of the broader market issues, then step back for some thoughts on our longer-term strategy and how the business portfolio is coming together. As you know, the SOC total market run rate in the fourth quarter of last year was at $2.1 billion, down from about a $2.7 billion run rate in the middle of last year. PC-based buying was holding up, but all other sectors, like wireless, automotive, microcontrollers and precision analog, were all well off their 2010 and 2011 peaks. OSAT buying hit its trough in Q3 of last year, that was quickly followed by IDMs in Q4, which posted a 10-quarter low as the year closed. Now as we close out the first quarter, the market run rate is up to $2.6 billion or $2.7 billion, and for us, IDMs are up over 80% from their lows and OSATs are up almost 2.5x the 2011 trough and 25% sequentially up. With this strong first half in 2012, we could see a total SOC market in the $2.4 billion to $2.7 billion range, even if the market pulls back some in the second half. Now memory has not seen the same inflection, as the last 2 quarters continue to reflect about a $600 million run rate. While memory demand for us was up sequentially due to some successful design in work, we're expecting an overall market -- memory market in the $600 million to $700 million range this year. Of course, the second half is a wildcard, but the surge in SOC is not currently mirrored in the memory space. In storage test, we've come off a very strong year and our backlog position has a very good first half dialed in. As I've mentioned in past calls, all of our demand is in the 2.5-inch hard disk drive space, where we've broadened our product offerings and our customer base in the last 18 months. With a solid first half, we expect to meet our plan for at least $125 million in storage test sales this year. Which brings me to LitePoint, which has been running at about a $30 million in quarterly revenue level since we combined in October of last year. We're expecting our revenues to ramp substantially this quarter, putting us on path for at least a $160 million revenue year, and that's a 20% or more increase over 2011. Since LitePoint lead times are very short, we won't be surprised by significant swings in this business. I will say that robust wireless unit growth will be the principal driver of the test market this year. So as we launch into 2012, the results out of the gate are very promising. Our 2 new businesses are on track for strong first halfs, our SemiTest business has record demand for next-generation smartphone and tablet-driven components and some dormant sectors offer the promise to turn on as we progress through the year. Nextest and Eagle Test are fully integrated and performing well. Storage test has built a $100 million to $150 million per year business from scratch in under 4 years. And LitePoint is expanding its footprint, its solutions and its revenue base across the globe. We do intend to increase some investments, both in engineering and customer support, to ensure that our momentum continues in the years ahead. Now these have all been covered in prior discussions about our model P&L. And of course, we remain alert to make other prudent investments with our hard-earned capital as opportunities present themselves. Now let me turn it over to Greg for the financial perspective, as well as for some extended comments on the LitePoint progress.
Gregory R. Beecher: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to first offer some perspective on our strong start to the year, including some comments on our model. Then I'll cover the more detailed first quarter highlights and second quarter guidance, and close with some summary comments. Looking at the strong start to the year. We're on course to have first half sales ranging from $890 million to $930 million. Recall that our sales over the last 2 years have averaged $1.5 billion a year.  It wasn't too long ago in 2007 and '08 when using similar SOC test market sizes, we average annual sales closer to $1.1 billion. As you know, Eagle and Nextest played key roles in this earlier growth, along with our expansion into hard disk drive testing. Most recently, we added LitePoint into the fold in late 2011. LitePoint's contribution is expected to kick into a higher gear in the second quarter, along with a strong SOC test mobility demand on the UltraFLEX. So as Mike talked about, mobility is the key driver, which brings along wireless, power management, baseband and FLASH memory. We estimate that we have over 60% of the SOC test mobility buying and expect to gain additional mobility share with our UltraFLEX platform, and some of our recent mobility design wins have a considerable lag before they hit production. UltraFLEX, which is now coming back into the spotlight with a strong growth in mobility, was designed from the ground up to enable complex devices to get to market faster with easier to program software and deliver the highest throughput for these devices. We also have strong share in segments that are well below their average buying of the last 2 years, such as microcontroller, performance analog and automotive. So there is other SemiTest demand that has not kicked in yet, but we expect will pick up as the year unfolds. On the model front, recall in our October call, we update the model to include some additional engineering investment and distribution coverage in order to drive the next round of share growth. We said that at $350 million of quarterly sales, we'd expect a 15% non-GAAP EBIT and a healthy drop through beyond that level. We continue to operate on that model. And depending upon revenue level and product mix, the drop through can vary significantly. So the key take away is that, while we're maintaining strict financial discipline, the model does support our investments for additional growth, particularly in LitePoint. As a quick reminder, the primary swing factor in any one period against the model is the mix of business, given we have both large program buying and a wide range of products with different margins. In Q1, for example, the mix was heavy with storage test shipments, which weighed on gross margins. As you'd expect, there is a direct connection with the level of operating expenses that the different margin businesses consume. Namely, the lower margin businesses consume less than operating expenses. As you will recall, the standout growth business last year was storage test, delivering revenues of over $150 million. Before that, SemiTest share gains via Eagle and Nextest products with our distribution muscle were the main show. While storage test and semi continue to deliver quite nicely, we expect LitePoint to take some of the center stage. LitePoint gained about 4 points of share last year in a $1 billion test market that is growing about 10% a year. We expect LitePoint to continue to grow share this year from their current level in the low teens. LitePoint offers production-optimized solutions that enable brands and chipset companies to get their products the volume faster.  In addition to gaining share, longer-term outlook is driven by 2 important trends. First, the number of wireless devices continues to grow at a midteens or higher rate. These devices range from the familiar smartphones, tablets and PC networks, to the perhaps less familiar networks connecting industrial equipment, household appliances and smart grids.  Second, expanding demand for more information across many different forms of devices, like tablets, smartphones, laptops, eReaders, to name a few, is driving a need for new standards to deliver this growing data volume.  In Wi-Fi, it's 802.11ac where the first wave of adoption will be in products that have higher power, such as PCs. In server, it's LTE. Both these new standards cannot be tested on the installed base testers. The higher performance requires new testers and the volume of data will also drive test times higher. So we have the combination of unit growth and technology refresh that extends over a few years, coupled with LitePoint's unique product lineup driving this business forward. Last year, LitePoint had sales of $130 million. And inside of Teradyne, its sales were $28 million, as we acquired them in the fourth quarter. This year, we're on track to meet our LitePoint sales target of $160 million or more. Now moving to the key highlights of the first quarter. We met our sales and earnings guidance with a top line of $397 million and non-GAAP EPS of $0.30. Storage test had a very strong start to the year, with its second-highest quarterly revenue in history. Moving to the demand side, SemiTest bookings grew $130 million, or 55%, to $363 million. SOC test orders were $335 million and Memory Test orders were $28 million in the first quarter. SemiTest service orders were $62 million, system test servers orders were $14 million. And overall, system test group orders came in at $53 million. Wireless test orders were $42 million in the quarter. In the first quarter, Semitest sales were 67% of the total, Systems Test group was 25% and wireless test was 8%. Our book-to-bill ratio for the first quarter was 1.2 to for the overall company, 1.4 for SemiTest, 0.5 for the system test group, and 1.3 for wireless test. At the end of the quarter, our backlog stood at $519 million, of which 85% is scheduled to ship and be recognized as revenue within the next 6 months. The top line of $397 million was up $100 million or 34% sequentially from the fourth quarter, SemiTest was $268 million, up $65 million or 32%, and Systems Test group was $98 million, up $32 million or 48%. Wireless test was $31 million, up 10%. We had 2 10% customers in the quarter, and our top 5 customers accounted for 42% of our first quarter sales. This level of concentration is unusual for us and reflects the strength in the mobility area. In the fourth quarter, for example, we had no 10% customers and the top 5 were 30% of our sales. Looking over a broader time period, in the last 8 quarters, we had 28 different customers among our top 10. So you can see we don't encounter the dense concentration that some equipment markets see. SemiTest product shipments increased 46% from a quarter ago. Within that $397 million, service revenue was $66 million, a $3 million decrease compared to the fourth quarter, due to a reduction in application demand.  SemiTest service revenue was $51 million. Total company product turns business was 33% versus 38% a quarter ago. SemiTest product turns business was 37% versus 40% a quarter ago.  Memory revenue was $22 million. Before I take you through some of the P&L details, I should quickly add that we've made a change in our accounting to mark our pension gains and losses to market versus spreading them into future periods. This has the impact of changing some of our historical results, and overall, will lower our quarterly cost about $2 million a quarter. In the fourth quarter, on the GAAP, there will also be an annual mark-to-market adjustment that will show up in the GAAP results only.  We've added a reconciliation table to our website and more footnote disclosure in our release on the impact of this change. The fourth quarter comparison numbers that follow reflect this change and we've excluded the annual mark-to-market adjustment in our non-GAAP results for better comparability. Now moving down the P&L. Non-GAAP gross margins decreased from 50% in the fourth quarter to 49% in the first quarter due primarily to mix. The primary mix shift was a much greater percentage of hard disk drives sales, as customers accelerate purchases in part as a result of the Thailand flooding.  R&D expenses were $60 million or 15% of sales compared to $53 million or 18% of sales in the fourth quarter. SG&A expenses were $68 million, or 17% of sales, compared to $62 million or 21% of sales in the fourth quarter. Operating expenses in total of $128 million were up $13 million from the fourth quarter non-GAAP numbers, driven by higher variable compensation and primarily, LitePoint growth investments. Our net non-GAAP interest and other expense was $2 million. We had a cash tax provision of $6 million or 9% in the first quarter. We expect a full year cash tax rate closer to 9%, down from our earlier estimate of 10% to 12%.  Cash from operations used $16 million after capital additions. Recall that in the first quarter, we pay out the majority of employee variable compensation, and we had very low DSO at year-end of 40 days. On the capital allocation front, we have $169 million remaining under our authorized buyback, and we will remain opportunistic in the timing of buybacks to ensure that long-term shareholders are rewarded. We'll also continue to relook at our capital strategy to ensure we provide the best possible returns. On the M&A front, I want to first say that we very much like the portfolio of businesses that we have. There is nothing that is missing from a strategic perspective or any hole that we need to fill. We also recall that each business contributed model or better progress in 2011. So on the M&A front, apart from telling you we'll maintain our strict and disciplined criteria when evaluating opportunities, there is simply no predicting whether we find another good fit over the next few years. We expect to grow cash and marketable securities by about $90 million in the second quarter and end with a gross balance of $833 million. As noted in the press release, sales for the second quarter are expected to be between $490 million and $530 million, and the non-GAAP EPS range is $0.53 to $0.62 on $210 million diluted shares. I should point out that this guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles, the non-cash imputed interest on the convertible debt and the inventory step-up charge related to the acquisition of LitePoint. Our GAAP EPS range is $0.31 to $0.37. The operating profit rate at the midpoint of our second quarter guidance is about 26%.  Now moving to the P&L percentages in the second quarter. We expect non-GAAP gross margins to be 54%. R&D should be 14% to 13%, and SG&A should be 15% to 14%.  Non-GAAP net interest expense is expected to be about $2 million. The cash tax provision should be $10 million to $12 million. In summary, 2012 is off to a great start, with our second highest HDD revenue in history per quarter, a very strong mobility market driving our SOC and LitePoint orders, and the potential for other market segments to pick up as the year unfolds. In this environment we'll stay focused on gaining share and maintaining financial discipline while also very selectively investing to drive our above industry rate of growth. Now I'll turn the call back over to Andy.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Thanks, Greg. Katie, we'd now like to take some questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jim Covello from Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess the first thing I wanted to ask about was just -- it really speaks to the diversification of your model that a couple of your segments or customers that had been big customers in the past aren't really very active right now and still you have terrific results. You listen to the Texas Instruments call the other day, and they talk about near record low CapEx. And obviously, the memory segment is very weak right now and still you're able to produce terrific results. If I look forward, I mean is it really -- you mentioned microcontrollers. Is it really kind of that microcontroller kind of core analog business, and then the memory segment that could drive even higher incremental growth in the back half of the year, those are the 2 main segments that we should be looking at?
Michael A. Bradley: Jim, this is Mike. Yes, it would be microcontrollers automotive, linear precision analog, in the semi space, in the SOC space and memory, obviously. Those are the ones that are -- that haven't seen the pickup.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And what do -- is it just simply a function of utilization rates? Or are there some technology transitions, particularly on the microcontrollers side that could drive the pickup? And then in memory, is it just pricing that we should be watching there?
Michael A. Bradley: It's utilization on the analog and the microcontrollers side. And then memory -- the forces that have kept the market low continue, which are: Reuse of existing equipment, reduction of test times, increasing parallelism. And I think you have to add in -- as we've come into the market, especially in the FLASH space, the test capital cost per site. All of those things have had an impact on the market.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Terrific. If I could just ask one other quick follow-up. You mentioned on the buyback, the $169 million, I think, you said remaining and you talked about being opportunistic. How do you guys define good value at this point with your stock relative to an improving financial model, but also a decently improving stock price. Is it a price earnings metric or is it just more mechanical than that in terms of how you think about being opportunistic to buy the stock?
Gregory R. Beecher: That's good question, Jim. What we do is we look at the intrinsic value of the company. We do a DCF analysis with different assumptions. So we come up to sort of a range of the stock. And then what we do after that is we discount it twice, which then becomes somewhat conservative discounts, just to ensure that the number we buy back at has high confidence that it's a good deal for long-term shareholders. If I go back a few years, we didn't discount it as much and we bought back at prices that we wish we had not. So we're very conservative in the price we pick, given the history of many tech companies mistime buybacks, they're buying back when they're healthy and they have a lot of cash. So we want to be more opportunistic.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wenge Yang from Citi.
Wenge Yang - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Two things. First of all, when I -- you mentioned about 60% share in the mobility market test, and also given some recent design wins, could you comment a little bit more on which segments are you actually gaining shares? And also, what's the reason behind share gains?
Michael A. Bradley: Yes, Wenge, we said in the opening comments that we think we've got a roughly 60% share in the mobility market. That's a little bit hard to pin down, but -- because there's so many devices, so many customers. But we do think we're above, a little above the 50% level. If you look inside tablets and smartphones, the devices that comprise those systems -- made up of a variety of different devices, we're very strong really across the board. If you said where are we the weakest? We're the weakest in memory obviously, because we've got lowest share in memory, but we're the strongest in the wireless transceiver space, power management and so on. Now winning is a matter of gaining a socket here and a socket there over time. So we've got the portfolio of instrumentation to go after everything that's in those mobility products. And as we win a socket and a generation of socket, that's how we win the overall share. There isn't a particular subsegment of the technology in those devices that we would say we've got 90% share or another place where we've got 10% share. We've really got pretty good coverage from an instrumentation and economics of test standpoint to cover them all.
Wenge Yang - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: That's helpful. Just a quick follow-up for Greg. In terms of gross margin assumptions, if I use UltraFLEX or the core SOC test as the corporate average, is it safe to assume that the HDD is about 5% to 10% lower in terms of gross margin and LitePoint is 5% to 10% higher in terms of gross margin?
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes. I would assume storage test is closer to a little more than 10% -- it's about 10% below. So storage test would be the low -- 10% below and LitePoint we'd expect to be a little bit above the SemiTest. If you look at the margin guidance for the second quarter, 54%, that's generally consistent with the model. I should point out that there's still some healthy storage test business in those numbers. Still higher than an average quarterly run rate, but obviously as the numbers get higher, the impact of storage test gets watered down a bit because you've got a big denominator. So I think overall, the margins are tracking to model and I think we really see the variations, you have sales get a low and there's a heavy skew of either a higher or lower margin business. That's where it really shows up.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar from Bank of America.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I had a couple of them. Michael, Greg, can you tell us what is the third available market for mobility testing this year?
Gregory R. Beecher: In SOC test?
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, the mobility portion of it.
Gregory R. Beecher: Try to fill that one.
Michael A. Bradley: Krish, there's no good number. Let me do it from our numbers out rather than being able to say what the total market is because all of the suppliers in this space group their bookings in different ways. Our bookings have trended such that the mobility sectors, if you add up RF mobile processors, baseband, power management, image sensor, all of those together have tended to be more than 50% of the total market. So as a rule of thumb, that's the way we think about it. It's more than 50% of the total. But it ranges from very general purpose, high-performance UltraFLEX type systems to more dedicated systems, like we find in the image sensor space or in power management. So that testers are wide range of testers. But I think when you put it all together, you're in the 50% plus of the SOC market is connected in some way to mobility.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: All right. That's been helpful. And then 2 other questions. In terms of your top 10, the 2 10% plus customers, which segments were they -- were they like SDD, IDM, OSAT, can you help us understand that?
Michael A. Bradley: The 2 top 10% are IDMs.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So, both are IDMs. Got it. And then the final question, let's say the back half of the memory recovers at some point into next year, the Memory Test business does recover. Which one do you expect to recover first, the DRAM or the NAND testing?
Michael A. Bradley: We think that, that NAND would recover more than DRAM.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini from Susquehanna International.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I have a question on LitePoint. You guys keep talking about a minimum up to $160 million of revenues here, but at the same time you are gaining share. This is a fast growth market. Is there anyway you could give us a range so that we could better evaluate dollars of opportunities?
Michael A. Bradley: Mehdi, at this point, we really can't. It's such a lumpy business for 3.5, almost 4 months into the year. I think for another quarter or so, what we'll say is, we believe we've got $160 million plus. We're very confident of being able to meet or exceed that $160 million level. We may be able, as we get into the middle part of the year, to give better resolution on that. But I'd say 3 months ago, we were saying from account standpoint, that's our objective right now. I'm pretty confident that we'll beat number, but I really can't give you a range as to how much we might beat it by. But I'm confident that we can meet and exceed that number.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Fair. And Mike, I appreciate the color you provided earlier about how you see the SemiTest market. But maybe I want to go back to the cyclicality nature of the SemiTest and outside of memory in the core SOC, what gives you confidence that Q2 is not the peak of the current spending cycle? Is there anything else that you see out there that you can share with us?
Michael A. Bradley: You said what gives me confidence that Q2 is not the peak?
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Yes.
Michael A. Bradley: I don't think I said it was the peak or was not the peak. What I said is that, we had strong bookings leading into Q2. And because of the short-term signals from customers, we're leaning a little bit harder into Q2 capacity planning because we think that, that it's warranted by the demand and certainly warranted by the experience of the last 4 months. Calling the peak, we're not doing that. I think when you get into that, we step back and say, how big do we think the market will be this year? We've increased our view of that by $100 million to $200 million from the last call to this call. So I don't think we've let the short-term overcook the view of what the market in total might be. So as we march through the year and we get the numbers per quarter behind us, will be able to say, are we above or below the midpoint of the market. But right now, it's certainly very strong, and I wouldn't be the one who want to call a peak at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse from Barclays Capital.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess first question. I was hoping to probe a little bit deeper on the mobility SOC side and if you could talk a little bit about sustainability of the strength you're seeing here, what kind of lead times and whether they've stretched out on the UltraFLEX side? And I guess the visibility there through the remainder of the year?
Michael A. Bradley: C.J., beyond 2 or 3 months of visibility is quite cloudy. You've got new products that are coming out in the end market that are being tooled for, and then you've got uncertainties around demand, volumes and so on. So not to be short -- to have a short horizon here, but that really is the only visibility that our customers have in their markets and that they pass on to us. Your second question?
Gregory R. Beecher: Lead times have typically run 6 to 8 weeks. They were running that in the quarter, but towards the end of the quarter, they got extended closer to maybe 8 to 10 in the complex UltraFLEX segment. So the lead times are pushed out a bit there, but they're not as far push out as they had been in some other periods. But we've done incredible scrambling to respond to this demand -- the UltraFLEX demand. We've got orders in the first quarter that equals an entire year's level of orders in one quarter. So it really has been a very, very sharp ordering period. And early in the quarter, there was a lot of work going on scrambling with suppliers to beat that demand. So we think we've captured the vast, vast majority of the orders that were able to be captured in this quarter.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's great. And if I could move to LitePoint, can you talk about -- on the connectivity side, what kind of uplift you're seeing in terms of the revenue opportunity with the move to fifth-generation Wi-Fi AC? And then, secondly, as part of LitePoint, can you talk about progress on the baseband side with the move to LTE? Any sort of update you can provide on your ability to garner share in that new market for LitePoint?
Gregory R. Beecher: Sure, C.J. First, on the connectivity, before I get to the new standard, the business is very strong. Just simply the unit growth, it's very healthy, in terms of the demand we're hearing from our customers. So I think that's very healthy. And then before -- and then we move to this 802.11ac. That's sort of in the early innings, we've booked some demand for that. We'll be shipping some in this second quarter. I do think that plays out over a couple of year period. First, products that have -- are plugged into a wall, we'll likely use that because we need more power. But over -- maybe it's 2, 3 years, that will be a bigger deal. But it's a bigger deal in part for test because customers want to make sure that the product they buy either has a roadmap or can connect to the new requirements. So we're well positioned there. We feel good about our spot there. We have very good share in that whole connectivity segment. And in LTE, we are -- we can't say customer names, but we are -- we did win a key design and we are testing in LTE. So we have our product out there. Truth be told, we're very small in this large market, and that's another part of the upside, a small player trying to replicate what was done in the connectivity side into cellular, again, breaking -- key breaking has occurred, but we need to continue that trajectory. And that's probably a 2, 3-year timeframe. So stay tuned.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Satya Kumar from Credit Suisse.
Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a quick clarification. Did you give a percentage order breakdown for SemiTest between ideal and sub-quality in Q1?
Michael A. Bradley: I gave some numbers, but let me refresh that. I got it here. Hold on. The breakdown was for IDMs and the specifiers and the Fabless companies, it was about 63% and 37% in the OSATs. Last quarter, that was 54% 46%.
Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Some of your OSAT customers talked about fairly substantial ramps and additional test capacity, at least one has talked about tripling the new test capacity. I guess are you seeing that sort of pickup come through yet? Or is it still opportunity ahead of you?
Michael A. Bradley: No, that's a big piece of this upsurge that we've got in the bookings plan and in this very intense slot plan alignment that we've got in Q2 and going into Q3. As Greg said, we've had in one product family here, subset of our total product line in the UltraFLEX, we've had almost the equivalent of the peak year between 2010 and 2011. We came within, I don't know, 5% to 10% of hitting a full year's demand in one quarter bookings. So that's clearly -- that fire is stoked, and the OSATs are pulling on it. Having said that, the OSATs haven't -- they haven't hit the peak of the last cycle in the 2010 growth cycle. So considerable growth from 2 quarters ago, almost 3x the size in our OSAT business. So they've clearly turned on. And in the short-term, we think they're going to continue to pull pretty hard. That's the signal from our slot plan work that we're doing with them.
Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then on -- a question on SOC. Could you talk a little bit about general market trends for pricing and market share trends within the apps processor segment for SOCs, image processors, especially at large IDMs?
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes, this is Greg. The pricing environment is unchanged. I recall some number of a quarters ago, I did mention it was getting a bit more aggressive. There's been no real change to that. We think it's sort of a new norm. So it hasn't any stretch deteriorated it's just kind of a new normal. And our gross margins, as you can see, are holding up pretty well. And what was the second part of the question?
Michael A. Bradley: On the device side -- on apps process -- different processors in the -- I think that, quite frankly, the demand for us has been so high. I think the question, let me turn the question around, have we gotten 100% of the potential demand? Or has that -- have customers had to find other avenues to get the spike satisfied? And over the last, I don't know, 3 or 4 years, I'd say we were awfully close to getting 100% of that business. Frankly, on this last 2 to 3 months, we're probably in the 90% plus, we're not at the 100% level. We're really more on the 90% plus. So the good news is, we're riding the segment and the segment growth, which is the hottest segment, around the edges we didn't get 100% of that, and we just couldn't respond to every piece of demand. The result of that is, obviously, we've been working very hard with the supply line. And as I speak now, I'd say that customers coming in the door certainly the ones who are tightly connected to us and have been planning capacity, we're able to meet those demands. But 2 months ago, we weren't at the 100% level, we're much closer to that at this point.
Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: That's good to know. And one last clarification question again. The CapEx -- SOC market outlet that you gave $2.4 billion to $2.7 billion. Could you give a breakdown of that between complex SOC and the other segments? I just want to get a sense of how you're thinking of the mix between complex SOC and the other segments and how that might have changed over the last 3 months? And that's my last.
Michael A. Bradley: Yes. Because we don't change our product strategy and our capacity planning based upon that shift, we look more at that as a macro picture of where the segments are going to go long-term. But as I said before, a complex SOC if mobility is more than half and if you put all of complex SOC, it's clearly obviously higher than that. The thing I'd say to you on the SOC segments over time is that, if you took the whole pie of buying and split it into these categories of the PC-based, and then the mobility base, and then microcontrollers and automotive and linear and so on, the PC sector, microprocessors, chipsets, graphics, right now are a bit under 20% of the market, maybe around 17% or 18%. Over the next 2 or 3 years, that drops probably by something between 3 and 5 percentage points of that pie. And at the same time, if you take mobility products, which is the full range of the things we've just talked about, that goes up by about 5 to 7 points. So there's give and take in some of the other segments. So that's what I'd say to you about what's going to happen with the complex SOC. It's going to gradually take a larger and larger portion of that pie, and that's how we've aligned our strategy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Raj Seth from Cowen and Company.
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Mike, I had a quick follow-up on Jim's first question. The areas of the business that haven't yet picked up microcontroller, precision analog, I assume LCD drivers, a couple of other things, is there any way to characterize that you can characterize the business levels you're seeing today in sort of a dollar sense relative to what -- if there is such a thing, normalized business levels are in those segments? I mean, how much potential exists in those market segments?
Michael A. Bradley: Yes, Raj, hang on one second. It's a tough question to ask because inside these subsegments, things are obviously lumpy. The microcontroller is at a low point of probably 6 quarters, as we speak, and the linear precision analog is a little bit higher against its range. But you're trying to get at how much -- how many dollars are there where the powder is dry and I'd be winging it a little bit right now, so I got to step back from answering that directly, not because I wouldn't try to answer it for you, but there's probably -- I'd say that they're at -- total, collectively, they're at 1/3 of what the buying level would be if they got back to their prior peaks. I'm not going to give you the denominator and the calculation because then -- but there's clearly less than 50% of the total where it hasn't kicked in, and that business could double or triple.
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Great. And you say less than 50%. Is 25% kind of the right way to think about it or -- I don't want to get 1%?
Michael A. Bradley: Certainly, closer to 25% than it is to 50%. But let me stop at that point because of...
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Yes, okay. And a quick follow-up for Greg. Greg, how should we think moving into this -- what happens to inventory here in the context of your capacity planning, et cetera, in lead time discussion? And in Q2, what would you expect turns to be -- what's the assumption on turns and guide the quarter?
Gregory R. Beecher: Well inventory is a little tricky for us because a portion of our inventory is off the balance sheet, so you guys don't even see it because we've outsourced to a contract manufacturer in Asia, but then some of our other products, LitePoint, Nextest and Eagle Test, there's a final touch inside of our companies. So it's kind of a mixed bag, but generally speaking, you should see inventory likely increasing into the second quarter on the balance sheet. In terms of turns, we think turns can be very high in the LitePoint business. I think in the non-LitePoint businesses, they're going to be consistent with where they've been in the past.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Duley from Steelhead.
David Duley: A couple of questions for me. Do you -- is there a refresh of the UltraFLEX coming or have you kind of just added instruments as you go? Because I'm kind of curious as to -- it seems like you have picked up share in this high-end mobility baseband processor side of the marketplace. I'm wondering what the reason for that is, and if you've got more legs to that share gain story coming?
Michael A. Bradley: David, this is Mike. There's an ongoing refresh that is -- it's just a steady, steady flow of new instrumentation. Any instrument may take a couple of years to design and get into the field, and then there's different segments to the system. So there's always a constant flow. There's actually been a bit of a refresh by us and by other players in the market, that's underway right now on the digital side of this system, and that typically is increasing frequencies and increasing density. So we're in the process of that, we've got very good RF instrumentation in the system. And so, as an ongoing evolution of the product, we continue to do that. I think the important point in this is that the platform that we got on the UltraFLEX is the base for that refresh strategy. So we're not into a change the platform or the platform has run out of gas. So those are very -- I think that's a fundamental strategy point of getting leverage out of a single platform that we now have at the high end.
David Duley: Okay. Now I'm a little curious. And you talked about all these strength in mobility, but I guess analog parts and microcontroller parts go into all these mobile parts -- these devices that you're talking about. So I'm a little curious as to why the high-end can turn on and why some of these other sectors that really sort of the same markets haven't turned on? I just like your perspective there.
Michael A. Bradley: That's a great question. That is a question, Mark, I think in the bubble above a lot of people's heads is. Why wouldn't memory be turning on as much or -- microcontrollers and so on? And I think it's just a matter of -- there's lumpiness in the buying that exist in the marketplace that's pretty dramatic. The swings in annual buying and certainly, quarterly buying are quite dramatic so the tooling and therefore, the utilization swings are significant. Compounding that is the ongoing productivity so that as you increase parallelism, that increases or decreases the utilization. So I think it's more a function of how the tooling pattern has gone in the past and what's available. And then there are some new devices that sparked the growth -- that sparked a new round of buying because of instrumentation in the testers. But it's always had this patchwork kind of characteristic to it that not every front moves at the same time.
David Duley: Right, okay. And final question for me is, could you just talk about where -- you mentioned where your share at LitePoint is. Could you just review that again? And how you're going to gain share and grow faster than the market is? Are we going to -- are the customers you currently have growing faster than the market? I imagine that's one driver, but perhaps tell us about what looms with new customer wins?
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes. There's 3 ways that are going to help LitePoint achieve this 20% or plus growth. The first is, simply the unit growth is very healthy in their core business, which tends to be conductivity. They are also into cellular, but the connectivity unit growth rate is very high. You probably heard Internet of things, many things are getting connected to one another. And LitePoint is very high share and works very closely with the chipset companies in that space, and they tend to be the de facto company that is used in that test solution. So units first. Second is, as 802.11ac makes its way obsoleting the installed base, that does open up the market a bit for new testers. So there is an opportunity and a threat for LitePoint because once a new tester needs to come in and you can't upgrade a tester by the exact next version. So we're well ahead in that front. We're shipping this quarter, we've worked with the key chipset guy and we think we have a product that clearly can hold the market share. So that's going to drive a big buying, but that is not this year, maybe some this year, but it's not going to be a big part of the story this year. The design ins will be -- I think that's more volume next year and some revenue later in the year. And the next is the longer-term growth, which is all upside in the cellular. And the quick story there is basically taking the non-signal testing that LitePoint pioneered [indiscernible] 4 dots at the same time production optimized test with software that helps customers get their products to market faster. But they're going into a new market, and that's not easy to do. So there's a longer selling cycle. And they have got the designed in, but it's getting the next design in, the next design in, the next design in, so that's where a lot of the energy is going in. We're also making sure the very strong core business that's growing very healthy is well attended to.
Andrew J. Blanchard: And operator, we have time for just one more quick call -- quick question.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Charles Shah from Deutsche Bank.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I just wanted to follow-up on LitePoint. Just I understand the $160 million plus guidance -- $160 million plus guidance this year, does it assume any contribution from the cellular market? And also, where do you think your share in the connectivity segment goes this year?
Gregory R. Beecher: The $160 million, we already have some server revenue in the numbers as I speak here today. But the $160 million doesn't necessarily need that, but we have it, okay. So we're confident with the $160 million plus. So I hope I've answered that question. What was the second part of your question?
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: The market share trends in the connectivity segment, You said that you gained 4% share last year.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes, got it. The 4% share we did in the total market connectivity in cellular. If we just broke out connectivity, the share gains would have been much more dramatic. But we look at the markets together. They're both testing phones, tablets, same customers, so they're really, to us, the same market with different technologies, but doing similar things. So the 4 points was a very good growth, much of it was in connectivity. Again, that's part of the total market.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And you expect that kind of trend continue this year, you think?
Gregory R. Beecher: Well, I think we're very confident with $160 million and plus revenue this year. I think midyear, we could be more explicit what that means. And $160 million plus off of $130 million, that's pretty good.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. This concludes the call, and we look forward to talking with you in the weeks ahead.
Michael A. Bradley: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting officer, Vice President and Treasurer Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Andrew J. Blanchard - Vice President of Corporate Relations
Analysts: Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Unknown Analyst James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division David Duley Mahavir Sanghavi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, my name is Cody, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Teradyne Q4 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Blanchard, you may begin.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Thank you, Cody. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our Chief Executive Officer, Mike Bradley; and our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for the fourth quarter and full year 2011, as well as our outlook for the first quarter of 2012. First I’d like to address several administrative issues. The press release containing our most recent financial results was sent out via Business Wire last evening. Copies are available at teradyne.com, where this call is also being simulcast. Note that during this call, we are providing slides on the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion. To view them, simply access the Investor page of the site and click on the Live Webcast icon. In addition, replays of this call will be available via the same page about 24 hours after the call ends. The replays will be available, along with the slides, through February 11. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne’s results to differ materially from management’s current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release, as well as our most recent financial filings with the SEC for a complete description. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today’s call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We have posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure were available on our website. To view them, go to the Investor page and click on the GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation link. Also, you may want to note that between now and our next conference call, Teradyne will be speaking in the Stifel, Nicolaus Technology and Telecom Conference on February 6 in Dana Point and Goldman Sachs Technology and Internet Conference on February 14 in San Francisco. Now let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First our CEO, Mike Bradley, will review the state of the company and industry of the fourth quarter full year 2011 and provide our outlook for the first quarter. Then our CFO, Greg Beecher, will provide more details on our quarterly and full-year performance, along with our guidance for the first quarter. We'll then answer your questions. For scheduling purposes, you should note that we intend to end this call after 1 hour.  Mike?
Michael A. Bradley: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for being with us again today. As you can see, we've raised our revenue guidance considerably from last quarter, so I want to explain what's behind that in just a few minutes from now. But first, I'd like to recap all of 2011, as we made some very good progress on our long-term strategy in the year just closed.  [Technical Difficulty] From a numbers perspective, 2011 was solid despite a quite significant slowdown in the worldwide semiconductor test market in the second half of the year. We finished the year at over $1.4 billion in revenues and had another strong performance on the operating profit line. It's a especially satisfying to be able to go through significant down cycles and still be well in the black, something that has eluded most participants in this sector and in truth was a challenge for us until recent years. We generated nearly $200 million of free cash flow during the year, continuing a trend that we started back in 2006 when we began streamlining our product lines, shortening our manufacturing cycle time, revamping our fixed cost structure and steadily gaining market share. As you know, since 2006 we've generated over $1.2 billion in cash that has been put to good use in strengthening our core and expanding our serve markets, all through the acquisitions of Nextest, Eagle Test and now LitePoint. And of course we've kept some of those cash resources in reserve for similar strategic purposes into the future.  A few other notes on 2011 before I shift to the current quarter and upcoming year. Our Systems Test group had an exceptional year with record revenues and solid bottom line performance. Our defense business was back in very good shape after a turbulent 2010 where many military programs were reassessed or slowed. Our small but very competitive Commercial Board Test business had its best year in over 10 years. In the storage test business that had its first revenue less than 3 years ago, had an exceptional year of new products and new customers while logging a record year in systems shipped. On the semiconductor test side, we posted solid results in SOC test and Memory Test despite market contraction in both segments. While our SOC business declined as expected, our Memory Test business actually grew 11% year-over-year as our FLASH and DRAM test products gained further traction. Finally, our LitePoint business is off and running. With about 100 days under our belt, we're seeing almost exactly what we expected and then some. By that, I mean a dynamic company attacking a fast growing and fast-changing mobile electronic markets. And one like our storage test business that will ramp up and down through the coming quarters as major technology driven tool decisions are made at the same time that it delivers good annual earnings growth.  So let me turn now to the current quarter and the year ahead. Our fourth quarter bookings excluding LitePoint rose 49% sequentially to over $350 million. That's higher than either the second or quarter of 2011 and I'm pleased to say that we saw order increases in nearly every business. There were 2 major themes underlying these increases. First, semiconductor companies in the mobile sector are tooling up for new product launches this year. While segments like automotive and microcontroller have back-end overcapacity, the leading edge testers for Power Management, baseband processors, image sensors and wireless devices are in short supply. As a result, our high-performance FLEX products, especially those with our latest generation of UltraPin technology are in high demand. The second theme is in storage test, where customers are ramping capacity early so that they can be positioned for market share opportunities during this year. For us, I characterize this as new not-replacement capacity. In other words, we're not getting orders to replace any of our systems affected by the Thailand flooding. Our hard disk drive business is all new demand related. In light of these 2 themes, we're doing a couple of things in our Q1 capacity plan. First, we're ramping up the Neptune slot plan to respond to the healthy backlog we've built and second, we're opening up some additional capacity in SemiTest in the event that the mobility sector continues strong or if other sectors start to show life. So this upside strategy in SemiTest is what's behind our wide revenue range this quarter. I should add that LitePoint is likely to create some additional wider guidance ranges going forward, as they operate in an extremely short lead-time environment, shorter than any of our other businesses. So as we turn into this new year, I leave you with the following 3 points. First, short-term demand has turned up in SemiTest and we're in the sweet spot for that upward trend, most important being the new generation of mobile electronics. It's not a market wide recovery as a number of segments remain subdued, but it is a positive turn for leading edge mobile applications where we're very strong. Second, our Systems Test business, which you recall held us back in 2010, had a terrific year in 2011 and enters 2012 with record backlog and very good prospects in the storage, defense and board test sectors. And third, with LitePoint now in the fold, we have an exciting new growth engine that we expect will deliver at least 20% top line growth this year. We're backing LitePoint's expanded R&D and customer support plans and leveraging our footprint and worldwide resources to accelerate their growth. Finally, we're making prudent investments in the future but with a discipline that's allowed us to transform the company's financial performance over the last several years.  Now let me turn it over to Greg for his perspective on the business.
Gregory R. Beecher: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to first recap the financial highlights of 2011 and provide a perspective over a 2-year period, capturing the results of the dramatic re-shaping of the company over the last several years. I'll then cover the fourth quarter highlights and the first quarter guidance and close with some brief summary remarks.  Looking first to 2011, we had one of our best years of the last 10 years with sales of $1.4 billion, a non-GAAP operating profit of 21% and non-GAAP EPS of $1.39. In fact, it was our second best year in that period, eclipsed only by last year's record results. Moreover, post our revamping of the company in 2009, our annual sales have averaged $1.5 billion a year, our non-GAAP operating profit rate has averaged 24% and our non-GAAP EPS has averaged about $1.80. We also delivered $677 million in free cash flow over this 2-year period, the ultimate validation of a successful model. One other interesting way to quickly illustrate the strength of our financial model is to average together the 2 fourth quarter costs of 2010 and 2011. When you do this, you'll get a 16% operating profit rate. This profitability rate exceeds our normalized operating performance of the prior 5 and 10-year periods before 2010 by more than 10 points. What might be less well known is that the non-GAAP EPS contribution from our nonorganic initiatives such as Eagle and Nextest and our organic hard disk drive and high-speed memory initiatives totaled 1/3 of our EPS over this 2-year period. So further expansion into closely adjacent markets where we can leverage our IT distribution or accelerate disruptive technologies has been a key part of our playbook. Let me expand on this just a bit, as it provides some insight into how we think about investing in future growth. First, on a nonorganic side, we were able to add Nextest and Eagle and make them highly successful for 3 key reasons. First, we have a very healthy core SemiTest business to build from. Second, we added healthy, complementary businesses with non-overlapping product portfolios. And third, we leveraged Teradyne capabilities where it directly led to hard savings or faster growth. And we decided this upfront; not quarters or years later. We know that if you don't have these 3 elements, it is very difficult to create shareholder value. The addition of LitePoint in wireless tests which expands our serve market by a $1 billion or more follows this same philosophy. On the organic front, we've been successful primarily because we've invested only after having a large rate customer work with us in the design phase to ensure we put into the product what mattered to them and equally important left out what wasn't valued. Then we fanned out to the broader market. On the capital allocation front, we've used our hard earned capital very carefully since the major revamping in 2009. In addition to LitePoint, we also bought back our stock at opportunistic prices. In 2011, we bought back 2.6 million shares at an average price of $11.84, totaling $31 million. We have $169 million remaining in our authorization, which we'll continue to use opportunistically. It should also be noted that in all of our businesses, each business achieved 15% or better operating performance in 2011, so there are no [indiscernible] in the group. On the competitive front, we don't intend to make any specific comment on the recent consolation moves in the SemiTest market other than to say we're well positioned against our larger combined competitor, whether they continue to operate with overlapping product lines or if they go in a different direction with some near-term financial objectives in mind. To shift to 2012 for a moment, we're starting the year off with healthy sales growth in both SemiTest and storage test. The more important story behind this new demand is that in SemiTest, we're shipping new UltraFLEX configurations to test next-generation smart phones and mobile devices. In storage test, wherever the 2.5-inch HDD buying takes place, we now have the products and customers to win this new buying. I should quickly point out that LitePoint's first quarter with Teradyne reflects what we expect is normal seasonality combined with their tight linkage to large new programs and technologies. Hence, we'll have natural sharp swings, and any one quarter shouldn't be extrapolated. We remain very confident with our top line revenue expectations of $160 million or more in 2012 for LitePoint.  Now moving to the key highlights of the fourth quarter. We met our sales and earnings guidance with a top line of $297 million and non-GAAP EPS of $0.16. Stepping back for a moment, on the market share and growth front, storage test was the key standout in 2011. Our annual sales were about 25% above our initial $120 million high-end estimate, with over 80% from either new customers or new applications all in the faster growing 2.5-inch disk drive space. On the SemiTest front, we're continuing with SOC socket wins at a pace consistent with the past. But as I mentioned last quarter, we'll be on the other side of the segment shifts as strong PC test buying will temporarily depress our 2011 numerical share. The second buying in 2011 favored our largest competitor, as PC driven buying was unusually high. We believe that our normalized share remains in the mid-40s in SOC test and we're very well positioned to ride the long-term mobility growth wave. You saw a glimpse of that trend in the Q4 orders. In a 2011 Memory Test market that was slightly smaller than 2010, we grew revenue 11% to $115 million, which puts our share in the high teens up from 14% in 2010. With our strong FLASH and DRAM test portfolio, we expect to continue to add a few points of share per year going forward. On the balance sheet, we closed the year with gross cash and marketable securities just over $750 million. You'll no doubt note that we had a large GAAP credit for the reversal of our tax valuation allowance. This doesn't affect our non-GAAP earnings; it is simply bringing back onto our balance sheet our favorable tax attributes that we reserved a few years ago. As mentioned last quarter, our cash taxes should be 10% to 12%, which is what we'll use in our non-GAAP EPS.  Moving now to the demand side. SemiTest bookings grew to $233 million. Associate test orders were $215 million and Memory Test orders were $18 million in the fourth quarter. SemiTest service orders were $46 million, System Test service orders were $24 million and overall system test group orders came in at $123 million reflecting a sharp increase in HDD orders as new customers ramp production. As Mike noted in storage test, we didn't have any damaged equipment that required replacement, but we did see an acceleration of 2012 orders as customers position themselves for post-floor HDD demand. In SemiTest, while we can't directly quantify the amount, we did see some nominal ordering to replace equipment damaged in the Thailand floods.  In the fourth quarter, SemiTest sales were 68% of the total, Systems Test group was 22% and wireless Test or LitePoint was 10%. For the year just ended, LitePoint posted approximately $130 million in revenue. Our book-to-bill ratio for the fourth quarter was $1.3 million for the overall company, $1.2 million for SemiTest, $1.9 million for the Systems Test group and $0.7 million for Wireless Test. At the end of the quarter, our backlog stood at $455 million, of which 84% is scheduled to ship and be recognized as revenue within the next 6 months. The top line of $297 million was down $47 million or 14% sequentially from the third quarter. SemiTest was $202 million, down $39 million or 16%. And Systems Test group was $66 million, down $37 million or 36%. Wireless Test was $28 million after purchase accounting adjustments. SemiTest product shipments decreased 20% from a quarter ago. Within the $297 million, service revenue was $69 million, flat for the third quarter. SemiTest service revenue was $54 million. Total company product turns business was 38% versus 21% a quarter ago. SemiTest product turns business was 40% versus 30% a quarter ago. Memory revenue was $23 million.  Now moving down to P&L. Non-GAAP gross margins increased from 49% in the third quarter to 50% in the fourth quarter due to a lower mix of HDD revenue. R&D expenses were $53 million or 18% of sales compared to $47 million or 14% of sales in the third quarter. SG&A expenses were $63 million or 21% of sales, compared to $55 million or 16% of sales in the third quarter. Operating expenses of $160 million were up $14 million from the third quarter, driven by the addition of LitePoint. Our net non-GAAP interest and other expense was $2 million. We had no cash tax provision in the fourth quarter, which reflects a reduction in our full-year cash tax rate from 6% to 5%. Cash from operations totaled $40 million after capital additions. As noted in the press release, sales for the fourth quarter are expected to be between $360 million and $400 million, and non-GAAP EPS range is $0.22 to $0.33 on 205 million diluted shares. When you look at our Q1 guidance, it includes a greater mix of lower margin, storage test and expenses added for growth investments which we previously discussed. I should add that the guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles, the non-cash imputed interest on the convertible debt and estimated GAAP purchase accounting charges related to the acquisition of LitePoint. Our GAAP EPS range is $0.05 to $0.13. The operating profit rate at the midpoint of our fourth quarter guidance is above 16%.  Now moving to the P&L percentages in the first quarter. We expect non-GAAP gross margins to be 48% to 49%, R&D should be 16% to 15% and SG&A should be 18% to 16%. Non-GAAP net interest expense is expected to be about $2 million. The cash tax provision should be about $6 million. In summary, 2011 clearly was a solid year. The bottom out of orders in SemiTest appears to be behind us, albeit with macroeconomic conditions presenting uncertainty in the year ahead. Leading edge consumer mobility products are driving demand across a number of our businesses, including LitePoint. So [indiscernible], which is to stay very sharply focused on strengthening our core businesses, maintaining financial discipline while investing core growth.  Now I'll turn the call back over to Andy.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Thanks, Greg. Cody, we'd now like to take some questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Satya Kumar.
Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I was wondering approximately what part of the logic SemiTest orders that you saw in Q4 are for digital SOC versus analog mixing with other applications?
Gregory R. Beecher: I don't think we can break it down, Satya, for us right here. What I'll say is the strength from a product standpoint was in the high-performance end of the product line, the UltraFLEX end. We had quite an increase in that demand. But the low-end digital, the microcontroller types of applications were -- remained quite weak. On the linear analog side, those also were -- are also remain very subdued at this point.
Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. Do you think that you're gaining market share on the high-end product segments? Obviously we're seeing some significant level of management departures at one of your big competitors. Could you talk a little about market share in the high-end? And also the diversifica -- how diversified are these orders? We are seeing some pretty concentrated orders from some large customers in the Korean geography. I was wondering if you could give some color on the geographical and customer breadth of these high-end orders.
Michael A. Bradley: Well, I'm going to take a little bit broader time perspective on it. We were in the low 30s percent a few years back, maybe 5 or 6 years back. We said last year as we had -- I shouldn't say last year, 2010 when we had a very strong surge in market share, part of that was driven by our position in the mobility segment. Last year PCs were stronger, so we dropped back. On average, as we said at the last call, we're in the mid-40s, 44% or 45%. And we do think we've gained share in that what you call high-end, what we would call the mobility product end of the business. We think our share movement has also had -- other components have been in other mobility related products like image sensors and in the microcontroller and truly digital low-end space where the J750 remains a very strong product with over 4,000 systems installed. Finally, in all of this has been the Eagle test product line, so on the performance analog side that has kicked in as well. So it isn't a one-horse kind of story here in terms of the share gains, but we do think on this high-performance mobility space, we certainly -- that would be the lead -- the lead product with the UltraFLEX in recent couple of quarters.
Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And the geographical distribution of orders?
Michael A. Bradley: Greg, you have got it a...
Gregory R. Beecher: The orders are strong in certainly in Asia, Korea is strong. We've had a strong mix -- some of this is on our web site, guys, if you want to look at what we've posted but you can see bookings in Asia. Fourth quarter to third quarter they were up 51% to 67%, so very strong pick up there. And it really is being driven by the mobility smartphone segment and that's the segment we have very, very strong share, so we think we can ride that wave and hopefully pick up some more share, but also we think we're in line with the guys who are winning in those segments.
Operator: Your next question comes from Krish Sankar.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Greg, can you just tell us what do you think was the SOC in the memory market size in 2011? And what do you think it's going to be in 2012?
Michael A. Bradley: Okay, the market size?
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes.
Gregory R. Beecher: Let me do it, Mike. You said, was it memory that you're asking about or SOC?
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Both SOC and memory.
Gregory R. Beecher: Okay, SOC we think ends up at, hang on, 2.5 if -- we're still estimating the fourth quarter, but 2010 was 2.6 or -- between 2.6 and 2.7 for 2011 down slightly to 2.5. All of that back-end decline. And then memory, the total market for memory is 740 in 2010 and just over 600 in 2011. About 620, and we'll see how that shakes out as the fourth quarter finalizes.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Anything in 2012?
Gregory R. Beecher: I'll give you a range. For planning purposes, we think that memory stays in that $700 million range, $600 million to $800 million but for planning purposes, I think $700 million wouldn't be a bad number to use. And it's a bit wider range in SOC; anywhere between $2.2 million and $2.6 million. If you had to pick a number, I'd pick $2.4 million.
Michael A. Bradley: Let me quickly add to that. The 2011 SOC market had a lot of PC buying, which we don't think will be anywhere near that level in the next year 2012. So it was not a good mix of business for our portfolio.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. Alright and then along those lines, in terms of your exposure to mobility, if I look at your end customers, is it safe to assume or characterize the fact that you guys are more exposed to kind of like, I guess the Apple ecosystem versus the Droid ecosystem? Is that a fair way to characterize it?
Michael A. Bradley: We prefer not to mention customer names, but we're certainly well tied into smart phones and tablets.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Alright. And then a final question from my end. LitePoint, you guys did about $28 million in revenues. What was the -- was it profitable at $28 million?
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes, it was. The $28 million is under our watch. It was actually a little over $30 million; maybe $31 million to $32 million. It was a full quarter and we didn't have these GAAP purchase write-downs for service deferred revenue. But yes, it was profitable.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Covello.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First on the memory space, I understand what you said about the market size but it seems like as good as the results are this quarter, it didn't include any kind of big pickup from memory. So what do you think it would take drive maybe some sequential upticks in that segment, recognizing your comments about this fiscal [indiscernible] for the year?
Gregory R. Beecher: Jim, what will it take to drive the overall market to go up?
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, sequentially. So when or what [indiscernible] need to see a sequential uptick in the memory space?
Gregory R. Beecher: I think the one thing that will -- can push it in the coming year or 2 years, the lower power DDR devices. That's the one thing I'd call out.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just your free cash flow generation's terrific, $60 million in what was a tougher quarter in the fourth quarter, a couple hundred million for the year. What are the thoughts around incremental capital allocation? You've done a great job saving some for strategic acquisitions. Any thoughts of a dividend as we see more people doing that in the semiconductor space?
Gregory R. Beecher: Jim, we'll continue to pretty much stay the course we've been on, which is to keep some dry powder for possible, possible acquisitions that meet strict criteria that can leverage our distribution or technical capabilities. Those opportunities -- we found 2 in 2008 and 1 in 2011, so there's no set time when you can predict those opportunities are available. So we do think it's prudent to have a good buffer. We're constantly looking at capital allocation with our board, so it's an ongoing discussion. There's no imminent plan to do any different, other than what we've been doing. The close M&A has worked quite well for us, we like that, and buying back stock at opportunistic prices works well, too. But we'll continue to look at all other options as time goes on.
Operator: Your next question comes from Wayne Yang [ph].
Unknown Analyst: First question regarding the subcon. What's the percentage of revenue coming out of the subcon segments for your SemiTest?
Gregory R. Beecher: 46% this quarter. Last quarter 28%. So that's where we've seen the big increase in demand. Subcon orders doubled from Q3 to Q4.
Michael A. Bradley: And again those are orders, not revenues.
Gregory R. Beecher: Alright, I said it in orders.
Michael A. Bradley: That's right, yes.
Unknown Analyst: So subcon actually started to pick up their order base as well? Right?
Gregory R. Beecher: Right. As the fabless companies who are participating in the mobile sector have driven these, the new tooling, the leading-edge tooling, the subcons are -- they're moving strongly at this point.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. Switch to LitePoint. You mentioned that orders could be very lumpy and there are also some feel-no factors, so we shouldn't read too much into the order run rate in Q4. What do you expect the LTE business to pan out in 2012? Is it more contributing to first half or second half?
Gregory R. Beecher: I think the contour, we need a few quarters to get under our belt here. But if you look at LitePoint business in the past, I think our prediction here is that the middle 2 quarters of the year will be stronger than the first and fourth quarters.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And obviously LTE is a very new business opportunity for the LitePoint. Could you give some color on what's the business size and opportunity for the LTE side of the business in LitePoint? And how much LitePoint has LTE business today?
Gregory R. Beecher: This is Greg. LTE business is a very significant opportunity for LitePoint. The market for LTE or I'll say cellular, is probably 4x connectivity. And this business connectivity with LTE requires all new testers because of the increase in microhertz and different modulation schemes. So there is a big new tooling required. LitePoint has testers in the field now doing that type of testing. So we think it's a very, very good opportunity over 1, 2 year period that we're going to pursue very aggressively. And that's also behind some of the added investing -- investment we're putting into LitePoint this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mehdi Hosseini.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Coming back to hard disk drive, Mike, can you remind us how do you see the total addressable market changing from '11 into '12 given this replacement cycle coming, which is independent of the floods in Thailand? And I have a follow-up.
Michael A. Bradley: Mehdi, the sizing in that 2.5-inch space which is where we participate, we see that as a $200 million to $250 million -- somewhere between $200 million and $300 million a year market. And that includes commercial as well as in-house test platforms. And we think that size is about right. Last year and for the coming year, hard to judge growth rate inside that, but a $200 million to $300 million market is the way we size it for our own R&D and planning purposes. I think that migrates somewhat towards commercial going forward because the commercial equipment alternatives now, I think, are -- have the potential to outpace the in-house designs. But I think that will be a slow transition.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Is there any spending pattern in the hard disk drive? In other words, do you see this year a spending concentrate in the first half versus the second half given the run rate of booking in Q4?
Michael A. Bradley: Well, let's see. As we enter the year, it's unusual. It's very different compared to the last 2 years. And that is that the accelerated ordering, part of it caused by the Thailand flood and the positioning for market share moves in the year has put the order pattern very front loaded. At this point, we haven't adjusted our view of the total market size just because the first part of the year is looking stronger than prior years.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And then if you could help me reconcile what you reported for SemiTest booking with what the semi-organization has reported. If I just look at the monthly numbers for back-end, bookings are down 17% in Q4 compared to Q3, and this is, again, this is for back-end test and equipment, but your bookings are up almost 20%. Does that -- how should I reconcile this? Does that mean that test is growing to the extent that it's offsetting decline in assembly? Or is that the system versus services? Any color you can add here will be great.
Michael A. Bradley: The color would not be some big mix change in systems and service. I think we're similar quarter-to-quarter on systems and service. The total market numbers tend to be, they come in the door a little bit later. So the trend lines that you see, and I think they're on our website of the market numbers, don't show any recovery yet. The story that we've got is that in the latter part of the fourth quarter, we have a very strong push for this leading-edge high-performance UltraFLEX based product for this next generation of product launches during the course of 2012. So that's very fresh news for us. It doesn't show up in the macro numbers at this point.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: And just to wrap up, I'm going to take a shot at booking directions for Q1. If I look at the slide that you have, it is obviously very lumpy. But since we have had 2 quarters of digestion and a strong Q4 booking especially SemiTest, should we expect continued improvement in terms of booking?
Michael A. Bradley: Well, Mehdi, I'm glad you took a shot at it because I'm not going to take too much of a shot at it but I will say that, and I'll just talk SemiTest SOC for a minute. The recovery, we typically see the 50% decline in the cycles. We've seen that, we think that profit is behind us, that would be point 1. The other thing I'd give you to flavor it a little bit is that while the long-term picture 2012 is uncertain, in the short-term, the way we're playing it, is to put a little extra capacity into the first quarter slot plan. And I would read that as the kind of signals that there could be some upside in the very short term that we're trying to respond to. I don't know whether to extrapolate that beyond the numbers I said for the total market but in the short term, we just want to be prepared if it continues to be a strong push, especially at the high-performance end, leading edge end of the product line. That's one of the reasons we have a wider revenue guidance in the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from C.J Muse.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess, first question, given the disparity in margins with UltraFLEX and some of your AP customers, HDD and Eagle, curious how you see the trajectory for gross margins through 2012? Clearly utilization is very important and that's going to make it difficult to have true granularity there, but we'd really love to kind of get a view as to how should we think about through the year.
Gregory R. Beecher: Hi, C.J. This is Greg. On the model we put out a quarter or so ago, $250 million of revenue we had a 50% gross margin. I think throughout the year, we're going to be a point above/below, maybe 2 points above/below. I think you're going to find us on both sides of that as the year goes on, at the start of the year because of high storage test buying or on the other side of it. But when that buying comes down and if other buying picks up, whether it's analog or microcontroller, I think that moves it to the other side. So I think it's going to move up and down throughout the year and we've just started off a little bit on the other side of it right now.
Christopher J. Muse - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's really helpful. And as my follow-up, in terms of LitePoint, clearly very well positioned in the move from dual-core to multi-core and fourth G, but curious in terms of building out from your more concentrated customer base to expanding that, particularly within China. I noticed you're building out your infrastructure there. We'd love to kind of get a feel for what kind of growth we could see above and beyond the existing customer base and when you think that would flow through the model.
Gregory R. Beecher: This is Greg again, C.J. I think some of that with the early signs we think can be showing up the latter part of this year. We hired a country manager who used to work at LitePoint before, incredibly capable guy, he's off and running. So we are building a team around him.
Michael A. Bradley: For Asia?
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes, for China particularly. So I do believe there will be signs of progress as the year unfolds. I think more of it will show up in 2013, but there should be some business in '12 that's directly a result of investing, the infrastructure, the people, the talent and our new leader in China.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stephen Chin.
Mahavir Sanghavi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: This is Mahavir Sanghavi for Stephen Chin. Wondering if you could share any color on the orders from foundries, some -- a large foundry customer's talked about integrating into the back-end testing as well. So wondering if you're seeing contributions from foundry customers already, or there's an upside from some foundry orders down the road.
Gregory R. Beecher: I don't think we break it out and I don't have it in front of me, but the profile of the customer mix, the one thing that has changed in the quarter-to-quarter picture has been this increase in the subcon end of it. I don't think there's a change of any note with regard to the mix, the components of foundry inside it.
Mahavir Sanghavi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And if I could ask about LTE opportunity. You talked about it being a 4x kind of opportunity compared to connectivity. I wonder if you could share with us when you see that opportunity going to materialize over the next 2 years.
Gregory R. Beecher: I think it's a 2-year, 2 to 3 year exercise of demonstrating the product, showing it has strong correlation. The cost, the simplicity, the throughput, that's easy to demonstrate that correlation takes some time. So we're out there now and making progress and these sales cycles, design cycles are long, so some have started. So I think there'll be some progress this year. And they'll be progress next year.
Mahavir Sanghavi - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I just wanted to confirm, in terms of how we understand it, you talked about the LitePoint addressable market was in the $1 million range? Does that also include LTEs or is LTE in addition to that?
Gregory R. Beecher: It includes LTE, but we also expect that market to grow over time, but LTE is in that market.
Operator: Your next question comes from Thomas Diffely.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Mike, you talked about some of the nice performance for the high-performance mobility space. I was curious, though, how do you view the health of some of your [indiscernible] segments, like the microcontroller and the analog. Either on the utilization basis or when do you expect that to recover?
Gregory R. Beecher: Tom, that's the quiet place. There's really been no movement. Automotive, microcontrollers, those are very, very -- they're not dead, but they're quite dormant. At this point, the capacity utilization for the market overall, testers is maybe a touch under 80%. So you've got an overall install base that's got some idle capacity and I think that would be centered on the microcontroller, automotive space. No projections at this point when that will pick up, so it's really hard to tell. But I think you correctly characterized it as a market that's got some cylinders that are hitting very hard and that are -- where capacity utilization is very high and the demand for extra capacity pushing. But there are these pockets, and the ones you pointed out are the softest ones.
Thomas Diffely - D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then you look at the memory space; with the slowdown in the DRAM market in general, how does that in your mind change the, kind of, the evolution towards the higher speeds that creates a bigger market for you going forward?
Gregory R. Beecher: Well, it's been slow. Frankly, the DRAM space-- we're very well positioned in FLASH, we're moving our Magnum product into the low speed DRAM test, so that's been some growth for us. That's one of the components of gaining share. And then we do have a pretty good position at the very high end of the DRAM test space. But really the CapEx in those spaces is very small. We continue to watch and hope that, that will move more quickly. This low-power DDR capacity need which we think starts in 2012 may be a place that can dislodge what's been a pretty dormant growth rate in that space.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And then just finally, if you see consolidation between the DRAM and the NAND market this year, does that materially impact your business in that space?
Gregory R. Beecher: I don't think so. Any consolidation always puts a pause into things as the inventory of testers gets rationalized. But I don't think it stops the work that we're doing on the design end because this is a place where we've got low share, therefore consolidation doesn't change too much the 80% or so of the market that we are not currently in.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vishal Shah.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just wanted to understand your first quarter booking strength you mentioned. Is that sort of going to come from the subcon space? Or is that going to be more broad based?
Gregory R. Beecher: Are you asking going forward?
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. You mentioned -- yes.
Gregory R. Beecher: I don't have the forecast broken down here in front of me, but we'll still see a chunk of subcon. So I don't think we retreat back to the level we had in the third quarter. Whether we can -- whether it'll continue to the level of the $100 million flat level that we had in the fourth quarter is yet to be seen. But the subcons are the place where the growth in the Fabless mobility companies push, so that'll continue to be a decent purchase in the first quarter. But I honestly can't tell you whether it's going to go above we had in the fourth.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess I wanted to just also understand your expectation of revenues from the HDD segment. You mentioned the market size, but if you can maybe provide us some color on what you think you can do this year. I think you had mentioned something last year and just wondering if you have any idea of what that business is going to look like this year?
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes. Last year, if you remember or go back a year, we were projecting that we could operate in the $80 million to $120 million range. As we worked through the year, that was obviously -- was moved up for us because we were really very successful at breaking into some new customers and getting production buys in those customers and then expanding the applications with the Neptune was doing. So in fact, 80 plus% of our business last year came from new customers, new applications. As a result, we topped the $120 million mark and as we entered this year, we've said that our projection for the year is at the top end of last year's range. In other words, about $125 million would be what we expect to be able to deliver in the course of the year. Now we're only 26 days into the year, so we'll update you as we go along. The one thing I would say is that just because we've had this early demand, that hasn't changed our view of what the total market might be, but we certainly have a larger piece of that $125 million in house at this point in backlog. So we'll give you an update as we move through the year as to whether that moves up a bit.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Duley.
David Duley: Just had a couple of questions. Did you have any 10% customers during the quarter and who were they?
Gregory R. Beecher: No, we did not.
David Duley: Okay. And can we -- going forward, you had some pretty spectacular gross margins with LitePoint before you acquired them. Do you think those margins will continue at the current levels as you penetrate new customers?
Gregory R. Beecher: We think LitePoint's gross margins will be better than Teradyne's. Will they be as good as they were in the past? Not sure of that. It's possible, but certainly better than Teradyne's.
David Duley: Okay. And final thing from me is when you look at the segments of your business that were quite strong during the quarter, when you talk about mobility, does that generally referred to application processes or baseband processes that go into phones?
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes. And power management and RF.
David Duley: Okay, so you did also see the strength by the phones and the tablets that are shipping impact your analog and the other segments of your kind of mobile product line?
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes. Power Management, mobile processors, wireless, baseband, image sensors, those would be the top 3 sectors for us this quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Patrick Ho.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just going back for a second on the high-end digital and some of the strength you saw with the UltraFLEX. Can you just comment a little bit on the concentration of customers? And following that, is that coming from existing customers that are expanding into new sockets, or are they new customers themselves?
Gregory R. Beecher: Well, the majority is existing customers. But it's new sockets of existing customers, so there's always a new component and certainly in this case, it would be new sockets of the last year that are driving this new business. Pat, you had a question as to what ...
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Was it kind of concentrated to a few key, I guess, key customers? Or was it kind of broader-based in terms of the demand strength that you saw last quarter that was, I guess, extending into the March quarter?
Gregory R. Beecher: It's pretty concentrated because the leaders in the space are pretty concentrated. So he said, the specifier list would be a small list. It fans out into the subcon. So it's a broader set of actual name customers with purchase orders, but it's driven by a concentrated market.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And maybe just going back to Tom's question about the low-end IC market, what do you believe will be the catalyst that, I guess, spurs new tester demand for the microcontroller, analog market, given that we're still seeing pretty healthy demand in the smartphone and the tablet markets that do employ those type of devices as well?
Gregory R. Beecher: I think those are more general economic drivers rather than next big thing drivers. I think you just have to soak up the capacity as the IC growth continues, and that gradually happens during the course of a recovery. A wide range of usable electronics. So I think there's any one thing to look at there to spur a big uptick in the capacity utilization. But as it turns, it starts to -- and it starts to turn up, then you get the obvious -- the inventory buying.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, great and final question for me in terms of the HDD test business segment and I want to make sure I was real clear on this, is you're suggesting that what you're seeing now is actually demand related and not replacement. How are you accounting for the potential replacement buys coming in through the year in terms of the current forecast that you just provided?
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes, the thing we wanted to be sure that people understood was that our business, in terms of replacement of Teradyne business, there's really been no replacement of Teradyne install base. Our systems, the customers were -- utilized our systems and those systems were kept, essentially kept above the flood level. So we don't have an insurance spike in our demand. Now, do we have -- was the install base of other testers affected? Obviously it was. So some of our demand, we think, it's a positioning where we're able to get some of that business. How much? I don't know exactly, but a piece of our business goes into -- is therefore flood related, but I wouldn't characterize it as directly Teradyne Neptune replacement business. It was none of that.
Operator: Your final question comes from Jagadish Iyer.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Two questions, big picture question, Mike. I was just wondering how should we think about the [indiscernible] SOC market 2 to 3 years from now? Is there -- are there some secular growth drivers which could take that up to probably the $3 billion level or we are probably going to be seeing hovering around the $2.4 billion, $2.5 billion? That's my first question and then I have a follow up.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes. I think the past really gives you some idea of the projection for the future and that is, it's a low growth sector in total. But inside the market, there are segments that are clearly growing so as the market -- the path that -- the total market, we don't think, has more than low single-digit growth. But if you look at the sectors of wireless, mobile, even automotive, microcontrollers, pure logic and linear, that set of customers, if you take the 100% of the pie, we think that over the next few years, those sectors gain about 9 points of share of that pie, while the PC related sectors will be losing about half of that 9 points and then the shifting of 1 or 2 points in lots of other sectors. So we're not counting in our strategy for the overall market to grow. What we're counting on is the sectors that we're focused on to grow and that's been happening. And we are also counting on just this relentless socket design win strategy to be able to nip away and to take fractions of share points just through hard work. So that's fundamentally what we're looking relying on versus top -- total market growth.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: The second question. Now that you've had 100 days of LitePoint, what kind of synergies have you seen? And Greg, how should we think about the OpEx portion? You've done pretty well in the first half of '11 in terms of being under the model that you have prescribed, so how should we think about the OpEx as you progress through the year?
Gregory R. Beecher: Very good question, Iyer. The OpEx synergies will be insignificant. We're doing small things such as using they're going to use our HR system and we can help them hire people faster. Small things like that. We have some engineers speaking with their engineers sharing RF ideas, roadmaps. So there may be longer-term synergies that may help the customer. But in terms of cost synergies, I would say close to 0. It's more they avoid costs they would've incurred as a public company. They avoid those costs. And we're going to invest in LitePoint for growth, given their market share is 13% or so and they have disruptive products and there's these discontinuities which basically customers have to re-evaluate a whole new tooling decision. The past fleet cannot do the job. So we want to lean into LitePoint aggressively because there is so much, so much upside. So we look forward to speaking to you throughout the year in terms of how we're doing against that growth plan.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: So is it fair to then, say, model like 35% on the OpEx side going forward? Is that a right way to look at it?
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes. I think that's fair.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: And just one quick last follow-up Mike, maybe you can give us some color on that. Within the Systems Test, how should we think about the different components? I know you gave enough color on HDD side, but how about the other components on that? How do you think it's going to grow this year?
Michael A. Bradley: Let's see. The other components of the defense business and the Commercial Board Test business and in total, that's about $125 million of business. Those tend to be slower growth businesses. Commercial Board Test is not a growing market, but we've got a small and healthy business there. Defense, going forward, we think can grow to the tune of maybe 5% with a solid bottom line. So I don't think they'll be big engines of growth for us, but they'll be healthy players in the portfolio.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Operator that concludes today's call. Thank you for joining us. And we look forward to talking with you in the [indiscernible].
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting officer, Vice President and Treasurer Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Andrew J. Blanchard - Vice President of Corporate Relations
Analysts: Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Wenge Yang - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Olga Levinzon - Barclays Capital, Research Division Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David Duley - Merriman Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Satonya [ph], and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q3 2011 earnings conference call.  [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to today's host, Mr. Andrew Blanchard, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Thank you, Satonya [ph] Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our Chief Executive Officer, Mike Bradley; and our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for the third quarter of 2011 as well as our outlook for the fourth quarter. First, I’d like to address several administrative issues. The press release containing our results was sent out via Business Wire last evening. Copies are available on our website or by calling Teradyne’s Corporate Relations office at (978) 370-2221. This call is being simultaneously webcast at teradyne.com.  Note that during this call, we are providing slides on the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion. To view them, simply access the Investor page of the site and click on the Live Webcast icon. In addition, replays of this call will be available via the same page about 24 hours after the call ends. The replays will be available, along with the slides, through November 13. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne’s results to differ materially from management’s current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release, as well as our most recent SEC filings, for a complete description. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today’s call, we'll make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We have posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, where available on our website. Again, to view them, go to the Investor page and click on the GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation link. Also, you may want to note that between now and our next conference call, Teradyne will be participating in the Piper Jaffray TMT Conference on November 8 and UBS' Technology and Services Conference on November 17, both in New York; Credit Suisse's 2011 Technology Conference in Phoenix on November 30 and Barclays Global Technology Conference on December 8 in San Francisco.  Now let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, our CEO, Mike Bradley, will review the state of the company and the industry in the third quarter and our outlook for the fourth quarter. Then, our CFO, Greg Beecher, will provide more details on our quarterly performance, along with our guidance for the fourth quarter. We'll then answer your questions. For scheduling purposes, you should note that we intend to end this call after 1 hour. Mike?
Michael A. Bradley: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for being with us again today. I'd like to first just to recap both our quarterly results and the short-term outlook. Second is to step back and look at how 2011 will close out, with an emphasis on both our core business and on how our expanded product portfolio is performing. And third is to frame how our acquisition of LitePoint fits into our overall strategy. As always, Greg will give you the financial details and outlook. But he'll also add some insights into our model going forward, as well as our operating flexibility and cash strategy after the LitePoint acquisition.  So let me go over how we're doing in the current market environment, our third and fourth quarter [indiscernible] forward. We exceeded the top end of the Q3 range and had another solid bottom line performance. But the fourth quarter continues to track down as we step through the continued pullback in the SemiTest demand and see the normal choppiness in the HDD shipments. So we've moved our Q4 guidance down in line with this order trend to a $270 million to $300 million range with a 6% to 11% operating profit level. Now this does include LitePoint revenue, but not a full quarter. So you can see that our ongoing business has downshifted considerably since midyear. Greg will break the numbers out in a bit more detail in his comments.  What's happened in our main associate test market is a sequential order drop of about 22%. Power management and image sensors, with a strong sector at or close to their highest levels during the last year or so, followed by wireless and mobile processors. But demand for precision analog, microcontrollers and automotive were all off their Q2 levels. Now I don't think there's any special significance here other than the higher caution customers have during pullbacks. And most of these are, of course, tied to macroeconomic themes.  I mentioned last quarter that the overall market size expectation in SOC for Q4 could be about $500 million. But I'd amend that at this point, and put it more in the $450 million to $500 million range. That means a sub $2 billion total market run rate as we exit the year. And that includes some reasonably hefty tooling in the PC test segment. So we'll see pretty tight times across the board and SOC for the short term.  Now the pattern in Memory Test was similar in Q3 with bookings down 37% from the second quarter. Although we saw incremental business in both FLASH and high-speed Memory Test, the overall market is now running at a quarterly rate of between $100 million and $150 million, so a sub $600 million annualized market size.  Total OSAT bookings were at $55 million for the quarter, which is very close to the most recent trough quarter, Q3 2010.  IDM buying in Q3 this year was actually below the levels of that Q3 2010 trough. So you can see that we're in a very cautionary environment.  That said, we haven't seen anything significant in the way of cancellations. So what's on the books is truly needed for new product introductions and ramps. And our service business provides an additional floor of support averaging about $240 million annually over the last 2 years.  Now outside of SemiTest, our defense and in-circuit test business units are holding up quite well, with increased order rates in the third quarter, and they're delivering model bottom line performance due to our ongoing cost discipline.  The defense sector, uncertainties of the past year are stabilizing. So we expect that business to be more steady going forward. While the in-circuit business will more likely follow the cycle of the overall economy.  On the spending front, we're making some selective investments in engineering and distribution that Greg talked about last quarter. We see these as prudent and disciplined moves that are aligned with our continued drive for market share.  So let me now move to how this year will shape up in total. Assuming the midpoint of our fourth quarter range will end the year with revenues of just over $1.4 billion, and above model profits for the second year in a row. Systems Test will have its best year ever with solid results in defense and in-circuit tests. Storage test will exceed the top end of our expectations in revenues as the group has successfully penetrated new customers and expanded its range of test solutions in 2.5-inch hard drives.  Eagle Test has performed exceptionally well, and has been a major component of our market share thrust in performance analog and mixed signal applications. And despite a subdued memory market, Nextest has made market share progress in both wafer and final test applications for DRAM and FLASH memory testing.  Our SemiTest strategy has been best focused on sectors like wireless, power management, image sensors and anything mobile, as well as unsteady growth sectors like automotive and microcontroller-rich consumer end products. And in virtually every arena across SemiTest and Systems Test, we have new products in the field or in the pipeline for 2012 introductions.  Which brings me finally, to the most recent move in our long-term growth strategy. As we've discussed, LitePoint gives us an extension into the fast-growing wireless test market for products like smartphones, tablets and the array of wireless products connected to the Internet. What's compelling about LitePoint is how they've married a unique ATE type tester architecture to a production solution that integrates the needs of the product brand, the chipset designer and the contract manufacturer.  Litepoint's close enough to our core to get leverage from our technology and scale, but separate enough to open up a new high-growth market. So we can concentrate on expanding their business, not being mired down by the challenges of overlapping products and markets. We believe that it's close to a bullseye in the potential for growth and leverage, and thus a great use of our capital.  In summary, the short-term picture's one mostly of caution. As such, we'll stay disciplined but not frozen in the investments we make. But the longer term course, I believe, holds a great deal of promise for our core test businesses in the strategic additions we've made.  Now let me turn it over to Greg.
Gregory R. Beecher: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Before I get into the details around Q3 and Q4, I'll first address the 3 questions that I expect many of you have. First, how does LitePoint affect our model? Second, given the LitePoint acquisition, what is our thinking around our cash strategy and future M&A? And third, what are our plans if we enter a deep or prolonged downturn? Taking these in order. First, how does LitePoint affect our model? LitePoint is expected to add about $160 million or more in revenue next year, though its quarterly sales will be volatile as revenue is both tied to new programs and is somewhat seasonal. The model sale is necessary to achieve our 15% operating profit. We'll move from about $305 million a quarter, to about $350 million with the addition of Litepoint's fixed cost and some other changes in SemiTest, which I'll get to in a moment.  While Litepoint's fixed cost will increase the revenue required to earn our 15% model profit rate, its lean cost structure will improve gross margins of the entire company by about 2 points at that $350 million model quarterly sales level.  The SemiTest changes included increase of about $3 million a quarter from our earlier model beginning in the first quarter, as we increase engineering spend on product development to drive future market share gains.  We also expect Semi margins will decline about 1% over the next year based upon our best estimate of the pricing environment. Recall this level of model operating revenue of $350 million simply describes our gross margin and OpEx at that revenue point that delivers 15% operating profit for the company. It shouldn't be viewed as a cross cycle midpoint. In fact, as you can see in the slide in the earnings call package on the web, pro forma sales over the 8 quarters ending in 2011, with the pro forma addition of $40 million per quarter of LitePoint revenue, is over $400 million, well above that $350 million level.  LitePoint is off to a good start for our first partial period with sales in the low $30 million range projected in the fourth quarter. For the full-year 2011, we expect about $130 million in LitePoint sales. Now LitePoint will also move our cash tax rate to about 10% to 12% in 2012, up from 6% in 2011. And we'll talk more about cash taxes a bit later.  The second question is: Given the LitePoint acquisition, what is our thinking around our cash strategy and future M&A? The short answer is that our cash plans remain unchanged. We'll continue to be patient and opportunistic in our buyback program, so that it provides value to our long term shareholders. The purpose of the program remains to offset dilution from employee equity instruments. So far, we've bought back 2.6 million shares at an average price of $11.83. Well over the period of buyback authorization last Friday, our stock has averaged $14.64.  We have $169 million left under the buyback. As the use of cash for future M&A, we'll also continue with our strict criteria of earning our 15% cost of capital. And any tenants that we consider must be a very close fit with either our technology or distribution capabilities. Clearly, our overriding focus will be on our core test businesses and fully ensuring that LitePoint is a success.  And the third question. What are our plans if we enter a deep or prolonged downturn? If this were to happen, as we've said before, we would not plan to take actions to reduce headcount or change our product roadmap or support levels. This is because our model was designed for full cycles, including sharp downturns. Our operating breakeven is set so that in a normal downturn, we'll stay profitable.  Our lean model keeps our entire organization fully focused on growth and customer support through downturns, versus having to turn our attention inward every few years to rework the cost structure. And at the extreme, a 2008, 2009 or even worse scenario could actually play to our competitive advantage, as we are significantly better prepared than our competitors from a cost structure or balance sheet perspective.  Now moving to the key highlights of the third quarter. We exceeded our sales and earnings guidance with a top line of $344 million and non-GAAP EPS of $0.34. The higher top line was primarily due to more hard disk drive test system revenue than projected as product acceptances were achieved ahead of schedule.  The third quarter marks the seventh quarter in a row operating above our model 15% profit rate. Our financial health matches up well against the leading front end companies, as we expect to average a 24% operating profit rate, along with free cash flow of 23% of sales over the 3-year period ending this calendar year.  On the market share and growth front, the key standout this year is in hard disk drive. This quarter, our hard disk drive sales exceeded its first half of volume, and brought the year-to-date hard disk drive sales past the high end of our original target of $80 million to $120 million. This was accomplished by expanding into multiple new customers and new applications in the 2.5-inch space. This year will also set new records for our Systems Test Group. This is on course to achieve our highest sales and profit levels ever.  On the SemiTest front, we are continuing with SOC socket wins at a pace consistent with the past. But as I mentioned last quarter, moving on the other side of the segment shifts, as strong PC test buying will temporarily depress our 2011 market share. You recall that last year, we said that about half of our 9-point SOC test share gains were temporary segment shifts favoring us, and the other half were permanent. This year the second buying has favored our largest competitor, as PC-driven buying is unusually high. We believe that our normalized share basis were in the mid-40s in SOC test.  In memory, we expect to gain a few points with our very strong FLASH and DRAM test portfolio. On the balance sheet, we grew cash and marketable securities to $1.2 billion. Subsequent to the close, we spent $514 million, including transaction cost, to acquire LitePoint, net of cash and tax benefits acquired. At year end, we expect our gross cash and marketable security balances to total about $750 million.  As I mentioned before, our cash tax rate in 2012 is moving up to 10% to 12% from about 6% in 2011. Let me explain this. With the addition of LitePoint, our U.S. 2012 taxable income is significantly increased. This is because we eat through our unlimited variable tax attributes much sooner, and start to encounter the tax attributes that have annual limits on their usage. The bottom line to all this though, is that our favorable tax attributes will be spread over a longer time period. We've added to our [indiscernible] additional information on taxes to help you fine tune your models.  Moving now to the demand side. SemiTest bookings declined 24% to $196 million. SOC test orders were $177 million and Memory Test orders were $19 million in the third quarter. Systems Test group came in at $44 million, reflecting a decline in HDD orders after very strong shipments in the third quarter.  In the third quarter, semiconductor sales were 70% of the total, and the Systems Test group was 30%. Our book-to-bill ratio for the third quarter was 0.7 for the overall company, 0.81 for semiconductor test and 0.42 for the Systems Test group.  At the end of the quarter, our backlog stood at $362 million, of which 81% is scheduled to ship and be recognized as revenue within the next 6 months.  The top line of $344 million was down $66 million, or 16% sequentially from the second quarter. SemiTest was $241 million, down $102 million, or 30%. And Systems Test group was $103 million, up $36 million or 53%. SemiTest product shipments decreased 36% from a quarter ago. Within the $344 million, service revenue was $69 million, flat with the second quarter. SemiTest service revenue was $56 million.  Total company product turns business was 21% versus 29% a quarter ago. SemiTest product turns business was 30% versus 32% a quarter ago. Memory revenue was $26 million.  Moving down the P&L. Gross margins decreased from 52% in the second quarter to 49% in the third quarter due to lower volume and a much higher mix of hard disk drive revenue.  R&D expenses were flat at $47 million, or 14% of sales, compared to 12% of sales in the second quarter. SG&A expenses were $55 million or 16% of sales, compared to $57 million or 14% of sales in the second quarter.  Operating expenses in total of $102 million were down $3 million from the second quarter, driven by lower variable compensation.  Our net non-GAAP interest and other expense was 0 due to gains our marketable securities sold to fund the LitePoint acquisition. We recorded a tax provision of $2 million; a tax rate of approximately 3%, which reflects a reduction in our estimated full-year cash tax rate from 7% to 6%. The lower tax rate and gains on marketable securities that were sold contributed $0.02 to our third quarter EPS. Cash flow from operations totaled $71 million after capital additions.  As noted in the press release, sales for the fourth quarter are expected to be between $270 million and $300 million. And the non-GAAP EPS range is $0.08 to $0.16 on 202 million diluted shares. I should add that the guidance excludes the inclusation [ph] of acquired intangibles, the non-cash imputed interest on the convertible debt and estimated GAAP purchase accounting charges related to the acquisition of LitePoint. The operating profit point at the midpoint of our fourth quarter guidance is about 9%.  Now moving to the P&L percentages in the fourth quarter. We expect gross margins to be 50%, R&D should be 21% to 19%, and SG&A should be 22% to 20%. Non-GAAP net interest expense is expected to be about $2 million. The cash tax provision should be about $1 million.  In summary, if I step back from the short term for a moment, over the last few years, our strategy has been to exercise strong financial discipline while at the same time, strengthen each of our core businesses. This strategy has resulted in strong cash flow and market share gains. We've used that cash flow for very close to the core of growth such as the Eagle and Nextest acquisitions, and for the organic expansions into hard disk drive and high-speed memory. We're also patiently returning capital to shareholders with our buyback program.  The 4 growth initiatives I've just mentioned have contributed about 1/3 of our EPS since the beginning of 2010. We've now added LitePoint into the fold, which has both a higher gross -- a higher growth rate and better margins than Teradyne with its highly differentiated product and solution set and lean cost structure. We plan to stay on course, which is to stay sharply focused on strengthening our core businesses, maintaining financial discipline and deploying our excess cash for the highest possible returns.  Now I'll turn the call back over to Andy.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Thanks, Greg. Satonya [ph], we'd now like to take some questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Stephen Chin with UBS.
Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just first question about just short-term items. I was wondering if you guys would share about -- if you could see another wave of strong HDD opportunity from this investor [ph] perhaps?
Michael A. Bradley: Stephen, it's Mike. I think it's too early to tell. I wouldn't -- you maybe asking an HDD question. But we have hundreds and hundreds of customer systems. We have many more semiconductor test systems in Thailand than we have storage test systems. So if you'd like, I can broaden my comments to that.
Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Sure, Mike.
Michael A. Bradley: Well, let's see. Let me say just a couple of things. One is, it's too early to tell definitively what the impact is going to be. Our priority right now is to be side-by-side with customers trying to assess the damage and quickly mobilize so that if they need anything, whether [ph] they are both with technical support and with material. We do, of course -- we're in the process of assessing where every system is. And we've got some take here on status of systems. I think it would be not appropriate for me to break down how many systems are affected and so on. But there is a direct effect that we're looking at systems that have been directly damaged and then there are any environmental effects that may reveal themselves over time. Right now, everything we know is factored in. So the guidance has got some amount of additional short-term equipment in it to try to plug any holes for folks. So your question was in the short term, is there an impact? Everything you see in our revenue plan is broken down there. We obviously don't want to get into describing either product types or customers and how they're affected. I think we'll leave that to those customers to delineate that.
Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. Thanks for that, Mike. Just to expand on that, do you think there may be perhaps a second wave of opportunity in the HDD space once the M&A is sorted out?
Michael A. Bradley: Well, let's see. For us, I don't know if that's a market question or -- for us, this last year, we've been able to get into -- penetrate a number of new accounts, with a number of new applications. So consolidations will typically -- they can have 2 effects. One can be some compression in buying because there's better utilization of equipment. And the other one is that if there are new opportunities, you can pursue those new opportunities. I think we're tied more to the total market and how the market's going to move now. If you asked me that a year ago, I think the consolidation might have had a different effect because we were trying to design in at that point, and maybe that gets slowed down by a consolidation. So I don't think there's a kind of double effect here. We'll track, I think, more of the market now than we would in a specific business combination.
Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got it, and that's helpful. And just if I could switch to SOC. On the SOC side, 2 questions. Are you seeing an impact from accelerated depreciation in the December quarter, as what Novellus mentioned yesterday? And second, how should we think about 2012 buyrates, given the weakness at analog [ph] customers?
Gregory R. Beecher: Steve, this is Greg. I'll take the first one on accelerated depreciation. No, we have not heard that from our customers as a catalyst that might cause them to pull orders [ph] than they would otherwise. So that hasn't hit our radar screen yet.
Michael A. Bradley: Stephen, on the buy rate. We're exiting the year at a pretty depressed rate. I think if you annualized SOC, it's operating at a sub-$2 billion level. And then memory, it's in the low 500-s. So in these cycles, if you are buying into -- that we're connected here at some mid-cycle level, we obviously have a recovery ahead of us. What's the magnitude of the recovery? Well, this will be the second lowest buy rate year for those 2 sectors in more than 10 years. And it's only -- the only lower buy rate was in the downturn in 2009. The timing of that, no one can call. I think -- you see, there's a chart in our -- on the web that talks about what the typical drops have been. And we are close to that 50% sequential quarterly drop, which is where some of the cycles have troughed. But the duration of it, uncertain at this point, whenever you hear customers are very, very conservative. And that's what we're hearing. But I think it has to come back, this $2 billion to $2.5 billion SOC market, I think is probably too north. And memory is a little harder to call but $600 million, $700 million in total market, I think would not be unreasonable to get back to. When is obviously everybody's question.
Stephen Chin - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And your market share would be around 45% roughly?
Michael A. Bradley: In SOC, our market share would be -- I think that's a good number. You remember last year, we were higher than that, because we had some of our sectors grow faster -- but around 45%. That's a normalized market -- we call it a normalized market share for us. Okay. Can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wenge Yang with Citigroup.
Wenge Yang - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: You showed a pretty good slide showing that in the last 4 to 5 cycles, the downturn was recorded never longer than that even in 2009. So for this time, we are facing 2 quarters of order decline. Do you see this downturn to behave similar to the past, or do you see it different?
Michael A. Bradley: It feels to us more like a normal cycle than it does -- 2009 I think it will remain a little higher [ph]. So if you would do comparables, you'd look at those other 50% cycles. Now could it go for an extra quarter? Sure, it can.
Wenge Yang - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. I'll switch to the LitePoint, so can you discuss a little bit more about the growth opportunities of that business? And you mentioned about a $1 billion market size. What's the growth rate in the next couple of years? And what's the market share of LitePoint at this point? And what's the target market share coming up in the next couple of years?
Gregory R. Beecher: Okay. Let me just give it to you quickly. The LitePoint business this year will be in the $130 million, roughly in that level. So if the market is around $1 billion, $900 million to $1 billion, that means it's in the midteens, let's say, 13% to 15%, 16% share. As we've looked at this market, it has -- the end market growth is higher than the semiconductor device unit end market growth, and the tester market growth is higher. We think the tester market could grow 8% to 10% compound for the next few years. So that's the TAM we're looking for, and as Greg outlined, we think we can be in the 20%-plus growth rate compounded over the next few years. So you can do the math, and see that our market share can move up as it will grow faster than the -- it'll grow -- we hope it'll grow about twice the rate of the tester market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess, a couple of questions. First on the competitive environment, now that we've seen a little bit of time go by with one of your old standalone competitors integrated into a bigger company, what kind of things are you seeing that you might have not expected relative to the competitive environment and relative to that?
Gregory R. Beecher: Jim, it's Greg. I'll take that one. At this point, it still feels more as if it's the same. We haven't seen any significant changes in either's approach, and we certainly haven't seen any significant cost synergies. So it feels a little bit more that it's the battle that we're have been fighting for many years. I suppose that at some point, there may be some synergies or some rationalization, but that doesn't appear to be in the foreseeable future.
Michael A. Bradley: Jim, I think the surprise from our end is not -- it isn't a big surprise because it looks like the same product set and same roadmaps that we're going to be -- have been competing with and will compete with. I think from an analyst standpoint, the surprise would be that there isn't more product rationalization in the short term. But that's the battle we're in. And as we've said in the past, this won't shift things quickly. It more shifts it on the basis of the normal socket war that transpires.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And if I could ask a follow-up on the analog side, it seems pretty clear that your analog customers are under-shipping their demand as the supply chain goes through a little bit of an inventory draw down, which obviously, is healthy at the end of the day for your customers. How much do you think analog shipments would need to increase before those customers could start to think about ordering again? Any idea on kind of percentage increase that your customers would need to see there?
Michael A. Bradley: On their device shipments?
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Correct.
Michael A. Bradley: No. I don't have a picture of that.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Maybe if I could then get a different follow-up since we couldn't fairly address that one. On the NAND side, NAND's been very, very healthy and NAND test has been okay. But I guess I might have expected even more on the NAND test side in light of the health of the NAND market this year. What are your thoughts around that?
Michael A. Bradley: Well, NAND has clearly been better than DRAM in the total market and for us. You were saying that you would expect more from us or more from...
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: No, more from that. I guess, I would have expected the NAND industry to order even more test equipment, given what's been a pretty darn good year on the NAND side.
Michael A. Bradley: Yes.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: It's been good for you, but I guess I'm surprised it hasn't been even better or your customers haven't even had more activity there.
Michael A. Bradley: Well, I don't disagree with you. I think what happens is that as the device units and bit counts go up, the testers don't go up anywhere close to that. So the productivity side of the equation is still pretty effective in how customers are using the equipment. But I think you're right to characterize that the NAND side of the equation is certainly better in the market and it's certainly been better for us. The Magnum product's been doing pretty well there. So if you take total memory market, we'll gain a little bit of ground this year in share points. But unfortunately, that's in a smaller rather than bigger market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini with SIG.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Going back to the Q4 guidance, I understand on the top line, LitePoint is going to contribute somewhere in the $30 million to $35 million. But can you provide more color on the margin side? I see in your material that the non-GAAP gross margin is about 50% for Q4. So should we assume LitePoint is at those levels?
Gregory R. Beecher: Mehdi, this is Greg. We're not going to break out LitePoint's gross margin, so we won't do that. So there's a lot going on when you go from any one quarter to the next. For example, there's a lot less hard disk drive shipments in the fourth quarter. There are other ins and outs. So you're not going to have a trail that you can quantify LitePoint. What I did say earlier, though, if we had a normalized mix of business, everything was normalized at the $350 million. LitePoint would have an impact of about 2 points versus it not being in there. So LitePoint will obviously improve our gross margins.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: And what about on the OpEx side?
Gregory R. Beecher: LitePoint has higher OpEx. So the higher gross margins gets diluted a bit with their higher OpEx, but the operating margins, that's still healthier than Teradyne on average.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Sure. And then did you say that for Q4, the non-GAAP operating margin guidance is 6% to 8%?
Gregory R. Beecher: The operating profit would be 6% to 11%.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: 6% to 11%?
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes. And 9% is sort of a midpoint.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. And then if I may -- and this goes back to LitePoint again.
Gregory R. Beecher: Sure.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: There could be well over $130 million of revenue opportunity next year.There was also a commentary on the seasonality part of that segment.So how should we think about Q1 of next year versus like Q2, Q3?
Michael A. Bradley: Mehdi, the number for next year we said was $160 million plus. The $130 million was this year.
Gregory R. Beecher: Mehdi, I think it would likely build and have stronger quarters in Q3. Q2 could be strong.I think it would build through the year. So I wouldn't look for Q1 to be a blowout quarter at all. There's new programs that they're going after and making great progress. So I think some of those things will take off midyear.So it is going to be quite volatile, it's level of sales.So I think it's easier to think about it as $40 million, on average, a quarter or better. But it can be quite a bit lower or quite a bit higher in any one quarter.
Michael A. Bradley: Similar to what we've done in having to describe the volatility that you see in the storage test.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: And then one final one.How should we think about kind of a booking direction in Q4? We're already almost a month into the quarter. And I do understand you do more than half of your business in the latter part of the quarter. But given the current business trend, should we assume that there's another double-digit decline in booking or is it less?
Michael A. Bradley: Mehdi, as you know, we don't guide for the reasons you'd just described. I think that the -- if you go back to that chart that shows the prior troughs, I think you could -- as we said, you could see continuation at or around that level. I don't think we actually have more visibility than that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I have 2 of them. Number one, Greg, you mentioned that Semi business might see a 1% decline in margins because of pricing pressure. I do remember your comments, I think in 2Q you said you saw some pricing pressure. So my question is has the pricing gotten incrementally worse? Or has it stabilized that do you think just a spillover will affect next year on margins?
Michael A. Bradley: I think it stayed on that same trajectory we've talked about earlier, that the pricing environment for the last 6 months thereabout, has been a little bit sharper than in the past. But we have gone through these ebbs and flows many, many times. And what normally happens is when you introduce your new product down the road, you do better because it had a different cost structure. But in the near term -- and maybe we're conservative. But in the near term, we want to reflect in the models, some of what we're sensing or seeing in some particular situations.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: All right. And then on the LitePoint side, from my understanding, this is more of a focus box position that has really short lifetime. I mean, the lifetime is only like 12 to 18 months of these products, if I'm right. And along this [indiscernible], should be assume that LitePoint really does not have a service business and services and so does the mix of total revenues is going to go down next year?
Gregory R. Beecher: That's a great question. LitePoint service business is very small, you're right. So it will be different than other parts of Teradyne. It will not get up to 18%, 20% being serviced. It will be dramatically lower. So yes, you can model that. And the life is certainly shorter. It's not as short as you've mentioned. I would think of it more as 3 years. And -- but there's a high rate of technological change, which obviously, is good for us because there's always a new tester needed every couple of years.
Michael A. Bradley: Right. For the incremental revenue from LitePoint, it wouldn't carry the same 18% to 20% level that the other business does..
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's very helpful. And then just the final question. Your breakeven with that LitePoint, I think, was somewhere in the $220 million run rate for operating breakeven.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: What is it with LitePoint?
Gregory R. Beecher: With LitePoint, it's about $250 million..
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Duley with Steelhead Securities.
David Duley - Merriman: A couple of questions from me. Is the growth that you expect from LitePoint, do you think that will come more from current customers or from new customer wins?
Michael A. Bradley: I think a big chunk will come from current customers in the near term. As time goes on, more will come from new customers. They have very strong penetration into some existing customers, and we expect their new product to gain market share at existing customers first. But it's also being shown to some new customers. But I think the traction at the existing customers is just much stronger.
David Duley - Merriman: Okay. And as far as the SemiTest business, do you think -- just not asking for guidance, but do you think that the business has bottomed? And I guess I'll just ask that part first then I have a follow-up.
Gregory R. Beecher: Well, from an order rate, I think we're in the ballpark, plus or minus some amount. But we're in the ballpark. And I think that unless there's something very different going on, which we don't think there is because if you look at the segments, or if you look at OSATs and IDMs, I think all of these things triangulate to this level being likely to be around the bottom level.
David Duley - Merriman: So your subset at the bottom isn't driven by looking at the last 5 or 6 cycles and looking at the duration of the cycles that's based on what your customers are telling you and where the levels of spending are?
Gregory R. Beecher: It's a combination of all of those.
David Duley - Merriman: Okay. And the -- did you mention what the hard disk drive revenue was in the third quarter? And what should we expect for that business in the fourth quarter?
Gregory R. Beecher: We didn't mention that other than to say that it was more in that one quarter than the entire first half of the year and that with the third quarter revenue, we're above the top end of our earlier range, which was $120 million. So over $120 million right now and there's a fourth quarter to go. Third quarter was a big quarter. Fourth quarter, we expect to be quite a bit less. But obviously, this is a very strong year for hard disk drive based upon new customers and new applications. Now I should also say, we set hard disk drive up to hit model profitability of 15% when they're at $125 million of sales. So we're obviously pleased that they're above that this year. And we'll close out this year with a record year for hard disk drive. And we'll look forward to next year in terms of any other expansions we can get.
David Duley - Merriman: Okay. Final question for me is you mentioned what cash should end up the year at. Can you just give us an idea of what the cash flow from operations is kind of in this, I guess, perhaps trough quarter?
Gregory R. Beecher: The trough quarter, from ops, about $60 million or so. One thing that has a little bit of an impact on us is we still have decent amount of deferred revenue customer advances. I know that's coming down. But that balance does tend to reduce what otherwise would be our cash flow inflows, about $60 million.
David Duley - Merriman: And you incorporated the reduction in the customer deposits in that $60 million?
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Ho with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Two-part question on LitePoint. You mentioned the seasonality aspect. What's the normal seasonality for LitePoint? And the second question on LitePoint is what are kind of the average lead or cycle times? How quickly do you turn those products around for those customers?
Michael A. Bradley: So far, I think it's going to be hard to say normal. But we think it's going to have the characteristics of being more of a midyear. If you try to pick the peak quarter, it's probably going to be Q2 to Q3 rather than the beginning or end of year quarters. What was the second question?
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just -- on the like the lead and cycle times in terms of that business relative to your other businesses.
Gregory R. Beecher: This is Greg. That's much quicker. It's 2 to 4 weeks. And those boxes have less variations or configurations. So it's much quicker.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. So that could just increase your overall turns business for the whole company?
Gregory R. Beecher: It does. And I'll add to that, that the turns and some other quarters can be 90%. So they're going to be a little more difficult to forecast with their volatility, high terms business, very little service business. So we might continue to have a little bit wider range to compensate for that.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: That's very helpful. Going to the hard disk drive business in terms of some of the recent events that have occurred, have you made any adjustments in terms of your lead times, your inventory management to potentially respond to any, I guess, sudden changes or requests from customers because typically I believe, and you could correct me if I'm wrong, it's typically over 3 months in terms of the lead times. Have you made any adjustments based on potential customer requests?
Michael A. Bradley: Patrick, we have. We're trying to position some material in the first quarter to be able to respond to the uncertainty.
Patrick J. Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And final question for me in terms of the overall SOC test market, if we look at -- if we're approaching a bottom as you've suggested, how do you look at the overall industry SOC test market in 2012 at this point of the game?
Michael A. Bradley: Well, let's see. We -- I think we do 2 things. We speculate only to the level of saying that we think this is a 1%-plus buy rate business and a $200 billion device market. So we've been sizing our operations here around a $2 billion level, which has certainly been the floor in the last 4 or 5 years, below the floor of the market, which has been in the $2.3 billion to $2.5 billion range. So in a recovery year like you had in 2010, it's stronger than this year. I think this year's number is actually going to end up at about $2.3 billion or $2.4 billion. But we exit the year at a $1.9 billion rate. So we always try to size the business conservatively, meaning sizing the expense level. But we expect to -- that market to be still in that -- I'll call it $2.3 billion to $2.5 billion range.
Gregory R. Beecher: I'll add one thing to what Mike just said. We've sized our cost structure for $2 billion. But our inventory pipeline is often positioned to deliver revenue between $2.3 billion, $2.5 billion, that neighborhood. So we sort of have 2 plans, a revenue plan based upon where the market has been and what we have some belief that it's reasonable. But we size it -- the cost structure at $2 billion to ensure healthy profitability.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse with Barclays Capital.
Olga Levinzon - Barclays Capital, Research Division: This is Olga calling in for C.J. Just following up on an earlier question regarding the pricing declines that you're seeing in SemiTest, can you talk about which areas or markets and specifically where you see the most pressure? And what that equates to on a blended basis in terms of year-over-year declines in pricing for your testers?
Michael A. Bradley: Olga, there's no particular segment or customer. It's really the competitive environment that, in some cases, there are offensive moves, and we're the aggressor. In other cases, it's defensive moves where we're moving price to protect the sector. But if you looked at the last '10 [ph], you wouldn't see a pattern either in customer or market segment or product.
Olga Levinzon - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got it. And then I guess on the LitePoint targeted model. In the revised model that you offered incorporating LitePoint, does that include just existing OpEx structure or does that also incorporate your potential cost-cutting efforts as we go through 2012?
Gregory R. Beecher: It incorporates existing and actually added investment at LitePoint. They need to hire some more people in Asia and other locations to achieve a higher plan than the $160 million. So they're ramping up for more ambitious plan. It's not significant hiring, but some hiring. And LitePoint is doing quite well financially now. So we would certainly be on the side of investing more in LitePoint. And that's all factored into the model. We have put that in the model. So in truth, we might start off a little favorable to the model because all that spending may not be in right away in the first quarter of 2012.
Olga Levinzon - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got it. And then just a clarification question on the share buybacks, you said that you had $169 million left, and so far you're really targeting just offsetting the dilution. Are you targeting a specific timing in terms of deploying the cash? Or is this more of an opportunistic type of just of monitoring the stock price?
Gregory R. Beecher: It's the latter. It's opportunistic. We want to be very patient in prior buybacks, whether it was Teradyne or others. Companies tend to buy back once they have a lot of cash and the authorization. And that often did not work with hindsight. So we'd rather be very patient, very patient. We have a conservative grid, pick up larger amounts as the stock goes lower and lower. So we may not meet our target in a 1-year period or 2-year period. But we think over a longer term period, it will be a better deal for the shareholders.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Satya Kumar with Credit Suisse.
Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Did you give out your utilization rate for your tests [indiscernible] with subcontractor customers [ph]?
Michael A. Bradley: Satya, we didn't, but I can for you. Let me put it in context from last quarter to this quarter. I think last quarter, we were describing a total utilization rate maybe -- I think we broke it down, actually. Set the OSATs, we're in the mid to high 70s. In the IDMs, we're in the 80s. That's notched down slightly. The IDMs are now in the low 80s. They're probably in the mid-80s a quarter ago. The subcons are and the mid-70s at this point. So combined, I'd put us around 80 with a slight little bias towards the under, so high 70s at this point. So it's pretty low level.
Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just sort of macro level, when you look at the packaging in the test industry in aggregate customers, from what your subcontractors like -- will actually raise their CapEx. And they seem to be shifting a lot more of their spending to packaging, where the utilization rates seem to be a lot higher. Do you see a mix shift happening, just in the back in the test and back in the universe, where the mix is going more for packaging and the testing productivity? Or pricing pressure is sort of making the testing market go slower?
Michael A. Bradley: I don't think that the money is being allocated and what's left over is going to test. I think that the test productivity has been very strong over the last few years, which has allowed unit volumes to go up and the tester capital to stay at a steady rate. So the allocation is based upon technology changes and with the test industry has been doing a very good job at is improving productivity and improving the useful license systems. Now that doesn't work great for the size of the market. But we're -- that's why our focus has been on share gains.
Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: A couple of quick questions on LitePoint. You mentioned it doesn't include a full quarter worth of sales. I was wondering if you can say how many weeks of sales are included in LifePoint? Is it everything after October 5?
Gregory R. Beecher: I'll make it easier for you. We're missing about $4 million of revenue. It was a full quarter.
Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then if you looked at LitePoint's higher growth rates versus the market growth rates for 2012. My understanding is LitePoint's very strong in the short-range wireless test market, and the cellular market is obviously much bigger than, and we have the LTE deployment and could be a big growth opportunity as well. Is that part of the big area that you expect that LitePoint will get a lot stronger? And if that's the case, what specifically can Teradyne bring to the table that might accelerate the option rate for LitePoint and the cellular market? Maybe you can put into context the QUALCOMM licensing that you guys announced as well?
Michael A. Bradley: Satya, you're correct that the opportunity upside in the larger cellular market is one of the places that we think LitePoint has great growth potential. What Teradyne brings to the table -- frankly, we're trying to make sure that the engineering programs and the customer support ambition of LitePoint is met. And I think the bigger challenge is expanding in the field organization. So that's where we're trying to directly help. Longer term, there's obviously some opportunity for us to cross-pollinate on technology because we're in the device testing end and they're in the product testing end. So over a longer horizon, we intend to figure out ways that we can exploit the combination of the full range of test from semiconductor all the way to end product. But the focus right now is for us to accelerate to our larger worldwide footprint, the staffing that they need to do to get this market penetration during this next year.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Jagadish Iyer with Piper Jaffray.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Mike, you talked about mobility a lot. So I just want to understand how should we think about unit growth for your testers in '12 versus '11, given your share position there, please?
Michael A. Bradley: Unit growth for the?
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: For Teradyne testers in the mobility segment.
Michael A. Bradley: Okay, so you're talking about Semiconductor Test?
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Yes, yes, yes.
Michael A. Bradley: Let's see, I'm pausing because -- I guess, we're not looking at it in units. We look more in terms of what's going to happen in the market segments. And I can give you a picture of that if you hold just 1 second. I don't want to do this in terms of 2012, Jagadish, if that's all right, because we don't think -- well, next year we're going to have 12% more unit volume because then you get into well, which testers at which level of price performance. But I think the important thing is if you carved the Semiconductor Test SOC market into its segments, the mobility segment is a little bit underside of the market [ph]. And I want to go back to a baseline of 2008, okay, because I think that's a pre-downturn or pre-correction of 2010. We think that market, the projections we have and that the market is projecting is that, that takes -- that moves up to be about 20% of the market. So overall, that goes up 17% over the next -- from '08 to '13. So it's got a larger a piece of the pie. I would add automotive and microcontroller to that, which is actually growing a bit more than that from about 9% to 13% of our projections. So what's being offset in the PC, the chip test, microprocessor or graphic segments are declining. So when you factor all that -- and those are the kinds of numbers we're thinking about market growth. And then you layer on top of that, we think we've got a very competitive position in mobility, automotive and microcontroller. And that's what, together, gives us the projection that -- we're trying to gain 1 or 2 points of market share each year in the total market.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: I've got 2 quick questions. Two quick questions as a follow-up. On the LitePoint acquisition, if you think that LitePoint revenues are going to increase year-over-year, not the quarter-over-quarter fluctuation in '12, can you draw some meaningful conclusions on the overall SemiTest orders or revenue trajectory for 2012? I'm not worried about quarter-to-quarter, but overall for the year, please?
Michael A. Bradley: Well, I think it's what I had said. In terms of the tester market, we think the sizing that you should use -- that we would use would be in the $2.3 billion to $2.5 billion market size.
Gregory R. Beecher: I also think it's tricky to correlate LitePoint to SOC test because LitePoint has some sort of technological discontinuities, where new standards are being introduced, requiring a different tester. And that opens up buying. There's less of that in SemiTest.
Jagadish K. Iyer - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And one last question is that you had one of your customers -- NAND customers really talked about growth in SSD space. I just want to find out if there's any offering in the SSD space in the horizon? and how do you think the tester market is going to shape up for the SSD?
Michael A. Bradley: Yes. We're keeping an eye on the SSD module test area. And there's nothing -- we don't have products in that space at this point. But we'd certainly have technology both in the NAND test and in the storage test area that -- we're watching that market to see if it grows to a substantial size that would justify the kinds of platforms that we could develop or combine to address it. So nothing in the short term. But obviously, we're watching closely. And we think we've got a different portfolio of IP at this point to address it.
Andrew J. Blanchard: Everyone, this concludes today's call. Thank you for your interest in Teradyne. And we look forward to talking with you down the road.
Gregory R. Beecher: Thank you very much.
Michael A. Bradley: Thanks, everybody.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gregory Beecher - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting officer, Vice President and Treasurer Michael Bradley - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Andrew Blanchard - Vice President of Corporate Relations
Analysts: Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Auguste Richard - Piper Jaffray Companies Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital Patrick Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG Wenge Yang - Citigroup Inc Mahavir Sanghavi - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: Good morning, my name is Kimberly, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q2 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Andrew Blanchard, Vice President of Investor Relation.
Andrew Blanchard: Thank you, Kimberly. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our Chief Executive Officer, Mike Bradley; and our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for the second quarter of 2011 as well as our outlook for the third quarter. First, I’d like to address several administrative issues. The press release containing our most recent financial results was sent out via Business Wire last evening. Copies are available on our website or by calling Teradyne’s Corporate Relations office at (978) 370-2221. This call is being simultaneously webcast at teradyne.com.  Note that during this call, we are providing slides on the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion. To view them, simply access the Investor page of the site and click on the Live Webcast icon. In addition, replays of this call will be available via the same page about 24 hours after the call ends. The replays will be available, along with the slides, through the August 13. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne’s results to differ materially from management’s current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release, as well as our most recent SEC filings, for a complete description. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call.  During today’s call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We have posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, where available on our website. To view them, go to the Investor page and click on the GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation link. Also, we want you to know that between now and our next phone call, Teradyne will be participating in the Morgan Stanley Semi-Cap Equipment Corporate Access Day in Chicago on August 24, Piper Jaffray's Semiconductor Summit in Boston on August 31 and the Citi Technology Conference on September 8 in New York. Now let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, our CEO, Mike Bradley, will review the state of the company and the industry in the second quarter and our outlook for the third quarter. Then, our CFO, Greg Beecher, will provide more details on our quarterly performance, along with our guidance for the third quarter. We will then answer your questions.  For scheduling purposes, you should note that we intend to end this call after one hour. Mike?
Michael Bradley: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us again today. While we posted very good results for the second quarter, we're experiencing a similar slowdown in semiconductor test orders that are affecting other semi-cap equipment sectors. As a result, our third quarter guidance ranges $320 million to $340 million down 17% to 22% from Q2, with a 15% to 17% operating profit rate and earnings per share of $0.22 to $0.26.  Now I won't focus too much on the second quarter, as most of my comments today will be forward-looking given the market correction. But I do want to register that our model has performed exceptionally well now for 6 straight quarters and will continue to do so, number one. Number two, that we continue to grind out a number of important socket wins toward our market share objectives. And number three, that we're achieving some important product milestones this year, despite the softening demand picture.  Equally important is the fact that as the market adjusts down, as it did in the fourth quarter of last year, our bottom line operates at about 10 points higher than in the past and is the strongest in the test sector, a sign of our continued discipline on growing costs, only when they contribute to sustainable top line growth.  Greg will take you through a detailed breakdown of the Q2 and Q3 numbers, so I'll focus my remarks today on 3 things: First, is how we're reading this market correction; second, is what sectors we expect to be strongest over the cycle and how we're positioned in them; and third, how some of our new products had been faring, as they tackle emerging technical and economic challenges.  What happened in our main SOC test market is that we've seen a downshift in demand of 28% from our combined IDM tablets and OSAT customers. Orders were down in all device segments, except for image sensor, where some new end products drove healthy growth. Mobile connectivity and power management applications though continue to lead the way in our bookings, while the biggest pullback was in automotive, coming off a near-record order level in the first quarter.  By our estimates, this will reduce the overall SOC test market in Q3 to the $500 million to $550 million range, down from about $700 million in Q2. Now if you fold the $500 million fourth quarter into the equation, you'd end the year with a market between $2.3 billion and $2.4 billion or about 5% below the average of the last 5 years, and you'd have us exiting, that is, the market exiting the year at a $2 billion annualized level, which is 18% below that average run rate.  You'll recall that we've worked our way up to a normalized market share of about 45% in this space from the low-30s, 5 or 6 years ago. And we set our fixed cost to deliver model profits at a $2 billion market size. So while these quarterly swings come with little notice, we've built in some decent shock absorbers to navigate over the rough spots. I don't think that there's any way to precisely time these inflections, but it wouldn't be unusual to have a few quarters below the trend line followed by the usual recovery cycle. But the important thing about this market is the segment shifts occurring within the overall test CapEx.  A combination of end-market growth and device complexity is resulting in higher buy rates in the mobile connectivity, automotive and microcontroller segments and less in microprocessor and digitally dominant chip set applications, where structural tests and built-in-self test continue to compress test repurchases. Our engineering alignment to these growth segments, combined with the focus on winning critical new sockets are at the heart of our share growth over the last 5 or 6 years.  On the SOC design end front, we continue to add new sockets each quarter. Our second quarter results were quite strong, actually, with 24 new competitive sockets added, with key wins in the power, analog and RF sectors. Now we don't win every battle, but the aggregate annual share numbers over the last few years continue to reflect steady progress for us.  Some of these wins are tied to new high-end UltraFLEX options, which we introduced earlier this month at SEMICON West. In addition to higher frequency and higher density, the new generation of instruments allow much faster time to market for communications-rich devices used in smartphones, tablets and set-top boxes.  In addition, our ETS-88 system from Eagle had a record quarter with a number of performance analog design ins, and it now has an installed base of over 100 systems. You may recall that the ETS-88 is a unique, entry-level offering in the Eagle line that allows simultaneous test of different device types and very efficient parallel test. As a result, it's proved to be very attractive to a variety of IDM and fabless companies in the analog sector.  So in summary, we're seeing a natural digestion period in overall SOC test capital spending. The market trend line has centered around $2.3 billion to $2.5 billion per year. And we're entering a period, where as I said, it will be running at about $2 billion annualized, similar to many past cycles. More importantly, we're sized to navigate through this without any disruptions. And finally, our longer-term competitive position remains solid. Turning now to Memory Test. We've not yet seen a similar pullback to SOC, as our Q2 memory bookings were roughly flat to Q1. I will say that we could see some correction here going forward, given very recent caution and buying. But we are on track to achieve our highest market share ever this year at somewhere between 15% and 20%, based upon continued buying of Magnum and UltraFLEX products for FLASH, DRAM and graphics DRAM chips.  The overall memory test market will come at the mid-$700 million level this year for the second year running. As you know, we've been shooting this year for revenues in the $120 million range and hope to come within striking distance of that, even if things soften somewhat in the second half.  Our Systems Test business now was strong in the quarter with revenues, up 16% to $68 million and bookings over $75 million for the second quarter in a row.  Hard Disk Drives led the way, as we posted record 6-month bookings totals due to our expansion into multiple HDD customers over the last 12 months, coupled with a broadening served market now, including both mobile and enterprise drives. Our HDD revenues through 3 quarters should break through the $120 million level, which as you remember was the high end of our $80 million to $120 million targeted range entering the year. So despite some caution in the overall HDD market, we have some very good product and customer momentum underway.  In summary, we're guiding revenues down 17% to 22% from our Q2 level, as I said, as main line SOC customers digest their new capacity. But we will continue with stable or increased revenues in other areas including memory, defense, board test and hard disk drive, with standout growth in our ETS-88 and Neptune HDD systems. These last 2, good examples of our new market entry strategy.  As we showed in the down cycle at the end of last year, we're in a very volatile short lead time market, where these swings will be the norm. Our strategy of extending our SOC core, extending into memory, innovating in the hard disk drive market and maintaining structural cost discipline will serve us well as we navigate these swings.  Now let me turn it over to Greg for the broader financial perspective and the financial details.
Gregory Beecher: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Before I get into the details around Q2 and Q3, I want to address 3 important questions that I expect many of you are asking at this point in the cycle. First, is the current reduction in demand likely to be a major or minor reset in tester CapEx? In other words, how deep and long are we expecting this correction to be? Second, how will our model perform in scenarios of lower revenue or varied mix? And third, what measures are we taking short or long term to offset this lower demand? Let me take this one by one. First, regarding how long and deep do we expect this correction to be, well, let's first look back at recent cycles, where we had 3 normal market corrections, such as in the third quarters of 2006, 2007 and 2010. And the one major correction of 2008, 2009. Now from all that we've seen in terms of utilization rates, customer sentiment, SOC unit growth, end market demand for our segments, this decline in SOC orders looks much more like the '06, '07 and 2010 corrections than the '08, '09 major reset, where severe global economic stress outweighed any semiconductor industry-specific issues. These short corrections typically had 2 quarters of sequential SOC product order decline, ranging from about 30% to 50% peak to trough. We've shown this graphically in the slides on the website.  Now regarding how the model performed and actions were taken, you'll recall we sized the company to achieve our 15% model profit rate, when the SOC test market is as low as $2 billion a year, despite its $2.5 billion average over the last 5 years. We've also outsourced manufacturing and variablize a significant portion of our compensation. This gives us a very strong shock absorber to do well in normal market corrections. We clearly demonstrate this in our last low point, the fourth quarter of 2010.  In this period, we delivered a 20% profit rate with non-GAAP EPS of $0.35. This performance was actually better than our model due to some year-end true-ups in our fringe rate and taxes, so it is better to look at our model when thinking about this upcoming third quarter. Our Q3 guidance is tracking to our model with a very high mix of HDD revenue. The model is provided in the slide presentation on the website. We expect to deliver a 15% to 17% operating profit rate with non-GAAP EPS of $0.22 to $0.26 in the third quarter.  As to the actions that we plan on taking, well, other than to reduce the inventory pipeline, the variable nature of our compensation naturally kicks in and lowers our operating expenses, consistent with our model. So we planned no headcount reductions or roadmap changes, as we set our model at a level that has proven to provide a very strong buffer against these market conditions.  Now I'd like to cover some of the key highlights in developments at the halfway mark of the year before I talk about the SemiTest demand environment any further, the second quarter results and guidance for the second quarter of 2011. The key highlight of the second quarter was that we exceeded our sales and earnings guidance with a top line of $411 million and non-GAAP EPS of $0.50. The higher top line was primarily due to more Hard Disk Drive test acceptances than projected. This added volume, along with stronger performance, in SemiTest drove the better-than-forecasted EPS.  As you can see from our earnings release, we achieved an operating profit rate of 27% in the second quarter. This marks the sixth quarter in a row of operating above our 15% model profit rate. I'm also pleased to highlight that our performance over the last 6 quarters matches up quite well against the leading semiconductor equipment suppliers. We've averaged a 27% operating profit rate over the last 6 quarters, along with free cash flow of 24% of sales. We've accomplished all of this by optimizing the company's model, keeping fixed costs in check, as well as steadily gaining market share.  Shifting now to market share gains. The standout share gain story this year is Hard Disk Drive. We expect to have nearly half of the Hard Disk Drive test market this year, which should translate to sales somewhere over $120 million for the year, exceeding the top end of our earlier estimate.  As to SOC test share, you'll recall that we gained about 9 points last year, which was from a combination of socket wins and temporary segment shifts. This year, we expect continued SOC socket wins at a pace consistent with the past but will likely be on the other side of the segment shifts, as strong PC test buying may temporarily depress our share.  I'd like to add a quick thought about our longer-term growth prospects. With the industry consolidation phase now behind us, I personally believe the back end will begin to look more like the front end in the future, that is over time, one clear winner, who has both superior financial performance and leading market share. While we have accomplished the financial performance part of this today, by virtue of the recent combination of Advantest and Verigy, we're no longer the total ATE market share leader. So we see plenty of growth opportunities ahead of us in our core SemiTest markets. These opportunities are in addition to benefiting from a strong share we maintain in mobility applications, automotive and consumer digital, which should grow at a healthy rate.  The other quick highlight of the quarter is cash and marketable securities. We accrued these balances by $91 million this quarter to a total of $1.2 billion. Our cash plans are unchanged from what we've outlined in the past, and we have an approved buyback of $200 million that have yet to buy back again. As a quick reminder, since the beginning of 2006, we've bought back $503 million worth of stock, at an average price of $13.80, and we acquired Nextest and Eagle for a total of $540 million in net cash. We'll continually look at what is the best use of our cash for shareholders against the current alternatives and our cost of capital of 15%. Moving to the demand side, SemiTest bookings declined 28% to $257 million. SOC test orders were $227 million and Memory Test orders were $30 million in the second quarter. Under the SOC covers, the bright spot was image sensor, with a strong sequential bookings increase tied to a share gain. On the other side of the SOC ledger, the segment with the sharpest drop off was automotive, after very strong ordering in the first quarter. Systems Test group came in at $76 million, with continued strength in HDD orders tied to share gains.  In the second quarter, Semiconductor Test sales were 84% of the total and that Systems Test group was 16%. Our book-to-bill ratio for the second quarter was 0.81 for the overall company, 0.75 for Semiconductor Test and 1.12 for the Systems Test group. At the end of the quarter, our backlog stood at $467 million, of which 83% is scheduled to ship and be recognized as revenue within the next 6 months. The top line of $411 million was up $33 million or 9% sequentially from the first quarter. SemiTest was $343 million, up $24 million or 7% and Systems Test group was $68 million, up $9 million or 16%.    SemiTest product shipments increased 7% from a quarter ago. Within the $411 million, service revenue was $69 million and up $8 million from Q1. System Test -- excuse me, SemiTest service revenue was $55 million. Total company product turns business was 29% versus 32% a quarter ago. SemiTest products turns business was 32% versus 35% a quarter ago. Memory revenue was $39 million in the quarter.  Moving down to P&L. Gross margins increased from 51% in the first quarter to 52% in the second quarter due to higher volume. R&D expenses were $47 million or 12% of sales compared to $48 million or 13% of sales in the first quarter. SG&A expenses were $57 million or 14% of sales compared to $58 million or 15% of sales in the first quarter. Operating expenses of $105 million were down $1 million from the first quarter, driven by lower-than-anticipated R&D spending. Our net non-GAAP interest and other expense was $1 million. We recorded a tax provision of $8 million, at a tax rate of approximately 8%. We have a U.S. NOLs and credits that total about $275 million on a pretax basis, which will continue to benefit us well into 2013, as about 40% of our consolidated income ends up in the U.S. Cash from operations totaled $80 million after capital additions. Depreciation and amortization for the second quarter was $33 million. This includes $7 million of stock-based compensation, $7 million for acquired intangible asset amortization and $3 million for amortization of the GAAP computed debt discount.  As noted in the press release, sales for the third quarter are expected to be between $320 million and $340 million, and the non-GAAP EPS range is $0.22 to $0.26 on 207 million diluted shares. I should add that the guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles and the noncash computed interest on the convertible debt. Our GAAP EPS range is $0.15 to $0.18. The operating profit rate at the midpoint of our third guidance quarter is 16%. Now moving to the P&L percentages in the third quarter. We expect gross margin to be about 47%. R&D should be 15%, and SG&A should be between 16% and 17%. Non-GAAP net interest expense is expected to be about $1.6 million and the tax provision should be about 8%.  In summary, we have a very resilient model. It’s got a very strong balance sheet. And we've got plenty of areas to further exploit for growth. Now I'll turn the call back over to Andy.
Andrew Blanchard: Thanks, Greg. Kimberly, we'd now like to take some questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Stephen Chin of UBS.
Mahavir Sanghavi - UBS Investment Bank: This is Mahavir, standing in for Stephen Chin. Just one question on -- you mentioned about the downgrade of $2 billion exiting in 2011. So is it right to assume that sales would be down Q-over-Q in the fourth quarter?
Michael Bradley: Stephen (sic) [Mahavir], you're right. I was trying to give a scenario that said if the market took a couple of quarter downturn and leveled out at that level, then obviously, if our share was exactly the same as the prior quarters, everything would go down. We'd go down.
Mahavir Sanghavi - UBS Investment Bank: Got it. That's helpful. Second question, just wanted to get an idea about utilization rates, because it seems that they've been very cautious because in their order patterns in the recent few quarters. So any color on that?
Michael Bradley: Yes. The utilization rates, our numbers would show that the breakout between IDMs and OSATs would have the utilization on the OSATs breaking away here in the last couple of quarters, where the OSATs would be in the mid to high 70s, while the ODM -- while the IDMs would be still in the 80s.
Mahavir Sanghavi - UBS Investment Bank: Got it. I mean, do you think then they would come back in -- likely, in the first half of '12 now, or do you think maybe fourth quarter?
Michael Bradley: Well, I think, if everything is linked together, I think that the CapEx starts to move back if it got down to this $2 billion rate and started to move back up then the OSATs tend to swing harder in their CapEx, and therefore, the utilization would start to get loaded, and they'd move back up. So I think everything is kind of synchronized to this buying cycle.
Mahavir Sanghavi - UBS Investment Bank: One last question. Could you give some more color on what your market share is in the mobility test market? If you could maybe separate that? And also, what percentage of sales for Teradyne are from the mobility market?
Michael Bradley: No. This question's been asked in the past. We don't -- no one tracks the subsegments of test, with the resolution that would allow us to do it, so I'd have to speak in kind of relative terms. Our strongest segments would be in mobility, power management, microcontrollers. Our weakest segments would be in the processor -- PC processor. When I say mobility, mobile processors, obviously, are included in that. So with the 45% overall market share, you'd put us north of 50% in those, certainly significantly -- I mean, our market share in the PC processor space is very, very low.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of a Jim Covello of Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: What do you think is a reasonable assumption for sort of a normalized breakdown between Systems Test and SemiTest, as a couple years out, as you continue to see share gains in Hard Disk Drive, but also likely gains in other segments of SemiTest?
Gregory Beecher: Jim, this is Greg. I think over time, the Hard Disk Drive will continue to grow, but we expect SemiTest to continue to grow as well. So I think, what we're really saying now is a very fast growth in Hard Disk Drive from a few years ago, where it's going to be north of 120% this year. But I think from this point forward, I think the percentages you get would be similar down the road, because we have attractive growth plans in SemiTest. And Hard Disk Drive is probably where most of our growth will be in the Systems Test group. I don't think it will be nearly as much in the other 2 groups.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So likely staying somewhere between that 80-20 and 75-25 breakdown?
Gregory Beecher: Yes.
Wenge Yang - Citigroup Inc: And then within Memory Test, what kinds of things have to happen whether it be in the market or with your products or with competitors, in order for you to gain additional share on top of what you already have in the Memory Test segment?
Michael Bradley: Two things. The first one is that the buying in FLASH has got to keep leaning more towards the higher speed FLASH -- DDR FLASH applications. That's where we're positioned. That's what our strategy is to intersect that. And secondly, for the DRAM buying to get some life to it, those 2 things have to happen. Obviously, we've got to win sockets in new customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Satya Kumar of Crédit Suisse.
Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG: Two questions. What do you think is the run rate for SOC CapEx in Q3?
Michael Bradley: The run rate for CapEx...
Gregory Beecher: Do you mean bookings or...
Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG: No, the run rate for CapEx.
Michael Bradley: Yes. I think that market will absorb -- we think it's in the mid-5s. Somewhere between 500 and 550. That's all in, that's service and product, everything.
Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG: Okay. So essentially from -- the $2 billion run rate in Q4 is sort of modestly down maybe 5% to 10% lower than Q3?
Michael Bradley: Yes, that's what I was trying to do. You're exactly right. That's how I was thinking about it, just a little bit down. Obviously, it could go further, but I was trying to do some round numbers that would show you what the total market in 2011 would be and then what the run rate would be so.
Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG: Okay. Switching to PC segment, in light of the consolidation between Advantest and Verigy, it looks like they're going to come up with a new strategy, 90 days post the close of acquisition on what they want to do with the product roadmap. And it does look like ultimately, they probably will not go to customers with -- to the same customer with 2 different products. Now does that open up an opportunity for you to become a viable second source in some of the PC markets? And are you seeing any sort of traction or discussions that are perhaps in early stages right now moving in that direction?
Michael Bradley: Satya, I think the broad issue in the competitive landscape with this consolidation move is whether the roadmaps will, in fact, change. And I think there's a fork in the road. One branch is that the products will, in fact, get rationalized and customers will, in some sense, be forced to switch or open up evaluations. The other is that it's steady as she goes and the existing products, all will have roadmaps that extend out in time. So far, it's the latter. Obviously, if it becomes the former and I think, in some sense, for shareholders that has to become the former then opportunities would exist. I wouldn't just say it would be a PC opportunity, I think, across the board, there could be some opportunities that open up, because of the disruptions to that -- to the roadmaps.
Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG: And then lastly on the balance sheet, obviously, it's overcapitalized at this point. And in the past, you've talked about M&As versus buybacks. And you're talking about a 15% cost of capital. And if I assume that the SOC run rate goes to this $2 billion level, we're still looking at fairly good profitability for you even on the trough run rate basis. Related to your cost of capital function and the balance sheet, I'm just sort of struggling to see why you would not be a lot more aggressive on the buyback at current levels. I just want to hear your thoughts relative to that cost of capital versus where the stock is now versus the anomalous CapEx.
Gregory Beecher: Yes. The first thing I'd say is it's probably not a good idea for us to say in any short-term environment what we intend to do over the next 90 days, whether it's buyback or acquisitions. So having said that, we're doing what we've always said we would do. We're going to buy back stock opportunistically, and if we can find acquisitions that are a good fit, and we could grow them faster, then Teradyne would do that. And we've been patient all along, so we're expecting what we said we'd do, and we'll report back to you next quarter, what activity might or might not take place in this next quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch: Mike, if I look at your gross margin guidance, obviously, it's down, because of the mix of the HDD. Is it all due to SOC slowing down and HDD coming up? Or is there any -- in some of the analog power management team you've had for the last several quarters, is it actually slowing down now?
Gregory Beecher: This is Greg. The vast majority -- overwhelming majority is the mix. In our guidance, the SemiTest business, if I go from Q2 to Q3, it's down $110 million, SemiTest. Hard Disk Drive is up $30 million. So that swing -- and Hard Disk Drive had some reasonable volume in the second quarter. So there's a very high mix of Hard Disk Drive in the third quarter guidance, higher than, I think, we have had for quite some time. So that's 95% of what's going on in the gross margin.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch: Got it. And then in the last 6 to 9 months, has there been any products where you've seen pricing actually increase?
Michael Bradley: Exclusive of mix, no. In other words, if we had price increases, the answer is no.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then the final question, Mike. If you look at it longer term from like the newer technologies like [indiscernible]. How does it impact Teradyne when the industry moves [indiscernible]. I'm guessing, it's more in the wafer level test side. Please, can you help us give some thoughts around that? That would be helpful.
Michael Bradley: Yes. More moves -- performance at wafer level is what occurs, and that's not a new phenomenon. Obviously, the other thing is that you have system level test, very complex requirements with this new integrated devices, but it's one more generation of that. We're seeing in the tablet and mobility devices, increase in RF ports, multiple cores, just a whole series of things that affect both test development and production test. And this new introduction of UltraFLEX generation of equipment was targeting that, so we've already launched that set of capability into the market. And it's had very good acceptance already.
Operator: Y  Our next question comes from the line of Wenge Yang of Citi.
Wenge Yang - Citigroup Inc: Last night, the [indiscernible] mentioned that the inventory correction should be largely over by the end of Q3, and they are actually seeing utilization rate to start to bounce back in Q4. If that's the case, what do you think about the SOC buy rate in Q4? Is it still tracking to the turbulent level, or you think it can move up?
Michael Bradley: Well, I think -- to be honest with you, we don't lose a lot of sleep trying to call it, quite that precisely, but I will say that the characteristics in our market, in a very short lead-time environment, which is what the industry is capable of now, is that in the downturn, things tend to shut off quite hard. We saw that in the third quarter last year. We see that in this quarter, and it’s across the board, OSAT and IDM. So you just have absolutely a shift into engineering buying or new product ramp buying. And we don't have cancellations to speak of. We have some shuffling in the slot blend, but not a lot of pushing out, and so as a result, things turn on and off very quickly. We're in a phase where things have turned off. And I think everyone kind of squeezes down so far that the next move is that they say, well, we actually need some more. We don't know whether that will stay down, as I said, and have a lower Q4, or whether that can come back. Either scenario, I think, is possible. But in truth, we don't worry about it too much, because the supply line flexibility is very, very nimble for us.
Gregory Beecher: This is Greg. One thing that I'm sure you guys track is the inventory levels. So if that does lead down at a rapid pace that's obviously good, everything else being equal. So that's something worth keeping your eye on. It's not something that we focus on, given how we can respond very quickly to customers, but given the roles you guys have, that might be a good thing to keep an eye on.
Wenge Yang - Citigroup Inc: That's helpful. So I think, even with all the odd venues -- and I see unit growth is doing a mid-single digit. And if we assume 5% to 6% unit growth annually, what do you think is the required buy rate for SOC to support that kind of unit growth?
Michael Bradley: If I would have put a range around it, I'd put 1.3% to 1.5%. This year, if we take the numbers that I gave you earlier, if it downslope all the way through Q4, that ends up at an annual 1.1% for SOC. So the whole year would actually be a comparatively low year. But if you're modeling it, I think over time, a longer period of time, 1.3% to 1.5% would be a reasonable band.
Wenge Yang - Citigroup Inc: That's very helpful. Last question, in terms of HDD, you mentioned about a full year revenue is tracking to the high end at $120 million. How much revenue have you shipped in the first half? And what's the number likely to be in Q3?
Michael Bradley: We shipped less than the $120 million, but what I'll say is this, because we don't break out HDD in total as a segment. By the time we get through third quarter, we expect to be at/or maybe slightly above our high-end target for the year. So whatever we get in the fourth quarter would push us above that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini of Susquehanna International.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: A couple of things. Mike, could you elaborate on the number of customers you have in HDD? And what is the driver for such a sizable growth, when the end market appears to be soft? And on the DRAM side, could you also elaborate on the number of customers, and where do you see that number tracking into next year? And I have a follow-up.
Michael Bradley: Okay. That's a lot. Let's see, I'm going to be intentionally vague on exact number of customers, but we turned the corner within the last 12 months into multiple customers in HDD. And that was multiplied by the applications that we were targeting, the Neptune product app. So we were extending beyond the mobile market into the enterprise market into functional test. So we really expanded on 2 axis in Hard Disk Drive. Now as a result of that -- and you know we're on 2.5-inch disk drives. As a result, we really have kept very good momentum this year, as you can see with the revenues in the market, that in total is somewhere between the $250 million and $300 million a year as a run rate. So we've really been able to take a position now much broader than we've had in the past. So the growth is really in 2 axes. It's a multiple customers. It is the much wider variety of applications that the product now addresses. And in DRAM, we don't really get into many. I'm sorry, but delineation of the number of customers, I will say, that we've got products now over the last year, where we've got both DRAM wafer sort and final test and products and FLASH for wafer sort and final test, and we have customers in all of those segments. Obviously, our market share objective requires that we expand share inside our existing customers, but it's going to require that we get new customers going forward. I can't tell you that we will announce customers as they come in, but obviously, if we hit our market share goals, it means that we're getting new customers.
Gregory Beecher: And maybe one other quick thing on the Hard Disk Drive, we're strong on 2.5-inch Hard Disk Drive, and there is -- there are more drives that are 3.5 that are being replaced by 2.5-inch Hard Disk Drives. So that's another thing that's favoring, where we're strong. The 2.5-inch Hard Drives have lower power and has good performance, so that's something else that's increasing our share of the market.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Great. And actually, Greg, I have 2 follow-up questions for you. A, what is the mix of product and services for SemiTest, and number two, last conference call you talked about looking into a couple of acquisition opportunities, and you walked away the last minute with -- valuation appears to be -- come down in the capital markets -- public market, are those acquisitions now looking better compared to 3 months ago?
Gregory Beecher: Let me give you the semi -- this is Q2 semi-revenue. All right. The product revenue is $288 million, the service revenue was $55 million. Okay? On the valuation, I want to leave it at the level I left it earlier, that it's not constructive, I think, for investors or anybody to get any level of detail beyond what we have said earlier that we're going to look at all the alternatives, be very mindful of our cost of capital, be very mindful of where the stock's trading, be very mindful of what opportunities are attractive in front of us. So it all goes into our thinking. And we'll report back each quarter, what decisions we make.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Which got a higher priority, buyback or acquisition?
Gregory Beecher: It depends upon the cost of capital return. It all depends. It depends if our stock goes lower, obviously, the buyback starts moving up. If -- and that depends what is the acquisition you're looking at. So there is no one answer. It all depends upon the exact circumstances at the time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of the C.J. Muse of Barclays Capital.
Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital: I guess, first question, when you think about this pause in overall SOC test and talking about around $2.3 billion for the year and how there's a heavier mix for PCs, should we be thinking about a lower market share for you guys, below the 46% level closer to the 44% 45%?
Michael Bradley: Yes, C.J. I think there's a band, obviously. I think that's fair. If you remember last year, when we hit 49%, we wanted to make sure all of our investors knew that we didn't think we gained 8 points of market share in one year. We thought -- and quite correctly, we explained that we were favored in share, in part, because of design ins, which were real and long term, and in part, because the segments that we were the strongest in we're moving up relatively more than other segments. So if you take the overall share, where our expectation is that 44%, 45% range would be, that would be a reasonable place to be.
Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital: Okay, that's helpful. And then on the HDD side, just to clarify, did you say you expect to revenue $120 million within the first 3 quarters of this year, or is that just shipments?
Gregory Beecher: Revenue in the first 3 quarters of this year.
Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then on Memory side, you talked about sustaining kind of 15% to 20% market share, but that things could be pausing here. Do we still look at an $800 million to $1 billion kind of market size, or should we trim that?
Michael Bradley: Our guesstimate at this point -- we'll trim that. We think $700 million to $800 million
Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then last question for me. On the service side, you had a nice uptick on the SemiTest service. I think it was up about $6 million Q-on-Q. Is that sustainable into the second half of the year, or are there onetime items in there?
Gregory Beecher: We think all is sustainable except for $1 million, which is tied to the Japan earthquake. Apart from that it should be sustainable.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Ho of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Patrick Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Looking -- I understand the short lead times in the industry that you guys experience now, but how quickly do you think you can respond, given the fluid environment that's out there right now? I did notice that inventory did go up a little bit, but you've been maintaining a pretty good days inventory and inventory turns. How quickly can you respond, if you get late quarter orders?
Michael Bradley: We can respond very quickly, Patrick. I don't think we're -- we don't have constraints of any magnitude about being able to add slots and move the supply line up. Now the corner case is that you get some very, very specialized configurations that are heavy on a particular instrument. But even at that level, which we try to make sure that the pipeline is able to respond. And I think that the '10 quarterly ramp history gives you some sense of how much we can move in any quarter, both up and down.
Patrick Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. That's helpful, Mike. I know you don't want to quantify, but in terms of market share gains, which segments you've been gaining share in the SOC market, you did mention that you're strong in microcontrollers and power management. Qualitatively, where are you guys winning the most new sockets and which market segments?
Michael Bradley: It's across the board. I think, the -- if you took the last couple of years and said what's been the biggest thing that shifted, I think, actually it's been combining our distribution organization with the Eagle product line. If you put the first bar on the Pareto though, that's -- that would be the first bar. And it's the ability to drive their product family into regions that they had not been before, number one. Number two, is the extension of their product down into the ETS-88 level, gets us access to much smaller customers, many of them Asia-based, new fabless companies or even companies at the IDM level, who are attracted by this double play that the product offers in terms of the variety of devices it can test and very, very effective parallel test. So that would be the first one. And that's going into a market where some of the products that have existed in the past are long in the tooth. The other segments have been -- as we, over the last couple of years, introduced new next-generation capability at the very high end on the UltraFLEX, we've been able -- there've been very big battles here, and we've been able to share of those. I'd say those would be the 2 top ones.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is a follow-up from Krish Sankar of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch: Greg or Mike, if I assume your HDD market share remains static, is it fair to assume Q4 is seasonably slow for the business?
Gregory Beecher: Our HDD market share, I'd say, if it stays static, which it is very healthy now. We have trouble trying to size the fourth quarter in HDD. So at the moment, looks like there could be some shipments there, but I would not be surprised if they pause and schedule those out. So we really don't have a good fix on the fourth quarter, what they might take. But seasonally, would it surprise me, if they took it in the fourth quarter? Not really, but if they're taking the late fourth quarter, that would surprise me. I think, it would have to be early in the fourth quarter for them to get productive use out of it.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch: Got you. And then, do you guys give a mix of IDMs versus OSATs in the Q2, or what do you think it will be in Q3?
Michael Bradley: Yes. The mix between what we call specifiers, so it's IDMs and then the fabless companies who buy from themselves, in Q2, on a bookings basis, that was 73% of the total and 27% for the OSATs. And just for reference, that was 76-24 last quarter. So actually the OSATs held up a little bit more. And the reason for that is OSAT, as you know, don't just -- they're not just the surplus capacity industry, a lot of the fabless companies use them. So new fabless products -- driven products held up, actually, relatively better than the IDM space did this quarter. But that's the breakdown.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gus Richard of Piper.
Auguste Richard - Piper Jaffray Companies: First one, on the Hard Disk Drive business, long ago that had very low margins, you guys have been doing cost downs? Can you talk about how the product margins improved? And are there more margin improvements going forward? And how would those play out?
Gregory Beecher: This is Greg. The biggest challenge for us after the first product which was designed to meet a deadline, to get the customer to accept it was that we designed it in the U.S. Since then, we've made the changes necessary to get to a very competitive cost structure. We're always still looking at some opportunities that might be small, but we're still looking at them. When you look at this year, 2011, we expect after 3 years of being below model to be at our model profit rate or a little bit better. So we actually like the position we're in right now -- the product position. But there's always still some fine tuning we need to do. The gross margins, as I think you know, are low 30%. Now if we ship a lot in one quarter, that, obviously, pulls it up to some higher number. But on average, it's about low 32%. But the SG&A and R&D are very low. So we get to 15%, and sometimes, more than 15% depending upon the volume.
Michael Bradley: We do have substantial volume to hit model profitability, that's the other piece of this equation.
Auguste Richard - Piper Jaffray Companies: Right. And then just with the mergers, Verigy and Advantest have occurred, how is the competitive dynamics of the marketplace changed? What are you kind of seeing? And what are your customers telling you?
Michael Bradley: Two things. One is, obviously, customers are voicing concern about uncertainty, and that relates to whether things will change. And their biggest concern would be, will the product development plans for the products that they're buying change. So that would be the number one thing. Number two, is I want to make sure -- these are both very capable competitors, and anytime there's a consolidation, as we had with our businesses, with Nextest and with Eagle, obviously, the first thing you do is you want to assure your customers that they're going to get continued support. So that, I call that as business as usual. The competitive landscape there is competition is making sure that they're stabilizing their customer base. But this issue about long-term uncertainty would be the main one. That's why over the last couple of quarters, we've reemphasized that when a consolidation takes place, customers don't run for the exits. They don't make changes immediately. That happens over time, and I wouldn't attribute any of the changes in market share that have occurred over the last year or any of the design ins, specifically to the effect of that consolidation. That will fold itself out or roll out over a longer period of time.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Atif Malik of Morgan Stanley.
Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley: I just want you to reconcile, Advantest reported pretty strong orders for the second quarter especially from Taiwan, and I believe those are for memory, with orders kind of flattening off in third quarter. So your comment that Memory Test market could be lower than $800 million estimate, I just want to reconcile, what are they seeing in the market that you guys aren't?
Michael Bradley: Atif, I think that their projections and the tone of their projections actually mirror ours, which is that while there was -- our business in memory was steady, theirs was strong, that the outlook going forward this year has a lot of uncertainty to it. So I think the tone of both are quite similar.
Andrew Blanchard: Great. Thanks everybody. This concludes today's call, and we look forward to talking to you through the quarter.
Michael Bradley: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Gregory Beecher - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting officer, Vice President and Treasurer Michael Bradley - Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive Director Andrew Blanchard - Vice President of Corporate Relations
Analysts: Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital Patrick Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch David Duley - Merriman Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup Inc Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG Mahavir Sanghavi - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: Good morning, my name is Christy, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q1 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the podium over to Mr. Andrew Blanchard. Please go ahead.
Andrew Blanchard: Thank you, Christy. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our Chief Executive Officer, Mike Bradley; and our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher.  Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for the first quarter of 2011 as well as our outlook for the second quarter.  First, I'd like to address several administrative issues. The press release containing our most recent financial results was sent out via Business Wire last evening. Copies are available on our website or by calling Teradyne's corporate relations office at (978) 370-2221. This call is being simultaneously webcast at teradyne.com.  Note that during this call, we are providing slides on the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion. To view them, simply access the Investor page of the site and click on the Live Webcast icon. In addition, replays of this call will be available via the same page about 24 hours after the call ends. The replays will be available, along with the slides, through May 14.  The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risks factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release as well as our most recent SEC filings for a complete description. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call.  During today's call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We have posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure where available on our website. To view them, go to the Investor page and click on the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations link.  Also you may want to note that between now and our next conference call, Teradyne will be participating in the Credit Suisse First Boston Semicap Equipment Conference in Boston on May 11; the Bank of America Merrill Lynch Technology Conference on June 1; and the Cowen and Company TMT Conference on June 2, both in New York.  Also please note that we've removed Diagnostic Solutions from the various lines in our P&L as this business unit was sold to SBX for $41 million in the first quarter. Consequently, we've reported its revenue and expenses, all net, in one line as a discontinued operation, and our comments and comparisons hereafter will exclude its results. Now let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, our CEO, Mike Bradley, will review the state of the company in the industry in the first quarter and will review our outlook for the second quarter. Then, our CFO, Greg Beecher, will provide more detail on our quarterly performance, along with our guidance for the second quarter. We will then answer your questions. For scheduling purposes, you should note that we intend to end this call after one hour. Mike?
Michael Bradley: Thanks, Andy. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. When we were together last quarter, we had wrapped up a very good year, and we're seeing strengthening demand in our SemiTest bookings after a one-quarter correction. That momentum has continued as we posted a $100 million increase in bookings in this first quarter with roughly $75 million from SemiTest and about $25 million from our System Test group. I'll get into some details behind those increases in a minute.  But the summary is that despite some macroeconomic headwinds and despite the tragedy and disruption in Japan, our customers are adding capacity across virtually all of our product lines. Now most of what we'll talk about today will sound familiar to you, reflecting the steady course of our strategy these last couple of years. That includes the focus on testing the silicon in high-growth consumer products, a steady hand on fixed costs and an emphasis on new products and new markets like Hard Disk Drive test.  I should also note upfront that despite the terrible human toll in Japan, our operations there were not severely impacted. So the 200 or so people we have there have been fully engaged with our customers through this very difficult period. Of the 109 customer test facilities that we serve in Japan with about 1,700 testers installed, essentially all have returned to full operating status. Now obviously, we don't know whether any secondary effects will impact our customers in Japan or others outside the region, but we're not altering our shipment plans in anticipation of any additional interruptions.  Greg will talk about what we've also done on the supply line side of the house to ensure that our own material flow and manufacturing schedule remains intact.  Now getting back to the first quarter numbers and our guidance for the second quarter. We had solid uptick in orders in the SOC Test, led principally by our IDM customers. Mobile processors, power management and Automotive were the strongest segments of demand. As a result, our FLEX, Magnum and Eagle SOC products led the way while J750 products posted unit bookings just off their fourth quarter levels. In particular, the FLEX family had its fifth best quarter ever with 3 of the highest demand quarters being posted since the beginning of 2010.  So we continue to see 3 things in customer-buying patterns. First, the UltraFLEX is being adopted for next-generation mobile computing products due to its instrument performance and density. Second, the Eagle family is reaching into a wider range of emerging Asian Fabless companies. And third, the J750 often remains the market's choice in digital wafer probe and Microcontroller Test applications. In each of these products, our customers can look out over a 2- or 3-year horizon and see how our instrumentation roadmaps aligned to their product lines. This is obviously important for IDM and Fabless specifiers, but even more critical in OSAT environments where product life expectancy is so crucial.  In Memory Test, our bookings were the second highest since combining with Nextest and were driven principally by FLASH Memory capacity adds. We're not seeing much in the DRAM side right now, so the booking strength is really coming from the lower-speed test applications. And in Systems Test, we've turned the corner with an expanded Hard Disk Drive customer base now placing production buys for 2.5-inch drives. You'll recall that our Neptune product is a massively parallel system targeting mobile and enterprise drives that will ride both PC and cloud computing growth trends. Now all of this brings me to our guidance for the second quarter. Our revenue guidance will be up about $25 million in the second quarter to a $375 million to $400 million range. That's in line with our average bookings these past 2 quarters and with an adjustment for our sale of the automotive diagnostic units, and it also reflects that revenue recognition for new HDD customer installations will show up more heavily in the second half of the year. Greg can break the numbers down between SemiTest and Systems Test for you in his comments.  The bottom line on Q2, though, is a sequential step-up in revenues and profitability and our sixth straight quarter operating above our model. And of course, our balance sheet remains strong and flexible. As always, our demand visibility is connected to our customers' forecast, which as you know, look out weeks, but not months. So we can't really say much with certainty about new demand late this quarter or into Q3. What I can tell you though is that the first quarter has been healthy, but well below the peak quarters of 2010. We started the year in SOC test without any big upsurge in OSAT buying and while there's great uncertainty about worldwide GDP growth, unemployment and political unrest, we see no wavering in customer new product launches. So whatever we see in demand this quarter or next, we feel very equipped to respond to as we have a lot of elasticity in the supply channels and our manufacturing capacity.  And finally, I'm sure there are continuing questions about the pending consolidation in the test market and the impact on us. So let me tell you this. First, obviously we're very pleased with the Nextest and Eagle moves we made in 2008, truly complementary products for us with solid financial performance. Second, the effects of consolidations in our industry play out gradually due to the execution time required to make platform transitions. And third but most importantly, our support strategies and our product roadmaps remain intact and are very visible to our customers and prospective customers. So we're ready to step forward at a minute's notice if customers need us in these uncertain times. Let me now turn it back over to Greg.
Gregory Beecher: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to first make a few comments about our financial model, and then I'll recap the first quarter results and provide guidance for the second quarter of 2011.  I'm pleased to report that in the first quarter of 2011, we achieved an operating profit rate of 23%, marking the fifth quarter in a row of operating above our model 15% profit rate. We've detailed in the past the many cost structure changes and new products that have contributed to our above-model financial performance. So I won't go into these details again. Instead, though, I'll summarize the 3 key drivers to give you some context before I get into further details.  First, we've optimized the company and all functions and maintained steady fixed cost discipline. Second, we're well positioned with leading accounts that are supplying fast-growing segments, such as mobile computing, automotive and digital consumer. And third, we've grown market share both with Eagle and Nextest products as well as with our FLEX, J750 and Neptune HDD test product lines. In HDD test, I'm pleased to report that we've received volume orders from multiple customers in the first quarter. This further increases our confidence of doubling our annual HDD revenue to between $80 million to $120 million. We'll update you more on our progress as the year unfolds.  I want to now update our model that has been in place since early 2009. We plan to increase our engineering spending by about $2 million to $3 million a quarter, starting in the second quarter of 2011 to fuel the next wave of growth. As a quick reference, we've averaged quarterly sales of $388 million over the last 5 quarters and an operating profit rate of 27%. So this is a very modest adjustment to our overall model, which you can find on our website. There's one other item I'd like to highlight that will likely affect us this year. We're looking at moving our pension accounting to mark-to-market accounting versus the past practice of smoothing losses and gains over a multiyear period. You may have read it by a few large companies that have recently done this, and there are many more looking at this now. As you might expect, it is generally preferable for investors that current-year pension losses and gains be recorded in the current year P&L versus smoothing them over many future periods as it provides a better picture of the current-year performance. If we make this change, there'd be a large onetime noncash accounting charge as early as next quarter, and we'll have a lower quarterly operating costs of about a $2 million thereafter. This, of course, would have no impact on cash and is not reflected in our updated model.  I should add that we fully funded our U.S. flows and pension plan through a $45 million contribution in 2010, and we also reallocated the assets much more heavily to fixed income. Hence, we do not expect to be making any significant further cash outlays to this U.S. pension plan.  Shifting now for a moment to the tragic Japan natural disasters. We've carefully looked and relooked for impacts from this crisis. From what we know now, we believe we've reacted where prudent, which was to place about $5 million of buffer inventory for certain components that are sourced in Japan. We also offer additional support to our Japanese customers. So far, we haven't seen any other action that may be needed on our part. We'll continue to monitor the situation very carefully as we learn more.  Moving now to the first quarter. We had sales of $377 million and non-GAAP EPS of $0.39. Our operating profit rate was 23%. Again the first quarter marks the fifth quarter in a row where we've operated above our 15% model profit rate.  Moving now to the demand side. SemiTest bookings increased 26% to $316 million with strengthening in mobile processing, power management and automotive devices. Memory Test orders were $31 million in the first quarter. On the other side of the bookings ledger, Systems Test group came in at $75 million, driven by volume HDD orders.  Moving to cash. We ended the quarter with $1.1 billion in gross cash and $900 million in net cash after deducting the base amount of the convert in our Japanese debt. So far, we have not bought back any stock on our $200 million buyback program.  Let me remind you how we're thinking about cash. We believe there will be attractive M&A opportunities where we can exploit customer or technology leverage to accelerate the growth and profitability of the acquired business. Said more simply, the acquisition candidates will be better optimized in our hands. We'll retain our strict criteria and discipline of evaluation, fit and the need to at least earn our cost of capital of 15%. As to the approved buybacks, we'll continue to be opportunistic.  Now back to the first quarter results. The top line of $377 million was up $67 million or 22% sequentially from the fourth quarter. SemiTest was $319 million, up $57 million or 22% and Systems Test group was $58 million, up $10 million. SemiTest product shipments increased 27% from a quarter ago. Within the $377 million, service revenue was $61 million and flat with the fourth quarter. SemiTest service revenue was $49 million. Total company product turns business was 32% versus 30% a quarter ago. SemiTest product turns business was 35% versus 33% a quarter ago. Memory revenue was $28 million in the quarter.  Moving down the P&L. Gross margins decreased from 52.7% in the fourth quarter to 51% in the first quarter, primarily due to product mix.  R&D expenses were $48 million or 13% of sales compared to $47 million or 15% of sales in the fourth quarter. SG&A expenses were $58 million or 15% of sales compared to $54 million or 17% of sales in the fourth quarter. Operating expenses of $106 million were up $6 million from the fourth quarter, primarily due to higher variable compensation, and the fourth quarter benefited from some true-ups at the end of the year with some credits.  Our net non-GAAP interest and other expense was $2 million. We recorded a tax provision of $5.5 million or a tax rate of approximately 8%. We have U.S. NOLs and credits that totaled about $315 million on a pretax basis, which will continue to benefit us well into 2012 as about 40% of our consolidated income is in the U.S. In the first quarter, Semiconductor Test sales were 85% of the total and Systems Test group was 15%. Our book-to-bill ratio for the first quarter was 1.15% for the overall company, 1.13% for Semiconductor Test and 1.30% for Systems Test group. At the end of the quarter, our backlog stood at $554 million, of which 85% is scheduled to ship and be recognized as revenue into the next 6 months.  Cash used for operations totaled $3 million after capital additions. Depreciation and amortization for the first quarter was $33 million, including $7 million of stock-based comp, $7 million for acquired intangible asset amortization and $3 million for amortization of the GAAP-imputed debt discount.  As noted in the press release, sales for the second quarter are expected to be between $375 million and $400 million, and the non-GAAP EPS range is $0.38 to $0.44 on 209 million diluted shares.  I should add that the guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles and the noncash imputed interest on the convertible debt.  Our GAAP EPS range is $0.28 to $0.34. The operating profit rate at the midpoint of our second quarter guidance is about 24%.  Now moving to the P&L percentages in the second quarter. We expect gross margins to be 51% to 52%. R&D should be about 13%, and SG&A should be about 15%. Non-GAAP net interest expense is expected to be about $2 million and the tax provision should be about 8%.  In summary, our operating model and products are well positioned for continued healthy financial performance and we are strategically investing where we see greater growth.  Now I'll turn the call back over to Andy.
Andrew Blanchard: Thanks, Greg. Christy we would now like to take some questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Satya Kumar with Credit Suisse
Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG: Just a bookkeeping question first. Was there any cancellation from the backlog in the quarter?
Michael Bradley: Satya, none to speak of. Very small. Nothing different from what we've had in the past.
Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG: Got it. In terms of the Mobile Processor segment, I was wondering if you're able to quantify how big that is for you now. The strength that you're seeing in the FLEX product line, I was wondering if you could comment if that's more unit driven or also you're seeing some improvement in the test times. And recently, there's been some concern with perhaps some weakness in the Mobile segment for some of the end customers. I was wondering how you see that particular segment tracking into the second quarter.
Michael Bradley: A lot of questions there. Let me see if I get some. Obviously, I think in the past, we've said that a chunk of our business does come from the smartphone space. If I took tablets and added that to smartphones, the tester configurations tend to be similar, so both of those are big drivers for us on a segment basis. That was the strongest segment for us in this past quarter, the Wireless Mobile Processor Baseband on segment. So your question was -- could you give me the test question again?
Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG: The question was, approximately, could you quantify how big that segment is for you now, the Wireless Baseband Processing segment? And is the improvement you're seeing more unit driven or output test time driven, and how do you feel your outlook into the second quarter?
Michael Bradley: I'm breaking it down. I'm pausing because there are many, many segments and a lot of our testers are kind of hybrid testers that will be brought to cross over different segments. If I look at the total market, we think that the Mobile baseband part of the market is probably about 20% of the total. And for us, if I look at it here, we've got a very good position in that market share. So we're well north of that. But as a percentage of our total this quarter, it was the number one segment for us. I can't give you the exact numbers. We don't group them exactly the way you're describing because of the hybrid nature of the configurations.
Satya Kumar - Crédit Suisse AG: I was asking the strength that you're seeing, is that units or test time driven as well? And what do you see into Q2?
Michael Bradley: I think it's more unit driven than it is test time driven, number one. Number two, in Q2, the short-term forecast we have would say that, that will be the strongest segment in the second quarter for us as well. It'll be close. In the past, we've always had 3 to 4 driver segments for us with the Wireless Mobile Processor segment, Power Management and then an Automotive segment and if I added Microcontrollers into that, those are tended to be the 4 driver segments for us. But the standout in maybe, let's say, 4 of the last 5 or 3 of the last 5 has certainly been in this Mobile Processor Tablet segment. So I think that'll be the case going forward into the next quarter, in short term.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with Citi.
Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup Inc: Most of the [indiscernible] companies had, in the last couple of days, talked about some pushouts mainly from Korea and Taiwan that have occurred anywhere from the past month to the last week or so. Have you seen, particularly with your OSAT customers, have you seen, say, in the last week or 2 any sort of weaker bookings profiles from them or any pushout from them or any signs that you could see pushouts?
Michael Bradley: Tim, nothing in the very short term. Obviously, we see all the same reports that you're talking about. The back end side of this is -- obviously, the bookings are up, so the demand is up. And I think you'd be looking for -- is there a flinch here in a quick pullback from the increase in demand. We haven't seen that. So there's nothing I'd say that is a signal of that. Now on the OSAT side, the OSAT this quarter, for us, remains pretty steady to what they were in the prior quarter. I think we said that -- I don't know if we reported, but the percentages this quarter were 75-25 meaning -- or 24 for the OSATs. In the prior quarter, they were 26. So roughly the same level. And on increased bookings, they were up a little bit. But then really not anywhere close to where they were in the last cycle. And I think how to read that is -- one reading is they're certainly not overdriving. Therefore, a pullback at this moment, by them, would be a pullback from a relatively base level of business, and we haven't seen that.
Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup Inc: Got it. Okay. And then question on cash. Obviously, you guys have been very, very straightforward about saying that you're going to keep cash on hand because there are several targets that you're sort of looking at and you're still not buying back stocks. So what's the sort of impediment right now to sort of getting these deals done. Is it a price issue? Is it a timing issue? Because I think the Street and many investors want to see something done with that cash.
Gregory Beecher: Yes. This is Greg. We look at a lot of opportunities, and we tend to narrow it down to one or 2. This is over perhaps a 12-month period and the one or 2 that we think would be a good fit and could do very well inside Teradyne already got stock based upon valuation. And generally we believe that those situations may come back alive as the other parties get more information as to what a reasonable valuation is. So it's a valuation not a hurdle that has been the thing that has not enabled us to bring a transaction to closure yet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch: I have a couple of questions. Can you tell your Q2 guidance directionally with your SOC, Memory HDD sales?
Gregory Beecher: Sure. This is Greg. We can do SOC and Memory and we put HDD in with our Systems Test business, so we can break it down that way, Krish.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Gregory Beecher: Okay. Let me just Semi Test first. Semi Test is certainly up from the first to the second quarter. They were up $30 million, in that neighborhood. And the Systems Test group is closer to being flat after a healthy first quarter.
Michael Bradley: We broke the bookings down.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch: All right. And then how big do you think is the SOC market this year? I mean I'm just trying to do a quick backup running in calculation and looking at your first half SOC run rate, it seems like it's 50% market share. SOC market hasn't slowed down in the second half of this year.
Michael Bradley: Yes. We've put on the website this run chart that shows you the monthly -- moving average of the monthly book-to-bill in each of the segments. I think it's in one of the early pages on it. But the projections for the market that we get from the outside are anywhere between $2.4 billion and $2.8 billion. So that would be kind of in the same ballpark that 2010 was. The size of the market in the first quarter is a little bit north of 600, we think. So at a run rate, it's at the low end of that $6.4 billion, maybe a little bit above -- actually, it's not $6.4, $2.4 billion mark. Now -- so the other thing is, you said the 50% market share, that's a little bit generous to us. Last year, I know numerically we came up to about 49%. I think we said on the last call, we certainly said to investor discussions over the last 6 months. And we think our running rate market share is in the mid-40s. It was below 40s in '09 and '10. We think that's ticked up to maybe in the mid-40%, 44% 45% level. Why is there a difference? Because we had very strong segment-buying patterns that favored us last year, but we're staying sustainably in the 45% level. So when we put all of that math together, we think the first quarter is running at slightly above the $2.4 billion rate, but not at the $2.8 billion rate. That would give you a buy rate, by the way, of anywhere between 1.2% to 1.4% compared to 1.4% in all of 2010.
Krish Sankar - BofA Merrill Lynch: That is very helpful. And then a final question. The 2 of your large [indiscernible] customers merging, can you just help us understand what it means to Teradyne, and what it means for opportunity down the road?
Michael Bradley: Yes, we don't think it has a big impact. Obviously, in the medium term, you'd say there could be an opportunity there for them to optimize the utilization of their installed base. So I think anyone supplying for them would have in the medium term some impact. We tend to have a footprint in many, many, many of the customers because of the market share position we have. So we don't think there's the likelihood of a big shift one way or the other, either towards or away from us. We think the equipment we have is a broad installed base in those customers. So I guess, the only significant thing would be naturally when companies combine, they really reassess their equipment so there could be a pause in the short term then a rationalization in the midterm, which is measured in quarters. And then they're back on the running rate that they've been in the past.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: First, another one on the buyback. Can you not do a buyback before you do the M&A deal? Is there some sort of legal issue there that if you're engaged in a certain level of M&A discussion, you can't be buying back your own stock? Or is it more just you want to see the size of the deal and what kind of cash you need before you'll put the $200 million to work?
Gregory Beecher: Jim, this is Greg. It's the latter. We'd only have a problem doing a buyback if we got far enough along with the party that the deal is deemed to be probable and that's generally when you have a signed agreement of some sort and you're deep into diligence.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And then -- so the no buyback this quarter on the authorization was simply a function then of?
Gregory Beecher: We want to be opportunistic and we think it's just not a good time for us to buy and we see some attractive opportunities, and I don't believe that they're fully brought to closure. I do think we're in this terrain, there's often discussions that we get close and they break down. Three months later, we get back together. We get closer. They break down. And it might be the third time we get back together, we can pull it off. So there's still lingering discussions going on behind the scenes. So I want to see how those opportunities run, pan out.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And then again just thinking about the order number versus the sales guidance. I understand that some of the orders were for longer dated Hard Disk Drives orders that will ship later in 2011, but if I just look at the SemiTest orders, they were up significantly. And again I understand you're averaging the SemiTest orders over the last 2-quarter period to get sort of a baseline of what you think the SemiTest sales are going to be. But is that how it works in actuality? I mean aren't the shipments -- haven't we really shipped most of the orders for SemiTest, the load orders that we saw a couple of quarters ago now? Or were some of those SemiTest orders taking longer to ship for some reason?
Gregory Beecher: Well, it's also a chunk of service that gets booked in, in fourth quarter, first quarter. And then service tends to get recognized over the fourth quarter period.
James Covello - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So is that sort of the driving force?
Gregory Beecher: I think it would be that one single thing that will help reconcile what you just highlighted.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Chin with UBS.
Mahavir Sanghavi - UBS Investment Bank: This is Mahavir Sanghavi for Stephen Chin. First question on OSAT. Greg, you mentioned that OSAT bookings and orders were in the same range as 1Q. I was wondering if you could give some color on utilization rates at your OSATs and also what do you think the OSAT CapEx will be? Will it be first half loaded or second half, given you're seeing not increased level of orders in the second quarter as you might have expected?
Michael Bradley: Stephen, the utilization rates, I don't have OSAT versus IDMs. In total, the utilization rates now are -- the industry tracks now around 90% level. I think the interesting thing on the utilization is that the bottom point that this cycle had was above 85%. And normally, that bottoming point is closer to 80%, sometimes below 80%. So utilization have trended up since the third and fourth quarter. They're now in the 90%-plus level for us. I believe that's true across the board. We don't see a big differential across OSATs versus IDMs. The CapEx for the OSATs -- revenue forecasts are going up for the OSATs, so one would expect that their utilization will go up and their CapEx will increase. But if anything, they're the shortest lead time customers we have. So it's pretty hard to predict what they will do. I will say to you that in the short term, meaning between Q1 and Q2, the very short-term visibility there doesn't say that we're going to see a big difference in the OSAT demand. You put all that together and say that if there's going to be a CapEx increase, then I guess you'd put it into the second half of the year. But so far through the first 6 months, we think they'll be pretty stable around the level that they were in the first quarter.
Mahavir Sanghavi - UBS Investment Bank: That's helpful. And second question is on Hard Disk Drives. Just wanted to get an idea about do you still think the Hard Disk Drive opportunity is as big as you originally expected given the recent 2 big acquisitions in this space?
Michael Bradley: Well, actually, the picture is brightening from our perspective. Why? Number one, the unit volumes on the 2.5-inch Hard Disk Drives have continued to increase and test times have continued to increase as densities increased on the drives. And so unit volumes of 2.5 inch last year exceeded the 3.5-inch volumes. Number two, growth will continue the forecast that we have and that we see from our customers say that those will continue as 3.5 inches now have turned over and start to decline. So the sweet spot has now moved into the 2.5-inch space. So that's a plus. Number two, the expansion of our position with multiple customers now is a plus. As you know in the last 2 years, we've been -- we've had a very narrow customer base. That has opened up now. Last year, we talked about some engineering system installations. We've now moved into production volume from multiple customers. Now the same kind of question, what will consolidation do there? In the short term with consolidation is not having an impact, but obviously as companies consolidate, they assess what their installed base is. But in the short term, that hasn't changed any of the trajectory of the adoption of the Neptune product for us. But obviously, it will have some effect as the customers who consolidate. They will come out of that with multiple customers, so that's a good picture for us. So we're actually -- we actually feel better and more optimistic about that space. Having said that, I guess I should reaffirm the guidance we gave in this business, we said we thought we would be between $80 million and $120 million this year. And I think we feel very good about that projection.
Mahavir Sanghavi - UBS Investment Bank: Just a follow-up. Can we assume that you have a higher share at 2.5 inch?
Michael Bradley: Our share in higher -- we only supply 2.5 inch. So relative to our total portfolio, it's all 2.5 inch. And we believe that we're gaining share in the 2.5 inch space because of the growth that -- if we hit this $80 million to $120 million plan, which we feel very good about at this point based on the backlog, we're quite sure that we'll gain share this year.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of CJ Muse with Barclays Capital.
Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital: I guess first question, on the HDD side, you alluded to in your prepared remarks, shipments in Q2 that wouldn't be recognized until Q3, Q4. Can you share what the amount of that is?
Gregory Beecher: Let me just step back. The HDD revenue in the first half of the year is in the mid-20s per quarter. In the third quarter, we'd expect it to be higher. I don't want to quantify that now because there's a bunch of details in terms of what gets accepted when. But it'll be higher than the run rate of about $25 million that we're seeing in the first and second quarter.
Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital: That's helpful. And I guess on the Memory front, I believe that you've been on record thinking about $150 million to $200 million range. I guess, has that changed and if you could kind of talk on both demand in the DRAM side, particularly given your strength you're seeing on the RAM side.
Michael Bradley: CJ, the market size this year, if you look at that run rate chart, it only shows 3 months of 2011. You get a little depressed because it's gone down and it's starting to pick itself up. But again it's a very, very low month level. The projections from the outside say that could be anywhere in total from $700 million to $900 million this year. Obviously, well south of the $1.5 billion to $1.8 billion that it was 4 years ago. And our objective this year is to get ourselves into a position where we've got -- shooting to get to about a 20% market share. That's an ambition that would take us up from about the 15% level that we are at right now. You do all the math, and that says we could be anywhere from let's say $100 million. If we hit that, that's $120 million to $180 million. So that would be a good accomplishment for us. Obviously, the disappointing thing here is that the size of the market isn't where it has been in the past and that really is the biggest headwind we're running into. Now you had a question between about NAND and DRAM. What's that?
Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital: Yes. I mean it sounds like NAND is working very well for you guys, and I know that's a plus given higher margins there. So curious if there is any color you can offer there. And then on the DRAM side, when you think high-speed Memory will come into vogue and you'll see a pick-up in that business?
Michael Bradley: Yes. The NAND side is really what's driving our business. We've got the Magnum product for FLASH and for low-speed wafer probe for DRAM. So over the last 6 months, we've had business in both of those sectors, but the current emphasis is on FLASH. And so virtually all the business in that space for us has been on that side. That's a plus from the standpoint of what our share is in that sector. On the DRAM side, I know I'm bit of a broken record is it's been very, very slow. The final test, high-speed testing capacity expansion has been pretty anemic. We're positioned to get some of that when it does turn on. At some point, I'm going to sound not very credible if I say it's coming. Our hope is that, that contributes some in the second half of the year. We think it will do some. I honestly can't say how much. But if you wrap it all together, it would be a piece of this 100, but I'd say if the market's $700 million to $900 million, the $140 million or 20% level.
Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital: That makes sense. Two last questions for me. I guess, the first one your service persistence test came in at about $12 million, about anywhere from $6 million to $8 million below what you did run rate wise in '10. How should we think about that in June and beyond?
Gregory Beecher: I want to make sure I have that again. Say that again, CJ?
Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital: I thought you said your overall service revenue was $61 million and that you did $49 million for SemiTest. So $12 million Systems Test versus $20 million in the prior quarter?
Michael Bradley: Okay. The $20 million had DS in it, the our Diagnostics solutions business. It's basically a service business. So we've stripped them out. But it's also -- there's not a smooth on the bookings side for service annual contracts. I think they're distributed more heavily in Q4, typically then in Q1. So I think that's the other part of the explanation.
Gregory Beecher: Are you talking about revenue or bookings?
Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital: No, sir. I'm talking about revenues. And the important question is on System Test service. How should we model that prospectively?
Gregory Beecher: Yes. Got it. It should be $12 million a quarter and in truth, about $10 million is taken out from what used to be there because we sold our Diagnosis Solutions business, which was largely a service-based business.
Christopher Muse - Barclays Capital: Okay. Great. And then final question, you talked about higher R&D and I guess the questions there is, is that over just a period of time? Or is that a permanent change to your business model?
Gregory Beecher: We are going to update our model once a year. I would assume that, that will be in our model for the full year 2011. At the end of 2011, we'll reevaluate our model to see what makes sense then. But we do see good opportunities of further growth, some in Hard Disk Drive, by the way. We've had good success there. And in some other areas that are very close to our core where, we can get very good leverage.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of David Duley with Steelhead.
David Duley - Merriman: Just a couple of clarification questions. Did you mention what your service bookings were? If you could break out SemiTest in both product and service, that would be great.
Gregory Beecher: Okay. So first quarter bookings and you want service, correct?
David Duley - Merriman: Yes.
Gregory Beecher: SemiTest was $71 million. Systems Test group was $8.3 million and again exclude the Automotive Diagnostics business, so it's much lower than it would be otherwise. In total, our bookings were $79.2 million.
David Duley - Merriman: And then just going forward, you mentioned an area of strength as the Mobile Processor area. Could you talk about -- in the past, you've had 4 drivers. Which ones would be the areas of strength besides the Mobile Processor going forward?
Michael Bradley: Well, I think as a pattern, we'll be pretty consistent with what it's been. It would be that first mobile processors, wireless. Power management has been and will be second strongest, typically second or third. Then it's bit of a horserace. Microcontrollers and other logic like wafer probe Logic where the 750 [J750] is strong tends to be in the next tier. And then it kind of flattens out into precision analog, linear image sensor, automotive. Those things are in that third tier. But the 3 top ones would be the mobile processors, the wireless applications, power management and Microcontroller.
David Duley - Merriman: Okay. And on the Hard Disk Drive area, you talked multiple customers. I guess I'm just trying to figure out does that mean you count one customer or 2 customers, or is there more than 2 customers at this point?
Michael Bradley: There's more than 2 customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini with Susquehanna.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: A couple of follow-up. Mike, your system -- I'm sorry, your SemiTest system booking was up 20% on sequential [indiscernible] to 289 off of rather low levels in the second half of last year. A peak of 411 Q2 of last year, so given the kind of correction that happened in the second half of last year, do you think that going forward you can take the 400-plus million to quarter's SemiTest booking?
Michael Bradley: Mehdi, we certainly could. I hope we will. I'm being a little bit flip with you. We based this -- quarterly trends are really a function of this overall CapEx rate. So I think the way I always start on this way is to say how are you sizing the company? And in our core business in SOC Test, if you remember, over the last couple of years, we were on the conservative side of sizing the market and sizing our R&D around the $2 billion rate. In '09 and '10, that was the average size of the market. In '10 and '11 it looks as if the average size of the market is closer to the $2.5 billion level. So really that's the place to start. It's true north that the market run rate going forward is going to be $2.2 billion, $2.3 billion, $2.4 billion, $2.5 billion or north of that. So the $400 million is a function of that size and then our market share. I think it's fair in your models to put us in market share around 45% and then you have to take whatever you think and whatever the market is telling us about the overall CapEx rate. And right now, I think this range of $2.4 billion to $2.8 billion is not a bad place to be positioning it. And therefore the math all falls out from that. If it slows down significantly, then you have to pick back up and the peaks, the $400 million peaks, come in those peak quarters when if you're getting back on the trend line of the overall market size. And the math isn't complicated, right. It's just a matter of drawing the curves as to where the peaks and valleys are, but really it's driven by what the total market is and what our share is.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Sure. And given those kind of assumptions for the SemiTest system, what about the services component? Should we also assume that, that's going to be about a $200 million business for you?
Gregory Beecher: The service business for SemiTest, that probably would be a little bit bigger. Our Services business in total is about $60 million. So for Semi, it's about $50 million, so I guess $200 million is probably about right. That's fair.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: And then moving on to the topic of the cash, which I think, given the cash from operation for the Q1, which is about 5% operating cash flow margin compared to last year that it came out about 30% for the year. I think the level of disappointment started down at 10% to 15%, some of the front-end equipment companies maybe out there buying back shares but you're approaching the cash situation differently. You want to go out there and secure future growth. So if you could provide more color as to how we should think about -- the way you think about acquisitions. Because there's a dilution factor coming in. It may be more prudent to go and use the cash for acquisition, but there could be some near-term impact to the bottom line. Are these concerns valid or help us better understand how we should think about it.
Gregory Beecher: Okay. I'll start where you started. The first quarter low cash generation is simply due to the nature of variable compensation and profit sharing and some of our foreign taxes all get paid in the first quarter. So first quarter is always our lowest cash generation period. So there's nothing to be read into that. That's just the way the first quarter has always worked. In terms of how we're thinking about cash, I think we've been quite consistent there are some good opportunities that we have identified. We simply can't get to the right valuation. Maybe we can in the next 3, 6 or 9 months and if we were able to do that, I'd think that would be a much better deal for our investors than buying shares back. We bought $0.5 billion of shares back several years ago, and I don't think that improved the company in a meaningful way. Obviously, if the stock for some unknown reason became more attractive, we'd obviously make an opportunistic buyback. And we do have an authorization for $200 million to offset dilution from employee equity instruments. And our cash strategy is not cast in concrete forever. This is just how we want to approach it now to offset dilution, be opportunistic. We have a bias for buying companies that could fit and be optimized in Teradyne better than on their own, but we can't overpay and that's what slows down what otherwise could be some more exciting news.
Mehdi Hosseini - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Got it. And one quick follow-up regarding the model. Early on, you said that you update the model once a year. Does that mean that what you highlighted last year is going to hold through Q4 of this year and no change?
Gregory Beecher: I would expect so.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Patrick Ho with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Patrick Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: You gave a little bit of color on the HDD test revenues and the trends over this year. But in general, what is the typical turnaround time between when you see the order and revenue recognition for those systems?
Gregory Beecher: If they passed the qualification period because otherwise it could be a 9-month period. But once we get past qualification and we get an order, there's still another evaluation. So net-net, it's probably 6 months.
Patrick Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. So it's obviously a little bit longer than the core SemiTest turnaround time?
Gregory Beecher: Right. But then once we're through the first acceptance is with a new product, new customer, then it goes back to a normal recognition and it'll look like our other businesses.
Patrick Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Got you. That's really helpful. And maybe just on an apples-to-apples basis and it doesn't have to be an exact number. Could you give what the Automotive Diagnostics business could have contributed to revenues in the June quarter just so we have, I guess, a clear apples-to-apples at least between March and June?
Gregory Beecher: The June quarter in the June of 2011?
Patrick Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yes, '11, yes.
Gregory Beecher: Well, I'll give you June of last year because I don't have the books anymore. June of last year was $9.5 million of revenue and the EBIT was breakeven.
Patrick Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. And finally, Mike, maybe just to go back to the Memory Test side of things for a second. How sustainable do you believe the current NAND FLASH test-buying trends are? Obviously, we see that the overall environment seems to be still relatively healthy based on some of the consumer electronic devices that continue to consume NAND. What's your take on the test buy rate and the sustainability for you guys and then maybe the whole segment as a whole?
Michael Bradley: Well, I think for this year, the trend will be a much heavier FLASH component than a DRAM component in that total market, whether that market ends up at $600 million or $900 million. And I think that trend for the short term is certainly what we're expecting. Beyond that, I think, there are a variety of forecast on it, but our position with the Magnum actually it's favorable for us because we have a bigger footprint on the FLASH side of the business than we do on the DRAM side of the business.
Patrick Ho - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And maybe just a final follow-up off of that comment, do you believe some of your growth with Magnum is due not only to market conditions, but also potential share gains?
Michael Bradley: Yes. I mean, maybe with one or 2 quarters ago, we talked about extending the Magnum into a DRAM wafer probe segment. So the position in FLASH has been growing gradually over the years, even before Nextest was part of us. And the expansion into the low-speed DRAM probe sector is what gives us some additional growth. Obviously, that has to be resuscitated and be a little bit stronger than it's been for us to get meaningful share. But when you wrap all of that together, that's what's driving us hopefully from the teens in market share up to the 20% level this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Atif Malik with Morgan Stanley.  [Technical Difficulty]
Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley: My question is I'm a bit surprised at the test utilization number of 90% that you guys are talking about. You still guided to 70% test utilization for second quarter, but 1Q at 75%. So is it something that you're going to see or starting to see with test utilization have to tried to come down and maybe you can explain the discrepancy with what's being seen and what you're seeing?
Michael Bradley: Well, it's a mixed bag and different [indiscernible] and it shifts -- it can shift pretty dramatically based upon the orders that they get. If you look at the outside measurements of utilization, it's clearly in the 80% to -- up to the 90% level and has trended up from this trough, which was around 85%. So it was a high trough and it's been moving up over the last couple of months. Now I think the thing that supports overall reasonably high utilization in our overall installed base is that the bookings relatively has been strong. So those capacity being added at a pretty healthy rate. The run rate in the business, we think, at $600 million plus in the first quarter and shipments would suggest the $2.4, billion, $2.5 billion market level. So I think all of that says, across the world the installed base utilization is high. Having said that, the fact that our OSAT bookings have remained stable at 25%, 24% would suggest that in the OSAT sector, that could be lower.
Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley: Got it. And then another OSAT, PowerTech, they are actually raising the CapEx for this year for DRAM DDR3 testing, not by a lot, but at least they're raising it. And I'm curious to know is your status still dual sourced kind of a status for DRAM testing and what aren't you seeing in your DRAM testing bookings?
Michael Bradley: Well, we're not into the entire market and the customers that we have in DRAM final test have been using, as we've talked before, have really been able to get productivity and adapted the system so they can test the current speed rates of the DRAM products, essentially, with a lot of their existing installed base. So we're not seeing as much business there as you would get if we were populated across the entire market. But that's why it's an opportunity that's in the future for us rather than baked into the numbers that we've reported.
Andrew Blanchard: Operator, thank you. And everyone, appreciate you joining, and please call if you have questions. We look forward to talking to you in the next couple of months. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Andrew Blanchard – VP, IR Michael Bradley – CEO Gregory Beecher – CFO
Analysts:  Krish Sankar – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jim Covello – Goldman Sachs Atif Malik – Morgan Stanley Mehdi Hosseini – Susquehanna Financial Group Satya Kumar – Credit Suisse David Duley Steelhead Securities Mahavir Sanghavi – UBS Investment Bank Timothy Arcuri – Citigroup C.J. Muse – Barclays Capital Patrick Ho – Stifel Nicolaus Tom Diffely – D.A. Davidson 
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jaimie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Teradyne’s Q4 2010 earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Andrew Blanchard. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Andrew Blanchard: Thank you, Jaimie. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne’s most recent financial results. I’m joined this morning by our Chief Executive Officer, Mike Bradley; and our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks, we’ll provide details of our performance for the fourth quarter and full year of 2010, as well as our outlook for the first quarter. First, I’d like to address several administrative issues. The press release containing our most recent financial results was sent out via Business Wire last evening. Copies are available on our website or by calling Teradyne’s Corporate Relations office at 978-370-2221. This call is being simultaneously webcast at teradyne.com. Note that during this call, we’re providing slides on the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion. To view them, simply access the Investor page of the site and click on Live Webcast icon. In addition, replays of this call will be available via the Investors page of teradyne.com about 24 hours after the call ends. The replays will be available along with slides through February the 13th. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne’s results to differ materially from management’s current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release as well as our most recent SEC filings for a complete description. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today, and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today’s call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We have posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure where available on our website. To view them, go to the Investor page and click on the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation link. Also, you may want to note that between now and our next conference call, Teradyne will be participating in the Stifel Nicolaus Technology Conference on February 9 and Goldman Sachs Technology conference on February 15, both in San Francisco, Oppenheimer’s Semiconductor Summit in New York on February 17, and Morgan Stanley’s Technology, Media and Telecom Conference on March 1 in San Francisco. Now, let’s get on with the rest of the agenda. First, our CEO, Mike Bradley, will review the state of the company and the industry in the fourth quarter, and we’ll review our outlook for the first quarter. Then our CFO, Greg Beecher, will provide more details on our quarterly and full year financials along with our guidance for the first quarter. We will then answer your questions. For scheduling purposes, you should note that we intend to end this call after one hour. Mike?
Michael Bradley: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for being with us again today. You can see that we’re guiding revenues up in the first quarter so I want to describe what’s driving that as well as the general tone of business as we enter 2011. But I’d like to spend some time first recapping 2010 as it reflects very solid progress on a long-term strategy. As you know, we closed out the year with annual revenues of $1.6 billion and non-GAAP earnings of $2.20 per share. That was the fourth highest revenue level in our history and the number one year in terms of profit rate and cash generation. Obviously, these results were due in part to a strong recovery in the Semiconductor Test market, particularly in SOC Test. The worldwide SOC Test portion doubled from $1.3 billion in 2009 to $2.6 billion in 2010. And we captured nearly 60% of that growth as our SOC shipments grew from $500 million to just over $1.3 billion. Our customers ordered over 1,700 systems in a year, propelling our SOC market share to about 50%, up from 41% last year. Now, we’ve benefited from some strong segment buying which can ebb and flow each year. So we believe a conservative base line market share would be somewhat lower, but still significantly up from 2009, with half of our share gain coming from new design wins and half from the steady mix shift in the market to mobile, consumer and smart power devices. We’re very pleased that our customers voted so strongly in favor of the FLEX, the 750, Eagle and Nextest SOC products for their new silicon releases and for their aggressive product ramps this past year. Our FLEX and J750 installed base now sits at well over 6,000 systems, and record years for Eagle and Nextest had broadened our total installed base to the point where we’ll cross the 10,000-system mark sometime this year. On the Memory side of things, we had a very good year, with record bookings and revenues for our Memory business unit, both topping $100 million. While the memory test market recovered to a $700 million CapEx level for the year, we grew our shipments every quarter through the year, ending the year at just under our $40 million per quarter run rate. The annual scorecard memory now has us in second place in market share, up from third place last year and fourth place in 2008. But at about a 15% share, we obviously have a long way to go. But the Magnum and UltraFLEX products are well positioned for growth in 2011. In Systems Test, slowdowns in our defense and hard disk drive businesses in the second half left us in the red for the year, but we’ve moved back to profitability in the fourth quarter and expect to continue increasing profits as we grow our shipments in the first quarter. Strategically, we’ve made good progress in expanding our HDD served market, both through its customer expansion as well as broadened test applications, and we expect between $80 million and $120 million in business this year as we’ve said in prior calls. So Greg will go through the company-wide numbers in detail, but I want to reinforce that we’re committed to tight cost discipline going forward. That doesn’t mean that we won’t make strategic investments. It does mean that we’ll keep a grip on any expense creep whether the market is going up or down. Now those of you who followed our industry for a while know that the prior industry-wide pattern has been to give back all the profits of an upturn in the subsequent downturn, then to repeat that pattern over and over again. Our model ensures that that won’t be the case for Teradyne. And I think you can now see how we performed even when there’s a sharp downturn like that from the third to the fourth quarter. The bottom line is fixed-cost disciplined, a strong balance sheet, market share growth in our core markets and expansion into new markets where we have leveraged in technology, distribution and cost. Now, the subject of new market expansion deserves some comment as our cash resources do give us more M&A flexibility going forward. On this subject, I’d like to make a few clarifying points. First, our acquisitions of Eagle Test and Nextest were critical additions to our core market coverage in performance analog and memory test, respectively. We saw these as must-haves with respect to strengthening our SOC presence and expanding into memory. We don’t have any market coverage gaps that warrant M&A moves of that magnitude going forward. Second, expansion in and around the Test Cell would be pursued only when we could get an integration advantage. By that, I mean acquiring and integrating a peripheral product to achieve a performance level that’s impossible to achieve through a modular standalone approach. And third, we would not pursue M&A targets so far off field that they don’t have significant technology or customer leverage. So this multiplier effect of technology and customers is an essential component of anything we consider outside our immediate markets. So these three principles, along with the requirement that any acquisition be healthy and growth-oriented guide all of the work we do in considering non-homegrown initiatives. Now let me turn to our fourth quarter and our trajectory into the first quarter 2011. Our fourth quarter bookings of $355 million were up 1% from Q3, with Semi Test up 10% and our System Test Group down 24%. The System Test drop isn’t surprising as we generally see lumpy buying patterns in the defense and hard disk drive sectors. In this quarter, HDD was down, while defense, commercial board test and automotive diagnostics were all up. In Semi Test, memory was the big story as we had record orders in the quarter. As I mentioned last quarter, we now have installations in Flash, in DRAM prog and in DRAM final test markets. This quarter, we continue to generate business in all three sectors. I will say that the Flash momentum is building, while high-speed memory test remains at a steady but low level. So we’re pleased with the trajectory in Memory, but understand, we have a lot of share growth yet to be realized. In SOC Test, system orders were about flat to Q3, while end-of-year service orders were up. We continue to see the benefit of being well-positioned in the smart power, microcontroller and wireless segments where we captured very high share of end product test seconds. As I mentioned in the prior call, the consumer migration to smartphones and tablets and away from PCs favors our product portfolio. In total, IDM and fabless company direct orders for SOC and memory combined were flat, while OSAT demand increased 58% sequentially to $74 million in the quarter. This is a promising sign as usually subcon demand remains muted for a few quarters in a down cycle. So in the first quarter, we’re moving our revenue plan up over 10% at the midpoint of our guidance as virtually all business units will grow sequentially. In summary, it’s been a rewarding year. We’ve executed some very aggressive production ramps for our customers. We’ve cracked into some important new customers, which give us real upside going forward. We’ve kept a tight hand on the cost structure. And we’ve now tested out our model in both a sharp up and down cycle, assuring us that we can outperform the market and our past history and over-the-cycle results. Now let me turn it over to Greg for the full financial perspective.
Gregory Beecher: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. I’d like to start by highlighting some of the key 2010 accomplishments before closing the chapter on the year, and then I’ll talk about our cash strategy and wrap up with a recap of fourth quarter results and guidance on our first quarter of 2011. On an annual basis, our sales doubled from last year’s $819 million to $1.6 billion in 2010. Our full year non-GAAP EPS totaled $2.20 versus a loss of $0.27 in 2009. We set new records in units shipped, ramp rate and annual share gain. Certainly, though, two of the headline financial accomplishments; our new annual record for free cash flow of $491 million, about $150 million more than our prior record of $343 million; and our full year non-GAAP operating profit rate of 28%, surpassing our prior record of 23% set in 2000. Perhaps more important than ramping products at record levels or exceeding these two path high watermarks is that we expect to retain these profits with our new model versus giving a large portion of them back in a trough period. As a very quick reference, following our second highest EPS year in 2000, we gave all of those profits back and more in the subsequent downturn. Now, though, despite sales dropping $180 million or 36% from the third quarter, we operated six points above our model, 15% profit rate, in the fourth quarter, and expect even better results in the first quarter of 2011. The model changes from our past peak earnings in 2000 are too many to detail, but I’ll quickly note that our fixed costs are well more than a third lower, with about 2/3 fewer permanent employees. On the employee front, we’re very pleased that our people earned the highest full year profit sharing payouts in our history for 2010, as they executed exceptionally well in meeting the needs of our customers. Across the company, we’ve taken full advantage of low-cost regions and outsourcing. We have fully leveraged technology building blocks and platforms to reduce both cycle time and costs, and we’ve consolidated numerous facilities, functions and activities. But perhaps more than anything else on the model front, we’ve instilled financial discipline and optimized business models throughout the company. Our models are conservative and based upon smaller market sizes than we expect. This is perhaps most evident in SOC Test where we’ve talked about our model being built off a 2 billion SOC Test market despite the 2.5 billion five-year average market size. This obviously provides for far greater full cycle earnings. The model though is just one part of the story. There’s actually a bigger story, which is share growth and expansion into multiple new markets. In 2010, our very strong market share and the higher growth Semi Test segment, such as power management, wireless and microcontroller, shine brightly. The combination of being in faster growing segments and taking share on a socket-by-socket basis enabled us to grow our SOC Test share from about 41% in 2009 to about 50% in 2010. Looking ahead, we also expect to benefit from the multiple technology ways underway in smartphones, mobile computing and Internet connectivity. On the market expansion front, starting with our non-organic moves, we’re very pleased to report that Eagle and Nextest both significantly eclipsed their past sales and earnings records in 2010. A significant portion of our 2010 share gains came from growing Eagle and Nextest’s best-in-class product sales faster than they could do on their own without broader distribution and support. Organically, we’ve also significantly expanded our addressable markets with our entry into hard disk drive and high-speed memory. While neither made the contribution in 2010 that they are capable of, we’re encouraged about their prospects in 2011 and beyond. In summary, our market share, product momentum and operating model position us much better than in any time in our past no matter what the market conditions. Now, moving to the fourth quarter recap. We’ve posted sales of $322 million, with a non-GAAP operating profit rate of 21% and EPS of $0.37. This was our fourth consecutive quarter operating above our model, 15% profit rate, which is another new record. So into last quarter, we’ve shown the combined 2009, 2010 periods and contrasted that to prior two year periods, and you can see that our operating profit rate is about 10 points higher now than in the past. Moving to the demand side. Assuming test bookings increased 10% to 286 million, we’re strengthening in low-speed memory and service bookings. On the other side of bookings ledger, Systems Test Group came in at 69 million, with strong bookings in [inaudible]. Moving to cash. We end the year with 1.55 billion in gross cash and 855 million in net cash after deducting the face amount of the convert and our Japan debt. We recently announced a $200 million buy-back program. The program is intended to offset dilution from employee equity compensation. So far, we have not bought back any stock. Let me explain how we’re thinking about cash. While not cast in stone, we have two basic choices, return capital to shareholders or retain it for M&A. As you know, our track record in M&A with Eagle and Nextest has been very positive. Furthermore, we believe there will be other attractive opportunities where we can grow businesses faster inside Teradyne than on our own as well as benefit from cost synergies. We’ll retain our very strict criteria, including the need to earn at least our cost of capital of 15% and, of course, the business need to be healthy, with a differentiated product and roadmap. That is why we are holding significantly more cash than necessary to operate our existing businesses. We also recognize that the timing of when an acquisition fits our strict criteria and can be brought to closure is very unpredictable. Again, after our stock buyback, we intend to offset the dilution from employee equity transactions, which is about 4 million to 5 million shares a year. We also are planning to be opportunistic in our purchases. To summarize, our intent is not to just accumulate cash. We continuously look at our capital structure. But at this time, we feel there are attractive opportunities to grow both revenue and earnings with prudent use of this cash through M&A. Now to the financial details. The fourth quarter top line of 322 million was down 180 million or 36% from the third quarter. Semi Test was 262 million, down 186 million or 41%, and Systems Test Group was 60 million, up 6 million. Semi Test product shipments decreased 47% from a quarter ago. Within the 322 million, service revenue was 69 million, up 3 million from a quarter ago. Semi Test service revenue was 49 million. Total company product turns business was 30% versus 18% a quarter ago. Semi Test product turns business was 33% versus 18% a quarter ago. Memory revenue was 38 million in the quarter, up from 29 million sequentially. At the end of the fourth quarter, our U.S. board net operating losses totaled about 170 million, and we have federal tax credits of about 50 million. We expect to end Q1 at about the same cash level as we ended the year as we have variable compensation payouts and year-end tax payments in the quarter. Moving down to P&L. Gross margins decreased from 54.9% in the third quarter to 52.5% in the fourth quarter due to volume. We also had favorable mix somewhat tempering the impact of the sharp volume decline. R&D expenses were 47.5 million or 15% of sales compared to 50.1 million or 10% of sales in the third quarter. SG&A expenses were 54.8 million or 17% of sales compared to 61.1 million or 12% of sales in the third quarter. Operating expenses of 102 million were down 9 million from the third quarter due to lower variable compensation. Our net non-GAAP interest and other expense was 2.2 million. Taxes-related benefit of 6.3 million in the quarter as we adjusted the full year rate down to 4%. In the fourth quarter, Semi Test sales were 81% of the total, and the Systems Test Group was 19%. Our book-to-bill ratio for the fourth quarter was 1.1 for the overall company, 1.09 for the Semiconductor Test and 1.16 for the Systems Test Group. At the end of the quarter, our backlogs stood at $514 million, of which 82% is scheduled to ship and be recognized as revenue within the next six months. Cash flow from operations totaled 155 million after capital additions. Depreciation and amortization in the fourth quarter was 32 million, including 7 million of stock-based compensation, 7 million for acquired intangible asset amortization and 2.8 million for amortization of the GAAP imputed debt discount. As noted in the press release, sales for the first quarter of 2011 are expected to be between 350 million and 375 million. And the non-GAAP EPS range is $0.33 to $0.39 on 206 million diluted shares. I should add that the guidance exclude the amortization of acquired intangibles and the noncash imputed interest on the convertible debt. Our GAAP EPS range is $0.26 to $0.31. The operating profit rate at the midpoint of our first quarter guidance is about 22%. Now, moving to the P&L percentages in the first quarter. We expect gross margins to be 51% to 52%. R&D should be 13% to 14%. And SG&A should be 15% to 16%. Non-GAAP net interest expense is expected to be about 2.3 million, and the tax provision should be about 5 million. In summary, we have the best product lineup in the industry, a model that is delivering, and we’re well-positioned to benefit from the technology buying ways underway. Now I’ll turn the call back over to Andy.
Andrew Blanchard: Thanks, Greg. Jaimie, we’d now like to take some questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America.
Krish Sankar – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. I had a couple of them. Number one, Greg or Mike, in your guidance, can you split between Semis and the Systems Test? Because I remember last quarter, you said there would be about $30 million of Systems Test business in Q1.
Gregory Beecher: Hi, this is Greg. The Systems Test business will be similar to the fourth quarter, but maybe up about $5 million.
Krish Sankar – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And the second thing was, what are the split between IDM and OSAT?
Michael Bradley: I’ve got it. The OSAT business was 26% this quarter, and that was up from 18% in the third quarter. That’s where it bottomed.
Krish Sankar – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. And then in terms of the M&A side, I just want to understand, are your customers pushing you to have a more integrated Test Cell solution or do you think as a test company, you don’t need to really grow up, get more footprint in the Test Cell and look at M&A outside the Test Cell?
Michael Bradley: They are consistently focused, Kris, on best-of-breed. So they wouldn’t take components of the Test Cell that were lower in performance just because they were integrated. So the short answer is they’re not looking for integration for integration’s sake. They’re looking for integration only if it has a functional or economic advantage that can’t be achieved through a modular approach.
Krish Sankar – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
Jim Covello – Goldman Sachs: Great. Good morning, guys. Thanks so much for taking my question, and congratulations on the terrific results. A couple of questions. I guess, I’d like to follow up on Kris a little bit relative to – your message on M&A is very loud and clear. But would you expect at least some of that M&A activity to come outside of your traditional test space, consistent with other market expansions you’ve done over the last couple of years? That’s the first question. And the second question, is there any color you could offer us relative to what market impact do you think the M&A that’s happening outside of Teradyne in the test space is going to have on the business, really focusing on any kind of incremental opportunities you may be able to take advantage of while there is disruption with competitors? Thank you so much and congratulations again.
Michael Bradley: Jim, with regard to our strategy, the thing we wanted to be clear about is that in one sense, our focus in the past has been very tightly around the core with the additions of Nextest and Eagle. But that doesn’t mean we’re limiting it into the Test Cell as we scan the market. The issue for us is what are the core capabilities of the company and can we find ways to leverage that more inside the core as well as in, what I’d call, close adjacencies. The thing we want to do is avoid looking so far a field that we dilute any of the technology leverage or any of the customer leverage we could get. So that’s the – I don’t want to say it’s exclusively inside the test arena. Having said that, I think we would be unlikely to venture so far away that you would look in and say, "This is a holding company." On the front of what’s happening in the rest of the test space and consolidation. Obviously, the consolidation moves that are underway now will have some effects, short term and long term. But the thing I’d emphasize is that the design in cycles that our customers go through are many months in duration. So there’s really nothing immediate that’s happening. Certainly, customers are asking questions and trying to figure out the implications of that. But the trajectory and the progress we’ve made doesn’t really incorporate anything that could be an outgrowth of that consolidation activity that’s taking place. I think in the future, if product roadmaps change as a result of it, if product are discontinued and so on, I think that will have an impact. But at this point, I wouldn’t put any register of anything into the numbers that we have that’s resulted from that.
Jim Covello – Goldman Sachs: Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Atif Malik with Morgan Stanley.
Atif Malik – Morgan Stanley: Hi, thanks for taking my questions and a nice bounce in numbers. I have a question. In your prepared remarks, you said your market share will be down this year, but up from 2009 levels. I’m just guessing, should we take the midpoint of 41% in 2009 and 50% last year as an average market share? And what test bit rate assumption we should use on average for this year? And then I have a follow-up.
Michael Bradley: Atif, because the share shifts come from two places for us. One is from specific device design-ins, and it also comes from the shifting subsegments of the markets, which are gradually moving more and more in favor of the mobile applications and power management and automotive and microcontrollers and so on. It’s a little bit hard to put your finger on how much is permanent and how much is transitional. The way we’ve been doing it, the rule of thumb we’ve been using is that we think there is some of the segment shifting and bumping us in the buying pattern. So we didn’t want to peg our market share at the numerical high 49%, 50% level, which I think it will come out to when all the numbers are in. So the short answer is mid-40s is the way we’re roughly modeling it for this year.
Gregory Beecher: And I think I’ll add to that, Atif, is I think we’ve modeled the company to fit our model profit rate at a 41% market share. So if the market share ends up at somewhere north of 41%, which we believe it will, likely short of 50%. Obviously, that profit rate is above 15% is what we should be delivering.
Michael Bradley: Atif, what was your second question?
Atif Malik – Morgan Stanley: Test bit rate, what is your assumption for test bit rate this year?
Michael Bradley: Let me just do a quick recap. The 2010 bit rates we think will settle in for SOC around 1.4%, and for memory around 1%. Now what we’ve – do some quick math. What we’ve modeled the business at, as you know, in SOC as we build the model around 2 billion. If it comes in at 2 billion, that actually will be a decline in bit rate to about 1.1. So I think at this point in time, we’ve got a range of possibility for market between 2 billion and as much as 2.6, which is what we think it settles in at for 2010. At this point, we’d be betting the over, in other words above 2 billion, in the 2.2 and above range, because of some of the early – the starting quarter here looks pretty good for the industry. So I think you have to deal with it as a range. At 1.1, you get a $2 billion market and then you push away up to 1.4 where you get to that higher end of that range in SOC. Memory was about $700 million market. That’s a 1% bit rate. We think that range is anywhere from 1%, possibly 1.3% for this coming year for memory.
Atif Malik – Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then you didn’t buy any shares last quarter, but the EPS guide for Q1, does it include any share buyback?
Gregory Beecher: The guidance does not include any share buybacks at this point.
Atif Malik – Morgan Stanley: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini with Susquehanna.
Mehdi Hosseini – Susquehanna Financial Group: Thanks for taking my question. Back to the System segment of your business or your revenue, how should we think about the adjustable market? You have been talking about incremental share gain in that segment, and here we are in 2011, and therefore I was just wondering if you could update us on the overall adjustable market and how you see your penetration? And I have a follow-up.
Michael Bradley: In Systems Test -?
Gregory Beecher: In the hard disk drive?
Mehdi Hosseini – Susquehanna Financial Group: Yes, yes. The Systems Test and specifically hard disk drive.
Michael Bradley: Yes. Mehdi, the update, I guess, comes in a couple of pieces. As you know, we focused on the 2.5-inch drive sector, and over the last couple of years have gotten a footprint in that segment. That’s all upside to us. We’ve done two things to give us the foundation for expanding that share, and that has been to expand the applications from the mobile market to the enterprise market and into functional testing of disk drives. So that broadens our market base in one way, and then we’ve also added a second customer design-in to the equation. So both of those things, we think, give us the ability to grow going forward. Now, I will say that the uncertainties in that market segment have pushed out revenues in 2010. So actually, we were at the low end of our expectations this past year. But we think with the expansion of market and expansion of customers, we’re positioned to do what we’ve described in the past, which is to move this business on a normal year into a range of $80 million to $120 million annually. That’s our aspiration.
Mehdi Hosseini – Susquehanna Financial Group: And then back to Semi services, how should we think or model for the overall trend in 2011? Should we just take the Q4 and normalize it or should we expect it to increase?
Gregory Beecher: Mehdi, this is Greg. I would expect it to increase a little bit each quarter as some of the systems come off the warranty we provide and then they go into a service contract, which turns into revenue. So it will build solid, particularly as you get to the later part of the year, it should increase a little bit more. So you might want to add 1%, 2%.
Mehdi Hosseini – Susquehanna Financial Group: 1% to 2% year-over-year growth?
Gregory Beecher: Yes.
Mehdi Hosseini – Susquehanna Financial Group: And then just one more item, what would you say or characterize as effective tax rate for 2011?
Gregory Beecher: We’re planning on 8% tax rate for 2011.
Mehdi Hosseini – Susquehanna Financial Group: Okay. Thank you.
Gregory Beecher: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Satya Kumar with Credit Suisse.
Satya Kumar – Credit Suisse: We have no further question. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David Duley with Steelhead.
David Duley Steelhead Securities: Congratulations on a nice quarter. Could you just recap again exactly why you’re guiding your revenue up in the current quarter? And I also noticed that gross margin guidance was down sequentially on a net revenue. Could you talk about that?
Gregory Beecher: Okay, this is Greg. I’ll talk to gross margin. In the fourth quarter, we had very favorable mix of margin within Semiconductor Test and even in the Systems Test group, which is all consistent with, I’ll say, our model in terms of the variation you can get. And if you look at Q1, it’s actually going the other way on us. So if I put the two quarters together, you’d have a more normalized margin. But there is variation simply based upon product mix. In the first quarter, we are shipping a greater amount of – or recognizing revenue, more hard disk drive systems. So it’s simply mix. And why we’re increasing revenue? We’ve had some strength in bookings and the outlook we have looks positive and it’s what we believe customers need.
Michael Bradley: Yes, the short-term indicators, Dave, are picking up. In a short lead time environment, it’s pretty hard to call long term. But the close-in activities picked up a bit. So we’re positioning for that.
David Duley Steelhead Securities: Could you just talk about segments or products or geographic regions that are showing the strength? I guess I was just trying to dig in a little bit more into the upside.
Michael Bradley: Yes. Maybe the best way – I think geographic isn’t as interesting as the segments. I’m going to talk about the SOC part because that’s the interesting part, I think, for you. Let’s see. If I look over the last, let’s say, three or four quarters, the strength that we’ve had continues to be in the microcontroller and logic test segments in the wireless or mobile segment and in power management. Maybe in fourth place, you’d find the automotive applications. So that has consistently been the case even in this last quarter, those are the leaders. Now obviously, they’re down from the peaks in the second – first and second quarter. Those will continue to be in the short term, they look to be the leaders for us. And we’re expecting a little improvement in most of those segments. They kind of change positions first, second, third and fourth, but that’s the cluster of the strongest applications. Now if I put that into a long-term context, that really is what we’ve been anticipating as that those segments over time will capture more of the test market because we think that the growth in the test segments will favor the mobile RF and the microcontroller and automotive spaces at the expense of declining test market size in the microprocessor or chipset spaces. So I think the short-term picture that we’ve got sort of fits into the long-term picture, but those are the three or four segments that have been driving things and continue to drive them through this fourth quarter and we believe into the first.
David Duley Steelhead Securities: Okay, one final thing from me. Did you have any 10% customers during the quarter? And do you think your cash generation in 2011 can match 2010? Thank you, and nice quarter, again.
Gregory Beecher: Okay. Thank you. I’ll answer the last question first. No, I don’t think we can match the performance in 2010. 2010 did have a higher amount of customer advanced payments, so that certainly helped us. And we’re not assuming a market size of 2.6 billion in SOC test. So our plan is to be more conservative, but kind of half of the answer is yes. But I would plan on that, it would be less than that number. That was a very strong number. And again, customer advances helped us a bit there too. So it’s up 10% customer. For the year, we don’t have a 10% customer. For the quarter, I will take a look and get back to you.
David Duley Steelhead Securities: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Chin with UBS.
Mahavir Sanghavi – UBS Investment Bank: Yes. Hi, thanks. This is Mahavir Sanghavi for Stephen Chin. Congratulations, Mike and Greg, on executing on your model. I have two questions. My first question is even though DRAM CapEx will be down in 2011, can Teradyne grow DRAM Test Cells in 2011 from new customer wins?
Michael Bradley: Well, we hope so. I think we’ve got a little bit of headwind just as you’ve described, which is things are shifting to the flash side versus the DRAM side. But our design-in position is, at this point, gives us the launching pad to grow if that segment and the CapEx in the segment grows. So I think it’s more tied to the CapEx rate that’s going to move in that space. Now obviously, we’re trying to get additional design-ins, and if we do that, we’ve got a little bit of upside potential in that space. I think for us, this year – actually the trend towards flash is helpful to us, both in a volume and in a share sense since our design-in position with the Magnum product from Nextest is actually – it’s been in that market for some years, and it’s increasing its position in that space. So if the CapEx shift to flash, which we think it will, we think that works in our direction.
Mahavir Sanghavi – UBS Investment Bank: And the second question is, if you’ve got enough a boost from improved outlooks from OSAT, how sustainable are the sales to OSAT? And do you think that they will start to be improving in the first half of ‘11 after sort of bottoming out in 3Q?
Michael Bradley: Well, it’s a rearview mirror here that the OSAT went down substantially, if you remember, in the third quarter. And the favorable news is that they moved up a bit. They’re nowhere close to their peak buying levels, but a move up by the OSAT, we took as a positive signal because they’re really the canary in the mineshaft in terms of where the overall market is moving. So we took that as a favorable move. Again, their trigger is such a short one that they could move up or down. But in terms of the tone of the discussions, we feel like the bottom on the OSAT is behind us. How much it could go up, we’re not sure at this point.
Mahavir Sanghavi – UBS Investment Bank: Thank you, guys. And congratulations once again.
Michael Bradley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with Citi.
Timothy Arcuri – Citigroup: Hi guys, several questions. Greg, I’m just trying to clarify something you just said. Did you just say that you’re planning that the SOC test market would be down in 2011? Is that correct?
Gregory Beecher: For our planning purposes, we assume a conservative market that fully structure the company. I think a question was asked to Mike earlier was what do we think the SOC test market size could be. And I think we answered that, that it could be as high as 2.6 or it could be as low as 2.2. It’s somewhere in that range would be our judgment at this point.
Timothy Arcuri – Citigroup: Okay. Just on that, I guess I’m sort of trying to sit, that was what we’ve already heard from the big OSATs. One big OSAT came out, and it was pretty clear that CapEx is going to be up 15%, and cash CapEx should be up at least that much. So talking to the other OSATs, that seems like a pretty consistent theme. So the OSATs seem to be spending definitely up on test. And if you look at your OSAT business, it peaked out at almost triple where it is today on kind of a quarterly run rate. So it would seem like there’s a lot of leap in that business headed into the back half of the year if, in fact, these companies all spent up like they say they’re going to. So I’m wondering why you’re being so conservative when they’re saying that they’re going to spend up.
Michael Bradley: No. Tim, I absolutely take your point. I think sometimes we talk about our planning process so that you understand the disciplined side of our investments, in our expenses side of the equation. But I think the reason we don’t speculate above the top side or the possibility of it being higher is that, frankly, we really can ramp up to whatever level if necessary in that space. So we maybe – as you said, we maybe under-promoting the upside in our discussions, but we only do that because we want to keep the discipline on the cost side. But I would accept the point that if the OSATs recover to the level that they were at 2010, it’s a considerable upside. That was a $400 million to $500 million chunk of business for us. And you’re right, we’re far, far short of that rate at this point.
Timothy Arcuri – Citigroup: Okay, got that. Second question. Just on the – trying to sort of back into what Semi Test orders, sort of a trajectory of that. I know you that you don’t want to talk about bookings, but if I just plug in sort of $75 million in system revenues in Q1, it would sort of suggest that Semi Tests orders are about flattish, maybe they’re up a smidge in Q1. Is that the right way to think about it? And then I had a last follow-up. Thanks.
Michael Bradley: Well, I won’t do all out the limb, but have not forecasted. And I think the thing I wanted to do in my comments and in response to your question here is that I do think that we see a short-term strengthening scenario. Where that ends up, obviously, we’re not sure. We’re still inside – we’re 27 days into the quarter. But I think the short-term indicators are reasonable positive for us, and we signaled the reflection of that in this capacity and slot plan that we have.
Timothy Arcuri – Citigroup: Great. And then just last question. Just on M&A, your last two deals were about $300 million in size. Are you sort of comfortable with that sort of a size? There’s been a lot of questions asked about where you might – what vertical you might buy in. But in terms of size of deal, should we expect a bigger deal than what you’ve done in the past or are you going to try to stick to the same sort of small to medium-sized deals that you’ve done in the past?
Gregory Beecher: Tim, this is Greg. That’s a question to answer directly because a lot of it depends upon what’s the best fit, what would be the most accretive inside Teradyne. But having said that, generally speaking, the larger the deal, the less likely because there’s less likely further help Teradyne can provide a company that’s already grown to a certain level. So I smoothed that out. I think they would tend to be companies a little bit of smaller size where we really could help them in Asia in supply line. Once a company gets to a certain size, they often build some of those capabilities themselves.
Timothy Arcuri – Citigroup: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse with Barclays Capital.
C.J. Muse – Barclays Capital: Yes, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I guess first question on memory. Can you share what your memory orders were in 4Q? What your expectations are for memory revenues in terms of a range for ‘11? And then how do you see the mix between flash and high-speed memory?
Gregory Beecher: Memory bookings in the fourth quarter were 42 million. C.J., size of our business this coming year, we have to put some bands around it. And I think that if the market is the size of this year – this past year, it’s a $700 million market. Our view is this memory market doesn’t go back to the levels that it’s been in the past because of the productivity elements that have been exercised over the past couple of years. So if you put a band of $700 million to $900 million or $1 billion, and we’re sitting at about 15% shares, we exit 2010. Our appetite here is to gradually grow that. We hope that with the shift towards flash this year and with the design-ins we’ve had over the last couple of years, we could move that northward towards 20. So if you put those numbers together, you can get a revenue range in that. Anything inside that sizing, we’re fully capable of shipping.
C.J. Muse – Barclays Capital: And then on the HDD side, it looks like you had some of that business pushed from Q4 and I’m assuming into ‘11, so, I guess, can you provide some color there? And then in terms of the revenue guide or the range you provided for ‘11, can you tell us what the expected linearity is?
Gregory Beecher: You’re right, C.J., some of the hard disk drive while it shipped in the fourth quarter, it will be recognized in revenue in the first quarter. And hard disk drive, it there is a buying pattern, they tend to put orders in the second quarter, third quarter. But it’s very hard to forecast that.
Michael Bradley: It’s the least linear of our businesses, and it’s the shortest history of any product that we’ve got. But our expectation is it’s going to be very lumpy.
C.J. Muse – Barclays Capital: And I guess on the SOC side, you talked about, I guess, some uncertainty in terms on which end markets are necessarily going to grow and what would the share will be. But I guess, curious on what you see in terms of product mix and what the implications are for your margins on the SOC test side excluding memory. Any help there?
Gregory Beecher: I think the mix will be somewhat similar to some prior quarters. And we’ve set our guidance – we tend to try to be a little conservative on the mix. There’s nothing happening in the pricing environment that should change our model at least in the short term, that’s for sure. And we had very good mix in the fourth quarter, very good, so first quarter, we’re assuming it’s not as strong, and we also had greater hard disk drive business. So I don’t think there’s anything unusual about the Q4 to Q1 mix. If you could see the products underneath it, they’re delivering at their normal standard margins. It’s just the mix that’s in the quarter.
C.J. Muse – Barclays Capital: So I was actually thinking beyond Q1 for all ‘11. I know that’s out a bit further, but I was wondering if you have any thoughts there.
Gregory Beecher: I think the only thing significantly different – the things that could be different would be more hard disk drive business, so that’s going to give us more dollar from the bottom line but lower the gross margin percent and lower our R&D and SG&A percent. But more dollars in the bottom line.
Michael Bradley: The other thing inside SOC, there’s really not a – we don’t project much of a difference in mix. I guess the only thing in the short term that has move of interest is in that the image sensor market, which has been quite subdued, actually had a decent uptick here in the fourth quarter. But any of these moves mix actually don’t have much impact to us in terms of either production capability. And as Greg has talked about the margin mix, it moves gradually, but the margins are fairly consistent.
C.J. Muse – Barclays Capital: Last question for me. On the M&A side, you talked about acquisitions. I’m curious whether you would consider JV partnerships as well?
Gregory Beecher: It’s hard to say never, but it’s hard for me to conceptualize how that might serve our interest. So it would have to be some unique set of circumstances that that might make sense. Over the years, we have not seen one that made sense for Teradyne. So we consider everything, but many things get thrown off the table pretty quickly.
C.J. Muse – Barclays Capital: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Ho with Stifel Nicolaus.
Patrick Ho – Stifel Nicolaus: Two questions. One, Mike, you mentioned some of the design wins that you guys have generated. Are those new design wins coming in from the same areas that are strong right now, like power management, wireless and microcontrollers? Are they in other market segments?
Michael Bradley: No, they cover the waterfront, Patrick. Maybe one way to think about it is from a product standpoint, if you accumulate all of the design wins that we’ve had this year, that would total between $40 million and $50 million of identifiable sockets. About half of those design wins come from the FLEX family. About, I think, a little bit under 40% of those come from the Eagle family, and a bit more than 10% have come from the 750. That can change a little bit, but that gives you some flavor from a product standpoint how things have moved. I think the thing that’s interesting in that profile is that over the two years here that we’ve had Eagle Test in the portfolio, I’m putting – I’m doing – this is all SOC by the way. While we’ve had Eagle Test in the portfolio, we’ve really been gaining some steam as we’ve combined our sales and applications teams, especially in Asia, to go after a series of accounts that Eagle didn’t have the reach into with their distribution organization. So that’s really starting to kick in, and that’s why the Eagle piece is as high as 35% to 40%.
Patrick Ho – Stifel Nicolaus: Great. That’s really helpful. And one clarification on the HDD Test business, I think, Greg, you just said that you’d shipped but you’re expecting to recognize revenues in Q1. Is there a different, I guess, recognition revenue policy with HDD Test from your normal Semiconductor Test business? Or are these kind of the eval units that have a little bit of a longer period before revenue recognition? Can you just give a little color on that?
Gregory Beecher: It’s the latter. There is no difference, but because it’s a new product, a new version of the product, we wait for acceptance. No different in what we do with a Semi Test product.
Patrick Ho – Stifel Nicolaus: Great. Thanks a lot guys.
Andrew Blanchard: Operator, we have time for just one more question, please.
Operator: You have a question from the line of Tom Diffely with D. A. Davidson.
Tom Diffely – D.A. Davidson: Yes. Good morning. Just quickly, I was hoping you can give us a feel for what the utilization rates are of your tools in the field and how it’s trended over the last couple of months?
Michael Bradley: Tom, it’s Mike. Things have moved down a little through the third and fourth quarter. And by a little, I mean into the 80s, 80% levels, 80% to 90%. If you look at it in industry-wide, and I think with the share we have, we’re a fair indicator of the industry. The bottoms of the last few cycles have been low 80s. This is a little bit higher than that. I put it at around the mid-80s at this point. So the buying has stabilized here and the utilization has stabilized at a slightly higher level. Now, all these comments don’t embrace the 2009 downturn so I always talk about that separately. That was in the 50s, obviously.
Tom Diffely – D.A. Davidson: And then you’ve talked about how you’ve had a nice little jump here in some OSAT business. What about the IDMs, are they starting to ramp up as well, just on a lower level?
Michael Bradley: The IDM buying rate has – everything came down in the third quarter, but that has stabilized.
Tom Diffely – D.A. Davidson: Okay. Would you expect that to improve in the first quarter, I mean the OSAT-driven upturn in the near term?
Michael Bradley: I think it’s not distinguished OSAT to IDMs. I think the general sense that we have is that the customer base is mobilizing here to move a little bit into a more strong position so I wouldn’t say it’s one place or the other.
Tom Diffely – D.A. Davidson: Okay. And then finally, in the test, you’ve talked about how the hard disk drive business had lower margins. I was just kind of curious, is that a volume-driven issue? Is it more of a structural issue?
Gregory Beecher: It’s a structural issue. It’s more based upon the level of differentiation the product has while its significant. We’re not able to get the same margins as we are in Semiconductor Test. And it’s the model of the business and as far as lower engineering and selling costs. So it can have the same operating profit line, but it has less engineering. With less engineering, they generally get less of a gross margin.
Tom Diffely – D.A. Davidson: Okay. That makes sense. All right. Thank you.
Gregory Beecher: Thank you.
Andrew Blanchard: Great. Thank you, everyone, for joining us. We look forward to talking to you in the coming weeks. Take care.
Michael Bradley: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s Teradyne Q4, 2010 earnings conference call. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Andrew Blanchard – VP, Corporate Relations Mike Bradley – President and CEO Gregory Beecher – VP, Treasurer and CFO
Analysts:  Timothy Arcuri – Citigroup Krish Sankar – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mehdi Hosseini – Susquehanna International Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Christopher Muse – Barclays Capital James Covello – Goldman Sachs David Duly [ph] – Steel Head Patrick Ho – Stifel Nicolaus & Co. Atif Malik – Morgan Stanley
Presentation: 
Operator: Good morning. My name is Pia, and I will be the conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q3 2010 earnings release conference call. (Operator Instructions)
Andrew Blanchard: Thank you, Pia. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne’s most recent financial results. I am joined this morning by our Chief Executive Officer, Mike Bradley; and, our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks, we will provide details of our performance for the third quarter of 2010 as well as our outlook for the fourth quarter. First, I’d like to address several administrative issues. The press release containing our most recent financial results was sent out via business wire last evening. Copies are available on our website or by calling Teradyne’s corporate relations office at 978-370-2221. This call is being simultaneously webcast at www.teradyne.com. Note that during this call, we are providing slides on the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion. To view them simply access the investor page of the site and click on live webcast icon. In addition, replays of this call will be available via the investor’s page of teradyne.com about 24 hours after the call ends. The replays will be available along with the slides through the 14th of November. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne’s results to differ materially from management’s current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release as well as our most recent SEC filings for a complete description. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today’s call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We have posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure where available on our website. To view them, go to the investor page and click on GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation link. Also, you may want to note that between now and our next conference call, Teradyne will be participating in the Piper Jaffray TMT Conference on November 10th, Sidoti & Company’s Emerging Growth Farm in New York on November the 16th; Credit Suisse Annual Technology Conference in Phoenix on December 1st and 2nd; and Barclays Technology Conference on December 9th in San Francisco and finally, Eric May Luncheon in Chicago in November and New York and Boston in December.
Mike Bradley: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for being with us you for joining us today. Our results in the third speak for themselves, so I won’t go into detail there other than to say that we posted record numbers and are quite pleased with how the financial results reflect the overall strength of the company. We’re significantly different operations from a few years back with a richer product portfolio, stronger market share position, a very efficient cost structure and a solid balance sheet. Add to that the upside of our growth initiatives and we believe the picture going forward is quite promising. So, I’ll let Greg go through how our business model is performing as well as our cash strategy and the cash calendar. But I’d like to focus my reminders first on what’s happening in the test market in the short run; second, how we expect our full year results to play out and third, what we expect over a longer horizon. The most obvious show term issue is the sharp correction and demand we’ve seen in this past quarter in the SOC space. Although memory orders were up slightly, our SOC test orders declined 47% led by an OSAT pull back of $120 million. As I’ve mentioned in the past, our industry’s annual run rate was over $3 billion, which is above the trend line, so this correction isn’t unexpected. For 2010, the SOC market will now likely come in at $2.6 to 2.7 billion or double the market size in 2009, but will likely exit year at an annualize ship rate of about $2 billion. So, it’s been a sharp correction down to a level below the average market size of the past few cycles. I would note that we’ll be operating in Q4 at about model profitability in this correction, roughly 10 points higher than in prior cycles. So, our structure work for the last couple of years should stand up well, equally important is our continued progress on market share. While the overall the SOC market will double in 2010, we’ll grow by nearly 2.5 times. This will lift our share position to somewhere between 45 and 50% for the year. This is obviously a bigger gain than on the last few years, so it deserves some comment. There are three things happening here. First, we’ve been focused on high growth end markets like smartphones, automotive electronics and consumer white goods. These markets are growing faster than other end market segments like personal computers, netbooks or low end cellphones. Second, the test content in these products has a tight fit to our instrument portfolio and system architectures. Most notably, our power management and wireless instrumentation, plus our microcontroller test capability. As an example of how that plays out, we capture about 50% of the test seconds in a typical tablet versus only 15% of the test seconds in a netbook. And third, design for test methods are implemented more heavily in digitally dominant chips like PC processors with a result of reducing the test bitrate in these segments versus the mixed signal technologies in the consumer, automotive and industrial spaces where the test market continues to grow. The bottom line is that our FLEX and Eagle products have tapped in to the growing demand for mobile, energy efficient ICs. They’re at the heart of this new wave of consumer products. So, the share gains we’ve seen from us in the last few years are real. They’re hard one, of course, socket by socket and of course, we don’t win every battle, but our cumulative performances have been undeniable. Shifting now to memory, you’ll see in a table on our website that memory test demand is inching up, but remains well below prior cycle peaks. In that environment, we’ve had a small increase in our bookings in Q3 up to $27 million and will continue to ship at about $30 million in the fourth quarter. More significant is our continued progress in strategic design ends [ph]. This past quarter, we won new business in DDR3 wafer short testing with our Magnum II Test System from Nextest. This is a new beach head for the Magnum and represents another revenue – I’m sorry, another avenue for growth in high volume, high parallel wafer probe applications. Having said that, the memory revenue growth story continues to be tied to fab expansion plans for next year, while we’re increasingly well-positioned with the UltraFLEX and Magnum products in that space. Turning now to systems test, we nearly doubled our bookings with $91 million in orders for the quarter. This was led by our defense business and our hard disk drive products. If you recall that these sectors were lagging earlier this year, so the resurgent in those groups plus some continued strength in commercial board test has improved the overall systems test outlook. So, the overall picture is a correction in the SOC test market back below the trend line as company’s digest the new capacity put in place earlier this year. But continued growth going forward in semiconductor industry units and revenue productions driven principally by next generation smartphones, automotive electronics and mobile connectivity products. All of these bode well for the long-term semi test outlook. In summary, we’ll have one of the highest revenue years in our history in 2010, we’ll have our highest proper rate ever this year due to steady cost controls and market share leverage and our performance will compare well to the lead companies in the overall industry and will stand out in the test sector. So, independent of how this correction plays out, we’re positioned well for future over the cycle performance both in our core and in new markets. Now, I’ll turn this over to Greg for an in-depth review of the financials.
Gregory Beecher: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. I’d like to touch upon some of the key highlights before I get into the details of our third quarter results and fourth quarter guidance. I’ll also update you on our model and our cash plans. Starting with the third quarter recap, we posted sales of $502 million, with a non-GAAP operating profit rate of 32.8%, and EPS of $0.82. This was our highest non-GAAP operating profit rate in history eclipsing the 32% rate set just last quarter. For the fourth quarter, we’re expecting sales to be between $300 to 325 million with non-GAAP EPS of $0.21 to 0.28. This would put us on course for a full year sales of $1.6 billion with non-GAAP EPS of $2.05 to 2.12, which would top our annual EPS record. It would also put us on course to achieve our highest full year operating profit rate in history at approximately 27% and will likely be our first year of operating above our model 15% profit target for each quarter. One short hand way to show how we’ve modeled the company for improve over the cycle performance is to combine 2009 and 2010 and compare this two-year period with similar two-year periods. We’ve done that on our supporting slides on our website and you can see that we’re on course to generate just over 16% non-GAAP operating profit over the 2009-10 periods. This is at least 10 points better than the 2007-2008 combined periods or the 2005-2006 combined periods. You’d also have to go back very far in the archives to find a year where the SOC test market was as low as $1.3 billion as it was in 2009 or averaging about $2 billion over this two-year period. So, this is by no means an easy comparison. Perhaps though, more important than our strong over the cycle earnings performance is our free cash flow generation per share. Our 2010 free cash flow is expected to be approximately $430 million plus or minus $15 million. Using our non-GAAP diluted shares, this amounts to about $2.20 per diluted share. This would significantly exceed our past record of $1.21 per diluted share in 1999. This would also be a new record for free cash flow yield at about 20%. This past upturn was extraordinary. Our revenue grew from $121 million in the first quarter of 2009 to just over $500 million this past quarter. And the third quarter just ended, Eagle and Nextest were the standouts, each topping their past high watermarks in revenue. We grew faster than our peers as our SOC test market share expanded from about 41 percent in 2009 to an estimated 50% through the first nine months of 2010. The reason for the significant share gain is twofold. We have high market share and faster growing markets and we’ve also gain considerable share across all products on a socket by socket basis. Moving now to the demand side, semi test demand fell sharply in the quarter. OSAT bookings were only 47 million, the lowest level since the first quarter of 2009. Customers are clearly in a digestion phase, which overall is healthy. On the other side of the bookings ledger, systems test group had record bookings. This was primarily due to strong bookings for hard disk drives and defense test systems. While we’re expecting a significant drop in sequential sales for the total company of about $190 million in the fourth quarter, we expect to be operating at model profitability. We’ve pulled the only lever we need to in a slowdown, which is to adjust our inventory pipeline. As sales decline, we expect our cost to come down similar to how they rose as the vast majority of our quarterly cost growth was in variable compensation. I should add that this variable cost are spread over their respective performance periods, which range from a year to six months and this can cost some bumpiness in quarterly cost. We’ll also have some puffiness in engineer as we incur NREs or from time to time invest slightly more to capture additional growth. Stepping back for a moment, the macroeconomic environment and our customer sentiment is nothing like what we saw at the end of 2008. It feels much more like what we saw in late 2004. What we call what is around the corner, whatever unfolds, we’re clearly in a much stronger position than at any time in our past with our much improved model and strong product lineup. Moving next to cash, in our last conference call, I said that we intended to go a full cycle and then update you on our plans. But given the strength of the operating model, we now plan to move this update into our next conference call as we are currently reviewing our cash requirements and alternative uses of cash. What I can say now is that we intend to maintain sufficient cash resources for our worldwide operations under both very harsh operating environments and periods of fast growth. We’ll also maintain sufficient cash for attractive M&A that is close to our core capabilities and exceeds our cost of capital. As you know, over the last five years, we’ve returned just over $500 million through stock buybacks when we have excess capital and invested about $530 million in aggregate in Ecotest and Nextest when we determine that we can earn more than our cost of capital with those acquisitions. We believe there will other attractive acquisitions close to our core of smaller size to these two acquisitions. Before I move onto the details of the quarter, I want to clarify our non-GAAP EPS calculations as there has been some confusion. You may recall that when we issued the convert, we entered into a call overlay to reduce dilution. We bought a call on 34.7 million of our shares matching the number of shares embedded in the convert at the convert exercise price of $5.48. We also sold a warrant at $7.67 for the same number of shares 34.7 million, which help offset the cost of the call. These two instruments essentially moved the dilution from our convert from$5.48 a share to $7.67 per share. In our non-GAAP EPS calculation, we include our call option at $5.48. GAAP harbored [ph] does not include our call option in the EPS calculation rather it recognizes only the dilutive components, which is the embedded option in the convert at $5.48 and the warrant we sold at $7.67. Sorry for the long winded explanation, but I thought it was important to explain while we make this adjustment. On the balance sheet, we ended third quarter with gross and marketable securities of $899 million. Our net cash after deducting the $190 million face amount of convertible debt due in 2014 and a $9 million loan in Japan is $700 million. We expect to add approximately $100 million in the fourth quarter to our cash balances. I should add that we also contributed $45 million to our frozen U.S. pension plan to fully fund it in 2010 and we don’t expect the need to make any significant future contributions. As to the end of the third quarter, our U.S. carry forth net operating losses total about $240 million and we have federal tax credits of about $55 million. The third quarter top line of $502 million was up $47 million from the second quarter. Semi test was 448, up $35 million and systems test group was $54 million, up $12 million. Semi Test product shipments increased 10% from a quarter ago and tenfold from a drop in 2009. Then the $205 million, service revenue was $66 million, up $2 million from a quarter ago. Semi test service revenue was $48 million. Total company product turns business was 18% versus 29% a quarter ago. Semi test turns business was 18% versus 29% a quarter ago. Memory revenue was $29 million in the quarter, up from $21 million sequentially. Moving on to P&L, gross margins decreased from 55.9% in the second quarter to 54.9% in the third quarter due to lower sales of written down inventory, higher [inaudible] charges and less favorable product mix. R&D expenses were $50.1 million or 10% of sales compared to $50.4 million or 11.1% of sales in the second quarter. SG&A expenses were $61.1 million or 12.2% of sales compared to $58.3 million or 12.8 of sales in the second quarter. Operating expenses of $111.2 million were up $2.5 million from the second quarter due to variable compensation, offset somewhat by savings elsewhere. On a year-over-year basis, operating expenses were up $27 million, of which $22 million is variable compensation and $5 million is from the restoration of temporary pay cuts. We’ve obviously kept it very firm hand on fixed cost. Our net non-GAAP interest and other expense was $1.4 million. Taxes were $6.7 million in the quarter and benefitted from the full year rate adjustment to 6%. In the third quarter, semiconductor test sales were 89% of the total. System test group was 11%. Our book-to-bill ratio for the second quarter was 0.7 for the overall company, 2.58 for semiconductor tests, and 1.7 for the systems test group. At the end of the quarter, our back log stood at $482 million, of which 79% is scheduled to ship and be recognize as revenue within the next six months. Cash flow from operations totaled approximately $237 million after capital additions. Depreciation and amortization for the third was $32 million including $8 million of stock-based compensation, $7 million for acquired intangible asset amortization, and $2.7 million for amortization of the GAAP imputed debt discount. As noted in the press release, sales for the fourth quarter are expected to be between $300 million and $325 million, and the non-GAAP EPS range is $0.21 to $0.28 on 198 million diluted shares. I should add that this guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles and the non-cash imputed interest on the convertible debt. Our GAAP EPS range is $0.14 to $0.20. The operating profit rate at the midpoint of our fourth quarter guidance is about 16%. Now, moving to the P&L percentages in the fourth quarter, we expect gross margins to be 49 to 50%, R&D should be 16 to 15% and SG&A should be about 18% to 17%. I should quickly add that [inaudible] model in the fourth quarter when you adjust for mixed. Non-GAAP net interest expense is expected to be about $1.7 million. The tax provision should be about $3 million. In summary, our over the cycle model is clearly delivering. We’re well-positioned in good markets and our products are winning.
Andrew Blanchard: Thanks, Greg. Pia, we’d now like to take some questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with Citigroup.
Timothy Arcuri – Citigroup: Hi, guys. A couple of things. If you look at what’s going on with backend tester orders and you look at how strong front end orders are still are. There’s obviously a pretty big digestion happening at the OSAT levels, but foundries continue to really order a lot of equipment. I get that there is this copper gold issue in the bonding world, but why – is there something different going on in the tester world this time why the OSATs would be digesting so much tester capacity and yet front end orders haven’t come down very much. I’m just sort of wondering like in your business if there’s something different this time that’s causing them to digest orders more than they would in the front end.
Mike Bradley: Tim, I know you’ve covered the correlations between front and back end, we’re a little bit more focus on backend and on units because that’s what drives our business. And of course, there’s a lead time difference between different types of equipment. But I don’t think there’s – you know if you look at the pattern here even though it’s a big drop, you know it’s not that different from some of the past cycles if you look back at ‘06 or ‘07 parts where the OSATs lead to move down and aside from the real meltdown of ‘09 or early in the late ‘08, they drop down into the – I don’t know $40ish million of demand. So, for us, it isn’t a – you know it’s dramatic, but it isn’t a different pattern. I don’t know how to speculate on the front end. I’ll let the front end companies do that, but from our perspective, it isn’t – no, it’s quite a drop. But it’s not an unusual one in a business like ours that have such short lead times now.
Timothy Arcuri – Citigroup: Yes, got it. No, it just seems very odd. So, okay. And then I guess last thing for me is that you’re going to have roughly $800 million, it sounds like at the end of the year, cash. And I’m wondering, two questions embedded in this. First of all, what’s the minimum cash you think you need to basically run the business? So, what’s the excess cash balance in there and two, am I correct in sort of interpreting your comments that it sounds like whatever extra cash that is and your more looking at maybe some strategic M&A with that cash. Thanks.
Gregory Beecher: We’re looking at this topic very carefully now Tim. There’s a range that we’re looking at now. It will be higher than where were last time how we thought about cash, but will likely be short of a $1 billion. But at some certain numbers, we’re going to land on before long and then make sure we get that reviewed and we stress test it a bit. So, we’re in that process and we think by the next conference call, we can be much more crisp in terms of how we think about the use of cash. We do also believe that there are some attractive, very close to our core opportunities, not in test but some other very close adjacencies that could be a good fit, if the valuation stars align and at a point like this where we think our valuation is low, we’d be more inclined to use cash. So, we are going to keep a reasonable amount of cash for some attractive acquisitions as well. But again …
Timothy Arcuri – Citigroup: Thanks.
Gregory Beecher: Next call, we can be much more specific as to how we thought about it.
Timothy Arcuri – Citigroup: Got it, guys. Thanks a lot. I appreciate it.
Operator: The next question will come from Krish Sankar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, thanks for taking my question. I have a couple of them. Number one, Mike, if you look at your slowdown in Q4, clearly I mean there’s a huge digestion going on. But in a normal cycle, the OSATs do not tend to have a huge appetite in calendar Q1. Is there any reason to think that’s going to be different this time around? In other words, would this weakness continue into Q1?
Mike Bradley: Krish, I think you’re – I don’t think it’s just OSATs. The seasonal pattern now is the big quarters are Q2 and Q3, if you were in a normal period where you weren’t correcting from a prior downturn. So, I think the point I’d make is this move down, kinds of move the market into about a $500 million quarter arena, which is runs at $2 billion and then you have to add to that is are seasonality that tends to be a little bit softer in Q4 and Q1. So, I do think the betting man wouldn’t say that this has a sharp move up in the winter months. Having said that, I think we’re at a level where the market is below this trend line that it’s been at in terms of annual demand. How it distributes over the quarter, so I think that I’d say that your picture is probably a fair one.
Krish Sankar – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Looking into Q4, I know you guys don’t break it up. But if you had to tell directionally which side your different business are going SOC, Nan, Eagle, HDD and your other assembly disk, can you just help us out with that?
Mike Bradley: The mix of shipments in Q4?
Krish Sankar – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, are they all done or is like one up or versus what?
Gregory Beecher: This is Greg. System test group will be up quite significantly in the fourth quarter and that in part affects the gross margin, guide and suite [ph] we’ve provided. So, systems test group, growing. The Nextest business about flat and then our SOC test businesses including Eagle would be down.
Krish Sankar – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. And then final question, what is the mix of IDM and OSAT in the quarter? Thank you.
Mike Bradley: Yes, this quarter in demand that’s 80 to 20 in Q3. Last quarter, 60 – I think 2/3, 1/3, maybe a little bit less than that, 64 to 36, I think what was we had last time. Is that right, Andy?
Andrew Blanchard: Yes.
Krish Sankar – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, everyone.
Mike Bradley: Yes.
Operator: The next question will come from Mehdi Hosseini with Susquehanna International.
Mehdi Hosseini – Susquehanna International: Thank you. I got a couple of questions. Going back to your prepared remark, should I assume that by the next quarterly conference call we would finally here but a strategic acquisition that you have your eyes on?
Gregory Beecher: Mehdi, this is Greg. No, I would not assume that. What I mean to say is over numerous periods. It may be a three or four-year period. There could be opportunistic attractive M&A situations. I didn’t want to imply it all, but there’s something right in front of us.
Mike Bradley: Just in our cash planning, we have to have operating cash. We have to have M&A cash. We have to have downturn cash, and that’s the breakout that we just want to be sure that we delineate next quarter at this time, how we think about all those pieces.
Mehdi Hosseini – Susquehanna International: Sure. And to follow-up, first, on the memory side, I’m assuming that most uptick in booking is in flash, correct?
Mike Bradley: We don’t break it out Mehdi and having in the last quarter, just because I think it will go up and down.
Mehdi Hosseini – Susquehanna International: Okay.
Mike Bradley: But the – we’ve had a small amount of growth this quarter, bookings at $27 million and the mix between fab and flash.
Mehdi Hosseini – Susquehanna International: Okay.
Mike Bradley: I think there’s some speculation going forward as fab shift, possibly shift more to flash than we would shift with FAS, but we don’t break it out.
Mehdi Hosseini – Susquehanna International: I was just trying to figure out, nine months ago we were expecting DDR3 test booking would pick up by now. It seems like it is not in – has continued to push out. So, what is your latest view on that? And final question, it had to do with the hard disk drive. Most of your customers that have reported quarterly results have talked about continued weakness, so would you attribute these uptick in booking to share gain or is that just your customers buying in anticipation of a pickup next year?
Mike Bradley: Okay. The picture on DDR3, I think I’d agree with you that the amount of buying on the DDR3 final test done has been less. That chart on our website that you’ll see today reflects the overall demand in memory and its inch its way up over the course of the last four quarters, so that the run rate and memory is annualized about $700 million a year. So, a piece of that shortfall between that and the past is that the backend and the DDR3 buying have not been very, very strong. I think I mentioned – I want to just comment that that’s why opening up the probe side, the wafer test side of the DDR3 space important to us. It’s not a lot of volume at this point, but it does open up really the last segment if you think about it in the memory space for us. On the HDD side, as we mentioned in prior calls, the capacity adds this year, we’re pushed from the first half of the year into the second half. We’re seeing that now and we’ve built some backlog up in that business that will ship into 2011. So, there has been a shift in capacity adds in that space and we felt that shift. Now, our position in hard disk drive is pretty much consistent with what we said last quarter and that is that we expanded our product coverage from mobile drives, 2.5 inch drives to enterprise drives and at the same time, we’re getting a beach ahead of the second customer. So, as we look into next year, our objective is to be able to put all that together and the objective is to double our business from the $40 to 60 million annual run rates to twice that. So, that would be shared gains.
Mehdi Hosseini – Susquehanna International: Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question will come from Gary Hsueh with Oppenheimer & Company.
Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Yes. Great, thanks. Just a quick question here from a macro perspective. You brought up a sort of analogy with 2004. But if you look at 2004, there was a similar sharp correction, but it came from (A) much higher tester bitrate levels and (B), much higher database inventory levels for shipped units and yet in this correction, we’re coming off of a much lower tester bitrate and lower inventory levels. I was wondering if you can kind of share, first of all, what you think the tester bitrate is on SOC testers in Q3 and just what the reset level is in terms of stabilization in Q4 and Q1. It’s consistently been around 1%, I’m just wondering if you see any obvious reasons why it should be any lower than 1% in this mid-cycle correction.
Mike Bradley: Look, Gary, we’re a little more sensitive to the annual run rate because we build this company around this mid-cycle performance. I don’t even know if I’d got the quarterly bitrates on it. But the annual rate through this year, we’re eyeing that to be in the 1.4% level, which was about what it was in ‘08, ‘07 was 1.5, so that number I think is probably going to be pretty good for 2010 incorporating this correction, you know Q3 correction which we think others will feel as well. So, is your question what’s that going to look like going forward?
Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Yes. I mean going forward in a typical correction, you sort of bounce around and stabilize at 1%. Is there any sort of near-term cyclical reason why it’s going to go below 1%, anything from a technology or product perspective that would lead you to believe that you know they can drive more efficiency out of testers this time and drive that sort of balance below 1%.
Mike Bradley: I don’t think so, but I wouldn’t be disturbed if it goes below 1% for a short period of time. I think that our picture is that this recovers and gets back – prognosticators are projecting here as a $200 billion SOC IC market. So, taking different bitrates against that, even 1% would give you a $2 billion market. So, I think the range of sort of steady state market, it probably falls in the 2.2 to 2.6 range.
Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Okay. And just kind of more of a near-term question and clarification, you said that there was $120 million pullback in orders from OSAT. Is that pullback a push out or is that pullback a cancellation and was that cancellation both against gross orders that you reported in Q3?
Mike Bradley: No, it was a drop in bookings. The cancellations in the quarter were still very, very low. We haven’t had for some time now, including the Q3 bookings picture a – right off, take off the books orders. I think we’ve operated it around 1% or let below 1% on an ongoing basis and this quarter wasn’t very different from that. I think we’re about 1% in the cancellations. So, even though our lead times have gone out, the backlog has not been populated with double ordering as far as we can see and I think you know as you go into fourth quarter, we would have seen that by now. So, anything that occurred here has been in the nature of a push out and we did have some of that, but it isn’t an overwhelming number. But if you’d look at our backlog that there’s some amount of shipments that are into the first quarter – we might want to explain that a little bit more if there’s a question on that front, but anyway that’s a picture.
Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Okay. Well, let me just ask the question then. What percentage of that $482 million backlog is shippable over the next six months?
Mike Bradley: Hey, that’s a good question. Greg’s got …
Gregory Beecher: That was in my prepared remarks. I think it was 79% …
Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Okay.
Gregory Beecher: I think the …
Mike Bradley: You want to …
Gregory Beecher: Let me comment on backlog. In our backlog, in our systems test group business, it’s about $100 million of backlog that will ship post the fourth quarter and why that this is in our mill arrow business; we do book demand if it’s a funded program up to a year. Our other product businesses will only book orders that are scheduled to ship within six months. So, that’s the mill arrow business that extends over a year. It was also some hard disk drive business that got book that has longer lead time. Some of that will ship into Q1. So, when you add what’s going on system test group, you end up with about $100 million that’s going to ship outside of the fourth quarter. The other thing is, I’m sure you understand that service, service – we got contracts and it’s recognize quite often over a number of quarters, you know four quarters and that’s about $40 to 50 million. Those are the two big pieces in our backlog that aren’t due to be recognize in the fourth quarter.
Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Okay. And just to wrap up my line of questioning real quickly here on the HDD Neptune orders in Q3. You’re seeing into M&A [ph] that they’re related to a new application on the Enterprise HDD side. What sort of the expectation for revenue recognition across those orders?
Gregory Beecher: We said earlier that we thought this year would be 40 to 60 per HDD with our principle focus on one customer and having broken into a second. We will be in that range very heavily, skewed towards the fourth quarter, some of the third. So, that goal will be met and we think next year as Mike said, we should be able to double that revenue. When that revenue hit, that’s hard to say. It tends to be second quarter, could be some in the first quarter, but I’d assume some first, some second, maybe a little in third.
Mike Bradley: But the initial installations have been accepted, which I think is the other part of your questions.
Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from C.J. Muse with Barclays.
Christopher Muse – Barclays Capital: Yes, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I guess first question in terms of lead times for your SOC business. Is it correct that we’re now back to normalize six to eight weeks and not 10 to 12 weeks and that played a role here in kind of the downtick on your order book?
Mike Bradley: Yes.
Christopher Muse – Barclays Capital: Okay. So, from here, we should track to that type of level?
Mike Bradley: I think that’s right. I believe you’ll have a little variation on products when there are intra product line spikes, but that’s a good rule of thumb now.
Christopher Muse – Barclays Capital: Okay. And I know you guys are hesitant to guide on orders, so I guess say what you can say. But I guess the question is is this considering your memory outlook, considering some of the mix shift, presumably helping you with HDD doubling in ‘11 considering the seasonal patterns for test service orders and how that’s usually good for Q1. Do you sit here and think that Q4 is the order trough or do you think that Q1 is a trough?
Mike Bradley: C.J., I’d reiterate what I was saying before; I think it’s going to be hard to call exactly which quarter. But at the rate at which orders are in and whether revenue on the industry is staunch shifted pretty dramatically. I think we’re pretty close to a sustainable level. But as I think Krish said earlier as how would you populate the quarters? A betting man would populate the shipment quarters in – strongest in the post-Q1 period. So, that’s the profile I would describe. I think the other thing I want to keep reminding here is that you know with the model delivering anywhere up to 10 points of bottom line improvement. It really reinforces that as we have these kinds of adjustments we’re not scrambling to disassemble the company. We’re as steady as she goes on the engineering and customer support side.
Christopher Muse – Barclays Capital: Sure.
Mike Bradley: We’ve got a decent performance even at this level.
Christopher Muse – Barclays Capital: Okay. And then I guess on your OpEx model, you talked about I guess some R&D projects that are continuing. I’m curious now how we should think about kind of that incremental move in revenues and implications and incremental moves for OpEx that $2.5 million to 25 million relationship. Has that shifted a bit here as we’re kind of entering a seasonal weak period?
Gregory Beecher: Right now, with R&D, it’s a couple of million higher than where you might expect it to be otherwise there’s some NREs and some instruments that we are working on to be bring to the market. So, there’s a little bit of a bubble here. We’re looking at what’s over the horizon. Now, on the other side, we’ve done a little a bit better on SG&A. So, the SG&A savings have tended to offset the engineering investments. So, we’re still overall within our model with a slightly higher engineering spending. But we’re going to keep an eye on that and see when is the right time to moderate that a bit.
Christopher Muse – Barclays Capital: Is it something we should think about in terms of bonus accruals in Q4 versus Q1 timing wise?
Gregory Beecher: Well, that’s more of a cash issue. We’re accruing the bonuses through each quarter and it can be a little bumpy as I said in my prepared remarks because some programs are annual and your accruing based upon a high annual profit rate, but maybe the profit rate in the fourth quarter is much lower than the rate you’re accruing at. So, in the fourth quarter you’ll have variable comp than you would. Otherwise, kind of an odd way – some of the comp gets spread based upon how gap accounting works.
Christopher Muse – Barclays Capital: Okay.
Gregory Beecher: You see our guidance. So, a bit a little bumpy. So, we knew what the quarter to quarter, you just need to be mindful that how cost get allocated on variable, it’s not tied to that quarter’s profitability. It’s tied to the period of the program.
Christopher Muse – Barclays Capital: Got you. And one last question for me, on the memory front, what were the memory revenues in September?
Gregory Beecher: In September, they were $29 million.
Christopher Muse – Barclays Capital: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
James Covello – Goldman Sachs: Hey, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question, I appreciate it. First question, the $100 million that’s going to – is going to ship outside of Q4, how much again of that did you say would be Q1 and then what’s the margin on that business compared to the corporate average margin?
Gregory Beecher: There is miller arrow [ph] business which is consistent with the corporate average and then there is hard disk, which is I think we’ve talked before that it’s probably 20 points below. I don’t want to – Jim, breakdown hard disk drive because we have a thin customer base.
James Covello – Goldman Sachs: Yes.
Gregory Beecher: So, I want to stay away from that. But when this ships, you know our cost structure should not change any significant way. So, if the relationships are off, we will be very clear to describe, you know is it margin, where we off and why. And obviously, if a chunk of that lower margin business ships and sails or lower in Q1, we don’t know that, but if they are then obviously that has a bigger impact on the margin percent. But we’re fortunate to have that extra business nonetheless.
James Covello – Goldman Sachs: Right. And again, how much of that $100 million, do you think would be Q1 …
Gregory Beecher: Okay.
James Covello – Goldman Sachs: Even if we can’t get the exact breakdown.
Gregory Beecher: I would presume about $30 million.
James Covello – Goldman Sachs: In terms of – I heard what you said about you think that the Nan test business is going to be driven by Nan capacity expansion, which makes sense. We’ve talked before on this call about the DDR3 test. Is that going to be more driven by speed increases or capacity increases or some combination of both, where do you think you stand on that?
Mike Bradley: Well, it’s a shading. I remember your question from this quarter, so not to disappoint you with saying the same thing. It feels to us like it’s a bit more connected to capacity than it is to speed. But since there hasn’t been that much additional buying in the space, that’s indicative that as the speed grades, as the production of higher speeds goes up, the stretching of the existing install base continues. So, I think the bigger bump as a betting man would come from the capacity as is in the future. But it will still be from both sides, but slight ring in the direction of the capacity.
James Covello – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then final question for me on the cash, when you think about the business that you need the cash you need to run the business, are you thinking more of gross cash or net cash there? In other words are you comfortable carrying some debt sort of sustainably or when you really think about the excess cash in your business is that really just a net cash?
Gregory Beecher: We look at it both ways, Jim. We look at it because to convert matures in 2014 and last time we got a convert, the market was shot down six months before. So, we look at it both ways.
Mike Bradley: Thanks, Jim.
James Covello – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question will come from David Duly [ph] with Steel Head.
David Duly – Steel Head: Yes. Could you talk a little bit? I noticed you have long-term deferred revenue in customer advance line item that’s fairly substantial now at $82 million and I also noticed that cash flow entry of $138 million. Could you just talk about what that’s about?
Gregory Beecher: Okay. We have more than one customer who has some plan buying out in the future and as part of a larger contract negotiation, we received cash up front. We’ve done this in the past by the way, if you look back to our balance sheet at the beginning of the year, you’ll see some large balances there, they’re good than prior balance sheets. So, you know, customers are earning so little on their cash. They’re more willing to part with their cash earlier and obviously, it gives a little more flexibility. So, it’s all part of a multi-period strategic deal. So, this will happen now and then and this is – the cash really is one small element to a bigger deal.
David Duly – Steel Head: I don’t recall you having a longer-term one which would imply that the customers have given you money beyond a year period of time. So …
Gregory Beecher: It’s when does the customer expect to take shipments. So, for some of these cash payments, we haven’t put all the orders in backlog because we estimate what will the take in the next see months. So, our backlog is filled with what we’ll ship in six months. The cash can be greater than that and then if based upon their plans, we estimate what will be within a year and post year. I think we’ve had long-term in the past. I’ll go back and check, but I think we’ve had similar circumstance.
David Duly – Steel Head: I just don’t recall an $80 million balance there. So, what that means is customers have you given you advance payment for equipment and they’re going to take some of the equipment in the near-term and that’s classified as a short term liability and the stuff that’s beyond six months classified as a long-term liability.
Gregory Beecher: Yes, yes, it really secures there position in our slot plan.
David Duly – Steel Head: And how did you book the orders?
Gregory Beecher: For bookings purposes, we only put in to our backlog, orders that we expected to ship within the next six months, which is much smaller than the total amount of advance payments we received.
David Duly – Steel Head: Well, yes, that would – so the $81 million long-term, obviously, hasn’t been book as in order to that would [inaudible] …
Gregory Beecher: Correct. You are correct.
David Duly – Steel Head: I wanted to understand that. And one other thing, is historically for Teradyne, isn’t it pretty typical for the OSAT business to turn off pretty dramatically if they’re facing more than one quarter of sequential decline in revenue or flat revenue?
Mike Bradley: Yes, they have a faster trigger finger and as a result, they move down very rapidly. So, I didn’t go all the way back to ‘04, but you’d see that in ‘06 and you’d see that in ‘07. So, it’s typically and I’m taking typically to mean other than end of 2008, it’s typically done in one or two quarters where that moves takes place.
David Duly – Steel Head: Right.
Mike Bradley: And the baseline number back in ‘06 got into the $40 million range, a little bit higher than that in ‘07 and this time, it’s moved down into the $40 million range. So, while the drop was bigger this time …
David Duly – Steel Head: You gave us the same.
Mike Bradley: Yes, nothing to hope that that’s the floor. But having said that it’s the kind of variation you get in one quarter could be different from that, but I think that’s a reasonable pattern.
David Duly – Steel Head: Okay. One final thing for me, inside your SOC business as far as the incoming order rates and the future revenue projections, were all the segments weak as the forecast projects or we’re let’s say my controller strong or it’s high performance analog. Any signs of – any sectors that did hold off in the down draft?
Mike Bradley: The simplest way to think of it is everything moved down a step, so that the strength that we’ve had in the past in the power management, in the RF mobile application hyper controller [inaudible] ups and downs in other places, but I think the pattern of that kind of movement would be the way to think about it. Obviously, memory was counted to that as memory has moved up ever so slightly, but it did it again, you know the headwinds of SOC. So, it’s been somewhat positive, but it’s the weight class is not high enough at this point.
David Duly – Steel Head: Okay, thanks.
Gregory Beecher: Yes.
Operator: The next question will come from Patrick Ho with Stifel Nicolaus.
Patrick Ho – Stifel Nicolaus & Co.: Thanks a lot. Can you just – I lost a little bit of your commentary right there about the 3Q ‘10 market trends and I think from what I heard it sounded like everything moved down. Was there anything incremental, I guess of a surprise then more than any other?
Mike Bradley: No, it was pretty proportional. I’m looking at it – the one that was really very, very strong in the first half of the year of those three, you know power management, wireless and microcontroller. Microcontroller, even though it wasn’t the largest had the biggest step up and that what drove some of the J750 products into the market, over 500 of those over the last few quarters. So, it came down, probably came down a bit more than the others. But they still, those three segments lead the way. If you put those altogether each one of those segments for us is a $200 million plus piece of business. That’s why I was saying at the beginning that in terms of the market segment we’re writing we feel very good about the market segment movement and the growth in those segments and our relative position in them, but they all did move down.
Patrick Ho – Stifel Nicolaus & Co.: Okay, great. And just a little bit of color on those trends, did a lot of this downticks happened late in the quarter or was there just a steady progression as the September quarter progressed?
Mike Bradley: Actually, the first signs of the downtick were August based, kind of mid-August. Because as we were in this call one quarter ago, I commented that the vast majority of the customer interactions are still pulling in. And as we got in the August timeframe, where in some regions in the world do go quiet, but the other ones did start to signal this move and they did it through both starting to relax on the slot management holding what they were doing and that translated into bookings going down and to some amounts of push outs. The push outs wasn’t nearly as big as the bookings decline. But it was a mid-August phenomenon.
Patrick Ho – Stifel Nicolaus & Co.: Okay, great. Just go to the business model, I think there is a lot of resiliency in it now. How flexible and how fast can you ramp up and down your supply chain to keep the margin profile at this kind of relative healthy levels? What are the key levers involve there?
Gregory Beecher: Well, you can look in the rear view mirror and you can see what we’ve been able to do. We’ve been able to go from – last quarter was 502, before that – two quarters before that was 330 and the gross margins were very healthy as high as they’ve ever been. So, we feel really good about the model and our outsourcing manufacturing with our extended partners that are out there working very closely with us. The issue you have in all these rims, which we battle through, was material part [inaudible]. It’s never our ability to configure the system and get it to the customer, there are parts shortages and that was in part because 2008 and ‘09 was such a nuclear winter. A lot of companies really shutdown their operations or moved operations and things had to be re-qualified.
Mike Bradley: To give you some magnitude on it, we all remember the Q1 of ‘09 that was double digits, 40ish kind of systems ship. But in the middle of this ramp, from Q1 to Q3, we went from over $350 system units in semiconductor test ship to over $650 ship. So, even with all these parts and supply line issues we’ve had, with the foot on the gas pedal was able to really deliver quite a steep ramp. So, we think we’re capable of doing that. We welcome the opportunity to do it again obviously. But we’re able to do it pretty sharp.
Patrick Ho – Stifel Nicolaus & Co.: Right. Final question on my end on the HDD test, the bookings that you got this quarter, can you just give a little color if that was a single customer or multiple customers?
Mike Bradley: I can’t do it with a breakdown. The thing I would say and I think I said this at the last call, I can’t recall. As we move into ‘11, it will tend to be a multiple customer environment. While it is already multiple customers, it’s not – its unbalance at this point. But in 2011, it will multiple applications and multiple customers.
Patrick Ho – Stifel Nicolaus & Co.: Great, thanks a lot.
Andrew Blanchard: And Pia, we have time for just one more call, please.
Operator: Yes, sir. The final question will come from Atif Malik with Morgan Stanley.
Atif Malik – Morgan Stanley: Hi, thanks for squeezing me in as always. Question on, you know if I look at the semiconductor commentary this quarter, smartphones, tablets, really strong. Texas Instruments really [ph] talked about analog and microcontroller weakness. So, where there any hear [ph] lost issues or are your exposure to smartphones is weaker that’s making the revenue decline or the bookings decline a lot sharper than most expected?
Mike Bradley: Atif, I’ll say something that’s probably politically incorrect and that is there are always wins and losses and that’s why we look at the net gain position. But in all the skirmishes, there’s always some that we’re able to prevail on and there’s always some that leak away from us. The monitor on this thing is the market share shift. Now, I think this year, what’s important about this year because it’s a dramatically different share growth picture. There are two or three components, there’s the design in net win situation. If you said we went from the low 40s to the high 40s, about a third of that is just straight net gains from that wins and loss side of it. The second thesis, sometimes customers buy more than other customers do, so there’s maybe a temporary phenomenon. And then, the third one is that if you’re riding the hot segments then those segments grow more and that becomes real share gain overtime. That is why even though the number suggest we’re 50%, we take that second piece the one of asynchronous buying and put that aside and say that might not go on forever. But from a real socket win standpoint and from a real sub-share in the mobile communications and microcontrollers and power management, automotive, in those areas, those share ships by our customers, I think are real and we’re on the strong horses there. So, net [ph] we are gaining, we have been over the last few years. The numbers are clear on that front and we think this is a unique year because some of the phenomena in markets that we’ve been riding are amplifying the socket winds that we’ve had.
Atif Malik – Morgan Stanley: Thanks. And another one, do you see the analog and microcontroller market as $200 million plus next year? Do you think this year was a kind of a catch-up year?
Mike Bradley: Well, it really – this year as it comes to $2.6 to 2.7 billion, I think if the market goes back down to 2.2 or 2.4, then there’ll be an adjustment down in many segments. Our view of the long-term growth, if you thought about it in terms of how much testers, what share of testers would these market segments command, we think that the gaining segments mobile in RF, we think goes from where it’s in the ‘teens now, high ‘teens to the low twenty’s. We think microcontroller and automotive go from single high digits, maybe 9% up almost to the mid ‘teens, 14%. So, those two together, we think take about 8 points of the markets that they didn’t have before. At the same time, microprocessors and graphics and chipsets, we think those because of the high digital content are more susceptible to the structural test DFT techniques and so that compression, we think that pushes that segment from what’s already today is high ‘teens, 18ish% down into the low ‘teens. So, I don’t know what to say exactly next year, but I think the way our strategy is lined up is to play the trends that I just described.
Atif Malik – Morgan Stanley: Right, thanks.
Andrew Blanchard: Okay, folks. We’re out of time. Thank you so much for joining. We look forward to talking with you in the coming weeks and we’ll see you next time on this call.
Gregory Beecher: Thank you.
Mike Bradley: Bye-bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mike Bradley - Chief Executive Officer Greg Beecher - Chief Financial Officer Andy Blanchard - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs Raj Seth - Cowen & Company Krish Sankar - Bank of America–Merrill Lynch Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer & Co. Daniel Galzuke - Unidentified Company Olga Vincent - Barclays Capital Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus Gus Richard - First Albany Corporation Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good morning, my name is Rebecca and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q1, 2010 earnings conference call. All lines placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to our host Andy Blanchard, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Blanchard, now you may begin.
Andrew Blanchard: Good morning everyone and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne’s most recent financial results. I am joined this morning by our Chief Executive Officer, Mike Bradley; and our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher. Following opening remarks, we will provide details of our performance for the first quarter of 2010 as well as our outlook for the second quarter. First, I’d like to address several administrative issues. The press release containing our most recent financial results was sent out via the business wire last evening. Copies are available on our website or by calling Teradyne’s corporate relations office at 978-370-2221. This call is being simultaneously webcast at www.teradyne.com. Note that during this call, we are providing slides on the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion. To view them simply access the investor page of the site and click on live webcast. In addition, replays of this call will be available via the investor’s page of teradyne.com about 24 hours after the call ends. The replays will be available along with the slides through May the 14th. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne’s results to differ materially from management’s current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release as well as our most recent SEC filings for a complete description. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today’s call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We have posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure where available on our website. To view them, go to the investor page and click on GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation link. Also, you may want to note that between now and our next conference call, Teradyne will be participating in the Credit Suisse Electronic Supply Chain Conference on May 12, in Boston, Cowen’s 38th Annual Technology Media & Telecom Conference, on June 2 and 3 in New York and UBS Global Technology and Services Conference on June 10 in New York, And Eric May Luncheon’s in New York and Boston on June 3 and 23 respectively. Now lets get on with the rest of the agenda. First our CEO, Mike Bradley will review the state of the company and the industry in the first quarter and will review our outlook for the second quarter. Then our CFO, Greg Beecher will review details on our quarterly financial performance along with our guidance for the second quarter. We will then answer your questions. For scheduling purposes you should note that we intend to end this call after one hour. Mike.
Mike Bradley: Thanks Andy. Good morning everyone, thank you for joining us on the call this morning. We are off to a strong start to 2010 with a very solid first quarter and increased revenue on profit guidance for the second quarter. It’s been an exceptional start for the year in three respects. First our SOC test product line up is seeing increase in demand across a wide array of customers in technology segments. Second, the business model we’ve shaped in the last two years is delivering markedly improved performance, and third this performance is being achieved without a strong rebound in the memory test markets so far, which means that we should have another contributor once that market gets moving. I’ll asked Greg to focus on the financial model comparisons in his comments, but I would like to expand on what’s behind our bookings and sales numbers for the first half of the year. As you saw on our press release, we logged $534 million in bookings in the first quarter, up over $230 million from the Q4 total of $303 million. Semi Test led the way up about $200 million sequentially and totaling $460 million in the quarter, the highest Semi Test total in ten years. System test group orders which include our defense automotive commercial board test and hard disk drive test units saw their own healthy order surge up above 85% from the fourth quarter, driven mostly by disk drive and commercial board test. Since many of these businesses and system tests have longer lead time profiles, you’ll see much of that revenue flow through starting in the third quarter, but back to semiconductor tests. There are a number of things contributing to our strong showing; first of all the utilization remains very high in our leading edge products. Device unit volumes are increasing and the appetite for testers that are for high performance and high productivity is on the rise. During the downturn, many older generation testers were permanently decommissioned, and as the market has recovered customers are buying new capability for the future rather than bringing old testers back in production. We’ve seen evidence of this in our higher end in our UltraFLEX system sales where more than half of the testers ordered in the first quarter included new options were introduced since mid 2008. We had record demand for the J750 with over 150 units ordered, over a third of which were for the new J750EX. The EX improves throughput and doubles the 750’s operating frequency giving customers better economics and additional performance headroom for the micro-controller and wafer sort application. The Eagle ETS88 introduced early last year, targeting the very cost sensitive segment of the analog market, also had record bookings in the quarter. The lead technology segments driving the first quarter’s strong demand were wireless, power management and our continued resurgence in micro-controller tests which had started to pick up in the fourth quarter and continued to expand throughout this first quarter. But in addition to these lead segments, there has been renewed customer demand in a wide variety of applications where we provide test solutions, from network components, to network and server class processors, to digital TV and mobile internet devices. The only SOC segments that remain subdued are the image sensor and LCD driver segments, but even without them we are seeing robust buying across all other markets. As I mentioned earlier, the memory test market is not on the same recovery trajectory as SOC. Nevertheless, we’ve seen our best results in the last two years, but in the context of a market that is only slowly starting to increase CapEx outlays. Both our Magnum products for low speed memory test and our UltraFLEX-M for high-speed memory saw sequential order increases in the quarter, but in comparison to SOC, the memory market is still lagging. I would like to spend a couple of more minutes on the first quarter Semi Test numbers from a competitive perspective. We had an outstanding quarter of design wins in Q1 logging over 30 contestant socket wins across SOC and memory. Half of these came from the Nextest, Eagle and the high-speed memory products, and half from the SOC portfolio we had prior to our acquisitions. So we are very pleased with the market breadth of our product offerings and with the ability of our field organization to sell and support this broad portfolio into new applications. In particular, the combination of Eagle’s lower cost platform with our Asian distribution footprint making an impact in the market. Finally, let me address the likely questions around sustainability. Clearly, this past quarter has been exceptional, both in the breadth of the demand and in the leverage that we get in our P&L from the business model. Out of the demand comes from the return of capital for the test sector after two years of very low buy rates, and part comes from the tool in for the future with next generation performance buying, but even with the strong momentum across the market, the two and three year buy rates remain historically low. So rather than speculate on exactly where we are on a cycle, let me instead emphasize how much leverage exists in our model, how strong the drop-through on revenue growth is, how much we are committed to holding our fixed costs and check as we grow our market presence. Now let me turn it over to Greg for some added depth on the numbers for the first half of this year.
Greg Beecher: Thanks Mike and good morning everyone. In addition to providing a detailed review of first quarter results and second quarter guidance, I’d also like to expand on our earnings growth from the last cycle and our leverage on our business model going forward. Starting with the first quarter recap, we delivered a 21% non-GAAP operating profit on sales of $330 million. This resulted in non-GAAP EPS of $0.33, $0.07 over the top end of our first quarter guidance. Our first quarter non-GAAP EPS of $0.33 is already well above last cycles second quarter 2008 peak earnings per share of $0.16 without significant contributions from our new market entries in memory and hard disk drive test. Second quarter sales are predicted to be $390 to $420 million and non-GAAP earnings per share is expected to be $0.45 to $0.52 per share. For the second quarter, we expect a non-GAAP operating profit rate of 25% to 27%, which would be the highest operating profit rate in ten years. This non-GAAP EPS guidance is also about three times higher than the last cycle’s quarterly peak earnings, again with only modest contributions in the new market offerings. On the top line, we are clearly benefiting from our broad SOC test product coverage. The SOC unit recovery that has started in the third quarter of 2009 has spread out to almost all the right segments, with power management, micro-controller and wireless being the strongest. The breadth of the SOC market coverage, combined with our strong market share gains, is driving our second quarter revenue guidance up approximately 25% over our last cycle’s peak quarterly revenue. Our Semi Test business achieved a non-GAAP operating profit of approximately 26% in the first quarter on sales of $290 million despite only moderately increasing CapEx and memory tests. SOC totaled 95% of the revenues and memory was 5%. In the first quarter, our systems test group lost money due to anticipated lows in hard disk drives and lower [ph] demands. With that said, we expect a strong second half in 2010 for a systems test group. Stepping back though for a moment, we recognize there are questions on exactly where we are on a CapEx cycle, but our focus is on maintaining the right fixed cost structure to achieve our model profitability or better over the cycle. You will recall that we said that our fixed cost structure so that when the annualized SOC test market is about two billion, we generate 15% or better operating profits. Over the last four years ended in 2009, the SOC test market has averaged about $2.5 billion. So we feel that two billion is prudent market size to plan for a mid cycle profitability. Equally important, is that our earnings leverage, when the SOC market is above two billion or if we gain a few additional points of SOC share, is very attractive as about $0.50 or more of the incremental sales drops to our operating profits. Well, there are a host of other assumptions in the model. The major factor remains the size of the SOC test markets, given our greater than 40% and growing share. The other important aspect of our model is that we have sized the company so that our new adjacencies, hard disk drive and high-speed memory are upside rather than base requirements to achieving model profitability. So, in this first half, you are seeing the earnings leverage in our model during the SOC market upturn and we expect more contributions from our new market entries in the second half. On the cost side of the ledger, we plan on keeping a tight rein on fixed costs and maintaining our head counts at about 2900. We are doing some selective hiring, mostly in the distribution arena and are utilizing some contract talents in strategic product development areas. Moving now to the supply side, we’ve made good and steady progress in ramping all products. Our main test product demand nearly doubled in two quarters with some models seeing more than ten-fold growth, an astonishing reflection of the inherent volatility in the industry. In spite of the surge, we were able to keep our SOC test lead times in the first quarter to an average of about ten weeks. So overall, while we’ve done well in gathering components and expediting materials, we remain in a war room mentality until we are back down to a single digit weekly times. On the balance sheet we entered the first quarter with gross cash of about $533 million, of which $8.5 million came from operations after capital additions. We expect to end the second quarter with about $610 million in cash and marketable securities. Our carry forward and operating losses totaled about $295 million and we have federal tax credits for about $55 million. We expect our 2010 tax rate to be closer to 10%, than the 15% estimate that we provided earlier. We posted some slides on our website that provide details and expected performance at different sales, levels and mix and include some historical comparisons. This is important as mix can have a significant impact. We’ve also included information on the compatible debt delusion, which again we plan to pay off the principal in cash in 2014 until the optional element with net shares. Now moving to the first quarter results, the top line of $330 million was up $63 million from the fourth quarter. Semi Test was $290 million, up $92 million and system test group was $40 million, down $29 million. System Test product shipments increased 55% from a quarter ago. Within the $330 million, service revenue was $61 million, up $4 million from a quarter ago. Semi Test service revenue was $44 million. Total company product turns business was 37% versus 30% a quarter ago. Semi Test product turns business was 39% versus 35% a quarter ago. Memory revenue was $16 million in the quarter, down from $18 million sequentially. Moving down to P&L, non-GAAP gross margins increased from 48.2% in the fourth quarter to 52.6% in the first quarter due to mix and higher volume. R&D expenses were $49.1 or 14.9% of sales compared to $40.9 or 15.3% of sales in the fourth quarter. SG&A expenses were $55.9 million or 17% of sales compared to $51.5 million or 19.3% of sales in the fourth quarter. Operating expenses of a $105 million were up $12.5 million from the fourth quarter primarily due to variable compensation and some added engineering spend for new products. Our net non-GAAP interest and other expense was $2.5 million, taxes were $4.8 million in the quarter. Our headcount totaled 2,900. In the first quarter semiconductor test sales were 88% of the total and the System Test group was 12%. Our book-to-bill ratio for the first quarter was 1.62 for the overall company, 1.59 for semiconductor test and 1.84 for the Systems Test group. At the end of the quarter our backlogs stood at $577 million, of which 89% is scheduled to ship within the next six months. Cash flow from operations totaled approximately $8.5 million after capital additions, depreciation and amortization for the first quarter was $34 million, including $8 million of stock based compensation, $7 million for acquired intangible asset amortization and $2.5 million for amortization of the GAAP imputed debt discount. As noted in the press release, sales for the second quarter are expected to be between $390 million and $420 million and the non-GAAP EPS range is $0.45, $0.52 and 200 million diluted shares. I should add that the guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangible and the non-cash imputed interest on the convertible debt. Our GAAP EPS range is $0.33 to $0.40. The operating profit rate at the mid point of our second quarter guidance is above 26.5% and I’d like to point out, but the last time we were at this level of profitability our sales were $641 million or $236 million higher, this was in the third quarter of 2000. Now moving to the P&L percentages in the second quarter; we expect gross margins to be about 53%, R&D should be about 13% and SG&A should be about 14%. Non-GAAP net interest is expected to be about $2.2 million, the tax provision should be about $10 million. In summary our model is delivering, end-markets are improving, our designing in momentum is very robust and the product portfolio is at strongest in many years. Now I will turn the call back over to Andy.
Andrew Blanchard: Thanks Greg. Rebecca we’d now like to take some questions.
Operator: Your first question will come from the line Jim Covello.
Jim Covello – Goldman Sachs: Good morning guys. Thanks so much for taking the question, and congratulations on the terrific results. I guess the first question would be and you alluded to it a little bit, but if you could go into it in a little more detail. Your sort of the timing between the very significant order number, obviously your orders are much, much higher in revenues. The timing for how we think about that turning into shipments and revenues, and again I know you alluded to it a little bit, but if you can get a little more granular there that would be great. Thank you.
Greg Beecher : Jim hi this is Greg. Thank you for the congratulations. You can see in our guidance of about $400 million thereabouts, there is some backlog that’s been build. Some of the backlog has to do with a new product that acceptance is required a significant amount, and we are assuming that acceptance occurs in the third quarter, we will start shipping that product in the second quarter, but some of it is just due to the timing of when you can recognize revenue with a new product.
Jim Covello – Goldman Sachs: The traditional SAB101 sort of requirements?
Greg Beecher : Yes, yes.
Jim Covello – Goldman Sachs: You think the Q3 revenue would be sort of, clean if you will relative to what the backlog would look like. In other words we should expect a pretty reasonable revenue quarter relative to the orders that we saw in this most recent quarter?
Greg Beecher: That’s what we are assuming at this point. I think that’s a fair assumption.
Jim Covello – Goldman Sachs: And then, you have the slide up in the westbound which is very helpful relative to where we are in SOC, it has three months moving average bookings and we are obviously still well below the last cycle peak, but up off the bottom, but as you alluded to in memory test, we are still really nowhere. What do you think is going to be the kicker to get people moving in that segment? Do they have to add the capacity first on the front end which we are now starting to see, and then they will make the tester orders or is there another dynamic?
Greg Beecher: Well it’s all tied to unit volume Jim, and I think that the major thing that we’ve seen in this cycle has been the heavy reuse of the existing equipment. As you know the by rate by rate in memory has traditionally been about 50% higher than it has been in SOC. So in the downturn there has really been extra capacity there and that part of the industry is just focused more and more on trying to reuse the existing equipment as that gets loaded here, as growth in unit volumes go up that will trigger some buying, but as you can see from that chart I think its up off the bottom, but if you annualize those numbers its still well below any of the last five years.
Jim Covello – Goldman Sachs: Sure. Maybe final question for me on that, obviously we are starting to finally thankfully see some capacity buying take place in the front end on the memory side. Do you think really that has to get installed before, we are going to the point where we are at a full utilization on the existing back end equipment, or do you think we could even see some buying in the memory sector before we get that incremental capacity up and running?
Greg Beecher: I think you’ll see some buying. I don’t think that this rate that the memory CapEx is reflecting now in that chart that we show there will stay flat, think it will go up. It’s very tough to call the slope though.
Jim Covello – Goldman Sachs: Terrific, thanks so much. Congratulations again.
Greg Beecher: Thank you.
Michael Bradley: I’d let to add one think Jim, as the speeds go up in high speed memory we think that will likely trigger some greater buying, but that’s more of a second half of the year story.
Jim Covello – Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Raj Seth.
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company: Thank you. A couple quick ones, is your expectation of better HDD in the second half still driven by that one customer? Can you update us on where you are with other customers there? Mike, you talked about gaining share on SOC, perhaps you can talk a little bit about where it is within SOC, you think you are gaining share and sort of what the rate of share increase feels like to you at this point.
Greg Beecher : Raj, first on the HDD side, that’s a second half story from a revenue standpoint for us. As we talked about last quarter have an effort underway to expand to more than one customer, we are in the evaluation process to try to do that. I would think about that as also, obviously a second half story if we are successful on that. So that’s our objective and we hope to be able to deliver on something on that in the second half of this year. On the share side, let me put it in perspective over the last few years. In SOC if we go back three or four years we were mid-30s in share and moved that up in ‘08 to just over 40% and held our share position in 2009 around 41% share in SOC. Now, we think that, and it’s on a much smaller, obvious on a much smaller test market of about $1.3 million. We are pretty optimistic that we are going to gain some ground this year, how much I’m not sure, but the hold at 41% last year was done without much real contribution from the microcontroller segment, from the image sensor segment, from the digital wafer probe segment. So holding last year was actually in retrospect to pretty good accomplishment. So, we are hopeful we can get a couple of points share this year, but we won’t know that until we have a few quarters under our belt.
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company: And the share that you talk about this year, would it come from those areas that you just mentioned, micro controllers, image sensors, etc. Is that primarily where you think the share gains are, or is that elsewhere do you see a meaningful movement?
Mike Bradley: We don’t think about share gains from a market segment shift standpoint. In other words if image sensor comes back, that’s just a recovery of a segment, if you think about it from a designing standpoint we are very pleased with the momentum we had this first quarter and we think that’s what builds the real long term market share story. If you look at where that came; that was led in power management, in terms of socket wins, some microcontroller wins, automotive base stand. It really covers a lot of different segments, but the one’s mentioned...
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company: And just a quick follow-up, in RF what’s the trend like? In RF you’ve got a competitor that implied they’ve been gaining share from you. What’s your view there?
Mike Bradley: From the outside world, we are still north of 60% in share through 2009. Obviously the quarterly battles and the socket battles go on, but we think our momentum is quite good. The UltraWave product is out between a 150 and 200 units, I think close to 200 units from a booking standpoint. So we feel like we are on pretty good ground on that front and from a socket standpoint we do well.
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company: Thank you, nice quarter.
Mike Bradley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Krish Sankar.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking my question. First question is on a gross margin guidance seems to be flat in such a strong revenue improvement. Is it fair to assume that one of the business that seems to be slowing as the analog business?
Greg Beecher: No, I wouldn’t assume that. What happened in the first quarter is we had favorable mix, so we are little bit higher than we would normally expect and in the second quarter we are assuming a more normal mix. The other thing that is happening, it’s just the simple math as the sales get higher, the incremental drop through moves the percentages less as the numbers get bigger. So it’s those two things that are happening and to be at 53%, this level of sales is consistent with our model.
Krish Sankar – Bank of America–Merrill Lynch: Okay, and just to touch on the market shares for SOC. If I just take your 1Q and 2Q run rate for the SOC business for a $2 billion year. If you try to extrapolate it we might end up at a 50% market share, unless there is some slow down in the second half. Is that a fare enough way to look at it, assuming you go from a 41% to 45%. Still those are going to be some kind of a slowdown, because this run rate is probably a little too aggressive.
Michael Bradley: I think if you make the denominator that small, the only way you can translate it is into very high share gain for us. So we are not leading with that story. We think there is share gain that will be embedded in our performance in 2010. The way we think about it is that obviously the first quarter has been very strong. The first half of the year for us will be strong, and our short-term expectation here from a customer-by-customer standpoint is that there is still an appetite to continue to add. If you took it at the other end of the spectrum and said “Well, how large could the market be?” If you put a $3 billion market and through SOC and you might be gulping as I say that, because that sounds high historically, but if you put a $3 billion market in, you still have a three year cycle here that is lower than the prior two three years. So the productivity and the buy rates continue to go down, and if you don’t mind me giving the numbers, the buy rate in the first three years and the last nine would be 2.1%, and the middle three years 1.8%, and then even if I embed a $3 billion market, which is not in my view out of the realm of possibility for this year, because of the correction and because of all of the leading technology that’s being developed by our customers, you still move that buy rate down to 1.4%. So it really hasn’t rocked the boat so much to have that kind of year, that kind of market performance. If we do that, our market share moves up less than you describe, but its still a good move on market shares.
Krish Sankar – Bank of America–Merrill Lynch: That was very helpful, and just a final question. Did you give the split of the post side in IDM?
Michael Bradley: I don’t think we did, but we can. The split is -- you are asking for bookings or sales.
Greg Beecher: Both.
Michael Bradley: I will give you on the bookings side; the OSAT’s are 36%, last quarter 32. We will insert that answer on the fly here as Greg digs it out. Go ahead. Next question and Krish, I’ll come back to you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Satya Kumar.
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you could give some color on the order patterns in Q1. What was the linearity of the order intake? Was it uniform or was there a rush towards the end of the quarter. I am just trying to get a sense of what’s the risk of those double ordering going on.
Michael Bradley: Satya, we’ll come right back to that. The trajectory of orders was -- the thing that’s set out in the first quarter was that the trajectory of orders continued up in terms of a funnel forecast through the quarter, but it did not have anything exceptional with back end rush. If anything, it was stead all the way through, but all consistent up through the quarter. The between the lines question or the thing you asked is double ordering. Maybe I can answer it this way. Of the top 20 flex customers, just as an anecdote, the top 20 flex customers, 80% of those customers bought in the first quarter, and we see them coming back in about the same rate in the second quarter. So if there were double ordering, I don’t think we’d see that breadth of continued demand.
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: Are you saying that they are coming back at the same rate for orders or in terms of deliveries?
Michael Bradley: No, I was just talking about the breadth of participation. I can’t make a call here as to whether they’ll order more or less; obviously they ordered a lot in the first quarter, but the sign of a return for incremental ordering from a broad set of customers I think is one indication that there is not likely any double ordering. And we are very careful as we work with customers, as we are trying to populate a slot plan here that we don’t have double ordering, that you might see in all sense.
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: You mentioned your lead times are 10 weeks on average for SOC. Can you remind us what is normal and when do you expect to get back to normal.
Greg Beecher: This is Greg. Normal for us would probably be six to eight weeks and it can obviously vary quiet a bit depending upon how many systems in the configuration, but six to eight I would say is normal, and last quarter you it was about 10. I think something during this quarter end we’ll probably work our way back to 10 or under 10 by the end of the quarter.
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: Okay, and can you help me understand specifically on J750. How long are the lead times. There are some market participants I think as high as five or six months. How big is J750 sensitive to the part of the mix for you guys, and is there an opportunity for competitors as they share in that segments participated by J750 because of the lead-time?
Greg Beecher: Satya, I think it’s very common when there is a big drive on a product for competitors to say there is a window of opportunity that they can get in. Honestly, we haven’t seen a lot of that. We are expanding the capacity very dramatically to keep our lead times in check. The 750 lead times are amongst the highest that we have got, but they are now coming down, and as we get through this quarter, we will see lead times in the third quarter that will be lower than they are in Q2, independent of volume; because we are going to be in triple digits of shipments of that product.
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: Is there any sense of how much the 750 is as part of the semi business?
Greg Beecher: What percentage it is of our business?
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: Yes.
Greg Beecher: We don’t have that. From a unit standpoint it’s obviously bigger than dollars, but if we can dig that out as we talk here, we will insert that.
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: Okay, and lastly on memory. I agree that the buy rate probably needs to go up, and there is some equipment reuse happening in used equipment as well. I guess that’s sort of getting used up. I was wondering though, if you look at it from a little bit more of a longer term perspective, is there a structural change that is happening in the way chip companies are testing memory; whether its more wafer level testing or using certain ECC or other features in NAN flash for example, to lower the amount of testing they do; the best part, they don’t really need more testing. Can you help me understand the way the productivity is working out for the chip companies?
Greg Beecher: All of those techniques are being applied, because the memory customers are looking at the CapEx rate and memory relative to SOC and they are seeing that even with greater variety SOC, the SOC market has had a more productive test asset. So they are driving a variety of techniques. Many of the ones that you described are in place, and then there is a group force thing on making sure the utilization is just pushed and pushed. I think the way that I would approach this is to say, what if the market in memory has been north of $1 billion in the number of years in the last five or six years, so the way we model it is we say, if it gets back -- and right now I think its running at about annualized, running at about a $300 million rate, up from $200 million last year. So if it’s a $500 million market and we are trying to get a 20% share, that’s $100 million for us. If it works its way incrementally back up to $1 billion, our hope is that we could have 20% plus in that environment. So rather than call exactly how big the market is, which we have sized an investment and we have got two product lines that are attacking that, that we hope to be able to deliver between $100 million and $200 million business, depending upon how that market does shape up.
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: Well thank you so much, and congratulations on a terrific quarter.
Greg Beecher: Thank you.
Michael Bradley: To follow-up on your earlier question, the J750 in the first quarter was 13% of semi-test sales, or 11% of total company sales in the first quarter.
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: Excellent, thanks once again.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Gary Hsueh.
Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer & Co.: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I was just wondering if you could guys talk a little bit about the end market, bookings heading north of $500 million. Not to be too simplistic about this, but the last time that happened was in 2004 and there is an inventory correction in the second half. Now granted we are talking about buy rates that are considerably lower, but could you just give us anecdotally how this year looks and feels, and maybe how that looks and feels differently from 2004, and what the buy rate is I guess, just to kind of reset what my expectation is in Q1 in SOC.
Greg Beecher: We have got the quarterly buy rates here. I will talk for a minute and then Andy if you can dig that number out. Gary, its a lit bit of a review of the numbers I was pumping out just a minute ago. I think you are asking comparatively how does buy rates stack up, and is it overheated; that’s the essence of where you are heading right?
Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer & Co.: Actually, I don’t think its over heated. I agree, buy rates are still pretty low, but in terms of absolute dollar value, we are getting to that $500 million kind of order, kind of level. I was just wondering how does this year in terms of the first half look and feel differently from the first half of 2004, more of a qualitative kind of stand.
Greg Beecher: Yes, well lets see. I’m having a little trouble remembering the beginning of 2000. Ask me a 1984 question, I’d probably know. One of the things that are happening now, there is clearly a very broad and strong demand, heavy optimism in our customers about their projections for unit growth and new product introduction. I think one of the big things that’s different between 2004 and now is that the OSAT’s don’t buy the way they did in 2004 now, that was a built newer environment. It is far more thoughtful now and tied much more to commitments from their customers. So you don’t have the built-in bubble from the OSAT side of the equation, but when you are in an up market everybody does feel good, so we are very careful about whether there’s any double ordering as we were asked a few minutes ago, or whether there was some exuberance in the market. We are certainly seeing strength, but we are not seeing the signs of double ordering. The other thing I comment on is, there has really been quite a significant decommissioning in this cycle of older generation equipment, and even though customers do want to squeeze out as much as they can out of fully depreciated assets, they really decommissioned a number systems; as much as if I take a combination of complete decommissioning and low utilization, that could have eaten as much as 30% or 40% into the cumulative installed base of legacy equipment. So a bit of this buying here is offensive buying to get on with the new generation of product, and it’s filling in a little bit of that hole that exists because of the heavy decommissioning in the cycle. I think that’s different from 2004 as well.
Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. The other thing I’ll just point is probably on a OSAT percentage of the booking side of the house. I mean the 36% or 32% last quarter, its still a pretty tame percentage and your product profile is broader and stronger than it’s been ever before certainly compared to 2004, I would guess.
Greg Beecher: Q2 2008, it was 54%, so you don’t have to go back to 2004 to find out that percentage.
Michael Bradley: I think Gary your point of product profile I think is spot on, because we have eagle test now and eagle test is performing very strong. We also have Nextest, which has a good SOC test system as well. So some of the acquisitions have made a significant impact in terms of our bookings and sales.
Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay, great. A kind of follow-up question for you Greg. You talked about how high speed memory test and hard disk drive test represent basically upside to the mid cycle model. In terms of profitability, I just wanted to kind of get reset in terms of what our expectation level should be in the second half or hard disk drive test, since the margins I guess over the last year have improved considerably. I mean is this still a case where it’s maybe dilutive on a gross margin basis, but net neutral or maybe even slightly accretive on the operating margin line, the 20% operating margin level.
Greg Beecher: That would be correct. Our gross margins have come down, but the operating expenses are already in the P&L, so while gross margins come down we have higher revenue and it drops to the bottom line. We have shown on our website some time ago that if the mix is heavy, hard disk drive, HSM, say 80% mix of that business in a sales growth perspective, and 20% SOC to drop through playing around 35% versus 52 % in that neighborhood, but obviously its upside to EPS, upside to income, but its going to throw off some of the percentages.
Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay, but that hasn’t changed over the last three to six months, that’s been the same case.
Greg Beecher: It’s the same case and we are much closer to having the HDD achieving its target margin profile. We were behind as the new product came out. We think we are in much better shape to get that on its model, which is different in semi-test model, but it has its own model. We think we can get it to that model in 2010.
Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay, great; and congratulations on the Q1 result, thanks.
Greg Beecher: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Daniel Galzuke.
Daniel Galzuke – Unidentified Company: Just a follow-up on Gary’s question. With regard to I guess the Eagle Test and the Nextest, is there any way to size what the contribution in terms of revenue is from those businesses or even just a rough cut; something we can have a comparison relative to mid cycle revenues for the base business.
Greg Beecher: We weren’t planning on breaking that up, but I can just tell you that it is very significant, the contribution. In the first quarter, we certainly would be below last Q2 2008 P5 significant amount if those businesses weren’t with us, so it’s a very significant impact, but if we prefer not to break that out. I would prefer to keep it at the SOC and memory level.
Daniel Galzuke – Unidentified Company: Alright, I appreciate it. Thank you and congratulations on a great quarter.
Greg Beecher: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of C.J. Muse.
Olga Vincent - Barclays Capital: Hi, this is Olga Vincent calling in for CJ, thank you for taking my question. In terms of your HDD outlook and given the significant portion of that in your current backlog; assuming you don’t get a second customer, can you talk about the magnitude of revenues there on some range for the second half of the year.
Michael Bradley: This is Michael. We mentioned in our last call and I will reiterate that the range of buying from a sizeable HDD customer in a 12-month period could range anywhere from $40 million to $60 million a year; that depends really on the timing of their tooling and so on, but if you thought about a CapEx rate, that would be a good shorthand to use. So our hope would be, that if we can bring another one into the fold, that we would have the ability to get about that same amount from a second customer.
Olga Vincent - Barclays Capital: Okay and if you do get the second customer would that impact in any way the gross margin profile for that business, or pretty common platform there would mean similar margins.
Michael Bradley: It would be similar margins, it would help us cover the fixed cost, so it would improve the bottom line, but the gross margin percent would look the same.
Olga Vincent - Barclays Capital: Got it, and then for the new product that’s currently included in your backlog, which you will begin to ship in the second quarter and really revenue in the third quarter. Is there a magnitude that you can talk about that’s currently in your backlog.
Michael Bradley: No, sorry we can’t.
Olga Vincent - Barclays Capital: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Patrick Ho.
Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks a lot and congratulations as well. A couple of questions; first in terms of the customer mix on the SOC side of things, you did mention that you are still seeing the same type of buy rates from your existing customers. Do you see in the second quarter any broadening of the customer base, or is it going to be pretty much the same type of customers just buying at the same rates or even possibly higher in the June quarter.
Michael Bradley :  Patrick, its Mike. I was careful not to say that they are buying at the same rate, because we don’t know exactly what they are going to be buying in quantities this quarter. I was trying to comment that the breadth of participation of the top 20 customers, 16, 17 of those customers bought in the first quarter, and I gave you a segment which was only flex us and I wasn’t trying to disguise it’s. It’s just that we do that careful analysis on the flex line. So you are going to have the 80% of them buying here in the second quarter.
Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay then I apologize for that. Secondly, in terms of disk drive test market. I think you mentioned last quarter as you gave an outlook for 2010 given the strong buy rates in 2009 that there was a possibility that it would be a decline in 2010 because of that. Has anything changed given that you saw some buys this quarter, and potential changes in the second half of the year given where the disk drive market is heading.
Michael Bradley : Yes Patrick, the recap on what we talked about last quarter was because of the acceptance process, the SAD101 process, and in fact we had a totally brand new first generation product. We described our ‘09 revenue was having more than ‘09s worth of buying in it. It was one and a half to two years worth of buying as you saw in our 10-K. So if you do just numerical comparison with one customer buying; if one year has two years worth buying, then the next year would obviously be smaller and that was the signal we are trying to give last quarter. I would say with the strength in the markets with the tooling that’s going on, each customer could buy in that range I described and hopefully could be at the high end of that range given the expansion in the HDD market itself.
Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus: Right and a final question from me, and this is going back to the SOC side at things. I know your lead time are still a little bit extended, so you are getting a little more visibility than you have gotten in the past. Is there concerns of any capacity digestion period at this point in the game. Just because orders have ramped up, your now as we look into the June quarter for three consecutive quarters. What’s your take about a potential capacity digestion kind of pause that could occur in the second half of the year?
Greg Beecher: Well, there is always that concern, and I think that’s why on the fixed cost side we are not ramping the fixed cost structure up. Its not because we are anticipating this digestion and dramatic fall off, it’s because our business model doesn’t require it. I do think we will have some digestion, but if you look at the utilization rates, Q3 and Q4 has been pretty strong ramp, Q1 on top of it has been pretty strong, and even with that amount of new capacity going in, the customers are putting them online immediately and are getting very, very high utilization. So, its really a function of will the unit volumes continuing to grow, and will their forecast continue to strengthen that we’ll have the impact as the whether there is any pause in the digestion. But again, as I come back to this, I think there is a scenario here; the probability of a sharp fall-off starting in the third quarter. It doesn’t look to us that way based upon metrics like moving average of the buy rate, as well as the appetite of a series of customers to bring additional capacity on in the third quarter.
Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus: Right, that’s very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Gus Richard.
Gus Richard - First Albany Corporation: Thanks for taking my question. Could you talk a little bit about supply constraints, and are you able to get what you need to build your products; are those bottlenecks brining relief for you?
Greg Beecher: Hi guys, this is Greg. Yes, they are. The fact that we were at 10 weeks in the first quarter despite the incredible ramp we had on average I think is very positive in terms of how our supply line guys were able to get the necessary parts. There was extraordinary wall room effort to pull that off. I think lead times are likely to move out a little now, but we expect to pull them right back in; some what like we did last quarter. When we started the quarter, we thought lead times could be a little beyond 10, but we ended up at 10, and our normal is six to eight, so we are not that far out the range right now. So we are going to do everything we humanly can and our suppliers are making good progress. So we see that we are making progress everyday. Occasionally we will set back, but we tend to recover very fast. So we are feeling very good about where we are on the supply line and have more work to do, but we are confident that we will meet our customers’ expectations.
Gus Richard - First Albany Corporation: Okay, and the constraints, are they electronics, loose logic, just any color there?
Greg Beecher: It’s been all over the map, there is no one thing. What I will say is that typically in an upturn you would expect it to be the custom parts more than the commodity parts. It has been both in this case. The model we got is that our manufacturing partner Flextronics handles the vast majority of the commodity parts. We still have a supply line organization both in the US and based in their plant. That really goes after the custom parts, and we were very much in a partnership to make sure that the supply line is responding, but if not anyone thing, its been a mixture of tough components.
Gus Richard - First Albany Corporation: Then, I know this is hard to say but what would you consider in an upturn normal seasonality or is there such a thing?
Greg Beecher: In the last few years, the seasonality has been stronger Q2 and Q3 buying, and if you go back far enough, then it used to be more of a Q4 buying, but I think the pattern of the last couple of cycles with everything else being equal, no fouls in the world economies and so on, you would see highest demand in the second and third quarter. I think this is exceptional in the first quarter because of the convergence of so many things of the low low super low buy rates that preceded this, the decommissioning of products, and a return of some very strong optimism across the customer front.
Gus Richard - First Albany Corporation: The last one from me, this is a tough one to answer. You have been talking to your customers, you are sort of engaged with them, you have got a pretty good idea of what their ramp plans look like. Would you be willing to hazard a guess as to what you thought the sequential unit growth in the IC business is going to be, both outside Q2, Q3?
Greg Beecher: IC unit growth?
Gus Richard - First Albany Corporation: Yes just from talking to your customers, kind of we are looking at 5% to 10% sequential. Do you have any thoughts there, just sort of how that aggregates?
Greg Beecher: We do it with a subset of customers. It’s certainly greater than five and less than 15. So I think in the mid to high single digits it is what I’d say. That’s very off the cuff. You said it was a hard question and you are getting a lousy answer.
Gus Richard - First Albany Corporation: Okay and that is for Q2 and Q3 at this juncture?
Greg Beecher: They really are not very good at being able to say beyond one quarter, so I wouldn’t put a lot on.
Gus Richard - First Albany Corporation: Got it. That was very helpful, I appreciate it, and thank you. By the way, congratulations from going from near death to sprinting up heart break hill in the Boston marathon.
Greg Beecher: Thank you Gus.
Michael Bradley : This is going to be our last question Rebecca.
Operator: Your final question is from the line of Atif Malik.
Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley: Thanks for taking my question. Can you comment on the book-to-bill in the current quarter. Do you expect it to be flat up or down?
Michael Bradley : Atif, we don’t pay much attention to book-to-bill and that sounds like a good answer to you, but we are looking at our capacity plan and as Greg said, trying to make sure we get our lead times back in a little bit, and maybe that’s just the way of asking us what we think our bookings are going to be in the second quarter, and we don’t forecast the bookings, but I would say that from a tonal standpoint, the customer still remain more optimistic than they are showing signs of caution.
Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley: Okay, that’s helpful and one more question and not to beat a dead horse on double ordering and digestion kind of lines of thinking, but some of the testing houses like Ardentech have publicly commented about slow deliveries by test companies that could be hurting their revenue profile this year. If I go back to 2004, the phenomena that we saw there was, that the OSAT’s ordered multiple testers for the same customer. Any kind of thoughts you can give that can kind of lessen our concerns that something similar could be happening this time around and multiple OSAT’s are placing orders for the same customer?
Michael Bradley : I will keep alive the tradition that when you have longer lead times you should blame your suppliers. I think that’s what customers do and we have already said we had some supply constraints, but I don’t think that the OSAT double ordering that you saw in the ‘04 cycle, you did not see in the ‘08 cycle, and we don’t feel like we are seeing it now. There is a very tightly connected royalty or specifiers who are going to drive business at the OSAT’s, talk to us about their capacity plans, and we talk to the OSAT’s. So there is a triangulation process that tends to identify things if they are on top of extra super buying, on top of what the real demand is. We could get fooled, but I think that we have a reasonably good handle on that.
Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley: That was very helpful. Thank you.
Greg Beecher: I think the last point Mike made is, different from the past when an OSAT is putting an order in, we go back to the specifier to find out “Are you the guy driving that demand? Are you putting that demand anywhere else too?” So we get confidence that it is only going to that one OSAT, and the specifier isn’t also planning on getting off another OSAT, and the OSAT’s tend to buy it after they know they have the business. They don’t buy it in advance or book it in advance. So we check with the specifier to make sure it’s a real firm commitment coming our way.
Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley: Okay thanks.
Michael Bradley : Great. Thank you every one, and we look forward to talking to you in the weeks ahead.
Greg Beecher: Thank you.
Operator: This completes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew Blanchard – VP, IR Mike Bradley – President and CEO Greg Beecher – CFO
Analysts: C.J. Muse – Barclays Capital Jim Covello – Goldman Sachs Mehdi Hosseini – FBR Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer & Company Krish Sankar – Bank of America–Merrill Lynch Satya Kumar – Credit Suisse Peter Karazeris – Citigroup David Duley – Steelhead Securities Atif Malik – Morgan Stanley Patrick Ho – Stifel Nicolaus Gus Richard – Piper Jaffray Raj Seth – Cowen and Company
Operator: Good morning, my name is Carrie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q4 2009 earnings conference call with Teradyne. All lines placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Andrew Blanchard, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Blanchard, you may begin.
Andrew Blanchard: Thank you, Carrie. Good morning everyone and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our Chief Executive Officer, Mike Bradley and our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks, we will provide details of our performance for the fourth quarter and year-end 2009, as well as our outlook for the first quarter of 2010. First, I'd like to address several administrative issues. The press release containing our most recent financial results was sent out via the business wire last evening. Copies are available on our website or by calling Teradyne's corporate relations office at 978-370-2221. This call is being simultaneously webcast at teradyne.com. Note that during this call, we are providing slides on the website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion. To view them simply access the investor page of the site and click on live webcast. In addition, replays of this call will be available via the investor's page of teradyne.com 24 hours after the call ends. The replays will be available along with the slides through February the 12th. The matters that we discuss today will include forward-looking statements that involve risk factors that could cause Teradyne's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. We encourage you to review the Safe Harbor statement contained in the earnings release as well as our most recent SEC filings for a complete description. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today and we take no obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. During today's call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We have posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure where available on our website. To view them, go to the investor page and click on GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation link. Also, you may want to note that between now and our next conference call, Teradyne will be participating in the Oppenheimer Semiconductor Summit on February 18 in New York, the Goldman Sachs Technology and Internet Conference in San Francisco on February 24th and 25th and Morgan Stanley's Media Technology and Telecom Conference in San Francisco on March 3rd and 4th. Now let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, our CEO, Mike Bradley, will review the state of the company and industry in the fourth quarter ended year-end 2009 and will review our outlook for the first quarter of 2010. Then our CFO, Greg Beecher, will provide more details on our year-end and quarterly financial performance along with our guidance for the first quarter. We will then answer your questions. For scheduling purposes you should note that we intend to end this call after one hour. Mike?
Mike Bradley: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that we continue to see a strengthening across many of our product lines and with the business rebounding, we are getting very good earnings leverage as we keep our fixed cost structure in check. The lead story in the fourth quarter was a broadening of orders in our Semi Test business. Bookings in that sector were up 13% to over 260 million, led by increases in wireless and microcontroller segments. This is on top of a nearly 70% uptick in the third quarter. Predictions of an industry pause in bookings as we entered the fourth quarter did not materialize. On the contrary, we have seen continued strong buying from both our IDM and OSAT customers. So as we exit 2009, we have had a solid recovery in Semi Test from the $65 million trough order rate in the first quarter to nearly $265 million in the fourth quarter. Our System Test bookings were down 28% sequentially totaling $40 million in the quarter. This kind of swing was not surprising nor will it be going forward as the lumpy buying patterns within that group are expected to continue. I will say that our Automotive Diagnostics and Commercial Board Test units have not seen the rebound during the year that has occurred in other lines, so when they do start clicking, they will give you a small boost to our overall results. I should also mention that the System Test group remained profitable throughout 2009, anchored by steady performance in our defense business which held up the best through this downturn. So the overall picture for the quarter completed is the total company bookings increased 5% to just over $300 million and that's the basis for our increased revenue guidance of 290 million to $310 million for this first quarter. I'd like to spend several minutes on a few other topics which I think will be of interest to you and then I'll turn it over to Greg for a recap on the numbers, especially focusing on how the business model is performing now and should perform going forward. There are three things I'll touch on. First is the health of the product portfolio and Semi Test. Second is the status of our memory initiative and third is a temperature check on demand going forward. We also want to keep you abreast of lead times and supply line issues. So I've asked Greg to expand on that subject for you as our product line demand profile has had some very sharp swings resulting in some lead time stretch outs in the short term. On the product portfolio, we’re now very well positioned in every market segment across semiconductor test with Magnum and the low speed memory sector, Eagle’s ETS family and performance analog, J750 for consumer digital and the FLEX for the high performance memory and SOC segments. Every platform in our Semi Test catalog has had at least one new instrument introduction during the past year and every one of those products has been bought, shipped and installed during this last 12 months. So we are entering 2010 with the broadest and most refreshed portfolio that we have had in recent years and we can ramp these products into this upsurge. On the individual product front, we’ve just had two very strong quarters for Eagle products with an all time bookings record in Q3 and only 10% less in Q4. In addition, this last quarter we had a major surge in J750 orders as a microcontroller market turned up smartly, driven by a long awaited rekindling of automotive demand. In fact, you have to go back over three years to find a quarter where J750 orders were higher. This is one of the major areas where lead times are stretching out. So I've asked Greg to comment further on that shortly and on what we are doing to meet the demand. But the upturn hasn't touched every end market or geographic segment. Image sensor and flash memory demand remains low, consumer audio/video and gaming driven orders are off from their third quarter levels and Japan and Europe based capacity orders remain subdued. While we have gained memory share through the year, the memory order rate remains low. We have had follow-on orders in high speed memory but major capacity orders from our customers haven't occurred yet and the flash sector continues to be a spot buying environment despite high utilization rates in the install base. In anticipation of your questions on the order outlook, I'll say the following We have clearly seen a broadening of demand, more customers are participating each quarter. The tone of customer interactions is more optimistic and more urgent so the short-term outlook remains strong. Now, from an end user standpoint, OSAT has accounted for 32% of total Semi Test orders and with a major driver of the Q4 bookings increase having grown by over 70% sequentially. But the OSAT order level still remains well below the top two quarters of the last cycle. Overall, semiconductor test buy rates for 2009 will be under 1% at about 0.8% for the year. And if 2010 runs at the Q4 '09 rate, we would see that buy rate notch up to maybe 1%, still quite low against any historical level. While we are not making forecasts about 2010 or even about the next quarter's bookings, I want you to know that the short-term demand outlook remains strong as we work our production slot plans. In summary, we are on a solid recovery path. We are hitting on a lot of cylinders but not all. Our new product offerings are all in production of customers and the operating model delivers about 10 points of higher operating profit at like sales levels of the past. It's been a very challenging 18 months but our employees and our supply line partners have shown great adaptability and innovation in gearing us for the future. Now, let me turn it over to Greg for the financial view.
Greg Beecher: Thanks, Mike and good morning everyone. In addition to providing a recap of fourth quarter results and details on the first quarter, I'd like to step back and highlight some of the key accomplishments this past year that should contribute to our future earnings power. First, though, as a quick way to illustrate the degree of renovation in our cost structure, as you point out that we generated a 13% operating profit on sales of $267 million in the fourth quarter. This is about 10 points higher than we achieved at comparable sales levels in the past five years. The renovation of our cost structure has touched every part of our company and enabled us to earn a 10% operating profit rate in the third quarter and 13% in the fourth quarter. Without detailing the litany of changes over the past few years, let me highlight just a few of them. We have one major outsource FLEX manufacturing site in China that does order assembly all the way through final configuration and test. We now source about 70% of our material in low cost locations. Our board repair is consolidated in low cost locations and in engineering we have established technology building blocks that are reused in our products. In SG&A, we have consolidated work and sales and HR, while in finance and IT, we have used low cost locations or providers for transactional support and processing. Rest assured, we will keep a firm grip on fixed costs as our model can scale without adding significant permanent headcount. Looking ahead maturity of our cost changes should be variable compensation in nature based on the level of profitability. So, apart from a much lower operating breakeven level and a model that can scale, what else was accomplished in 2009 that increases our earnings power? One, we brought in the two leading high-speed memory accounts with our product's frequency, throughput and flexibility advantages. While there is much more to be done to exploit the advantages we bring, we are in the tent now and we have got a compelling product. Buying and high speed memory has been very low compared to historical measures as the prior generation has been stretched further, yet as time marches on, the likelihood of a refresh is ever increasing as memory, speeds and units both increase. Two, we successfully entered the hard disk drive market and captured significant market share in the latest generation of drive products. Units in this segment are forecasted to grow more than 20% per year over the next several years which bodes well for tests. Lastly, we reached an agreement with Xyratex to dismissal of the pending litigation between one another. Although the settlement agreement is confidential, it will not have three financial impact on Teradyne. Third, we successfully integrated Eagle Test into the Teradyne family. Eagle itself has been expanding its TAM and matched with our distribution muscle was able to break into multiple new accounts in 2009. Eagle on a standalone basis has historically delivered very strong financial performance with their highly differentiated offerings and that performance should continue. So in 2009, we significantly expanded our TAM into high speed memory, hard disk drive and low cost analog testing. We are also renovating our cost structure. I should also note that our core SOC test business finished strong in the fourth quarter with the highest bookings since the first half of 2008. As Mike noted, the J750 product was the standout topping 100 units ordered. This was the highest quarterly order level since mid 2006 for the J750 which is valued for his low cost, high parallel capabilities in the micro-controller and wafer probe markets. In addition, our System Test group was profitable for the full year at 7%, led by our Mil/Aero business which is the defacto standard for a family of test instruments with the Department of Defense. On the balance sheet side, we ended the year with gross cash of about $519 million, up from $374 million at the end of 2008, 80 million of that came from operations after deducting capital additions. Our cash plans for the foreseeable future are to accumulate cash. We have no plans to buy back stock. And we ended the year with net operating losses of about $300 million along with other favorable tax attributes. We expect to have a 15% tax rate for the foreseeable future. So we are very pleased with our product lineup, our lean cost structure and our financial muscle. And the start of 2010 is about as different as it could be from a year ago. First quarter sales are expected to be about 2.5 times higher than first quarter 2009 and operating profit will swing about $108 million. While 2010 has plenty of promise as outlined in several recent analysts reports, we will focus our forecasting brain power on the supply chain lead times and closing part shortages. On that front, we have made good progress in the quarter but with very strong orders. Lead times from order receipt have stretched out to eight to ten weeks and in some cases to over ten weeks versus our normal model of six to eight weeks. We are working very hard with our suppliers as they scramble to catch up with demand. As to our model, it's delivering as outlined in prior calls. We have included on the website information on the convertible debt dilution which again we plan to pay the principal off in cash in 2014 and fill the option element with net shares. So the overall story is we have emerged much healthier, the short-term outlook is improving and we have made very good progress in expanding our serve markets. So now moving to the fourth quarter results. The top line of $267 million was up $5 million it from the third quarter. Semi Test was 198 million, up 25 million and System Test group was $69 million down $20 million. Semi Test product shipments were ramped 20% from a quarter ago. Within the $267 million, service revenue was $57 million, flat with a quarter ago, Semi Test service revenue was $39 million. Product turns business was 30% versus 37% a quarter ago. Semi Test product turns business was 35% versus 50% a quarter ago. Memory revenue was $18 million in the quarter, up from $8 million a quarter ago. Moving down the P&L, non-GAAP gross margins increased from 42.5% in the third quarter to 48.2% in the fourth quarter due to mix and a lower obsolescence provision. R&D expenses were $40.9 million or 15.3% of sales compared to $38.3 million or 14.6% of sales in the third quarter. SG&A expenses were $51.5 million or 19.3% of sales compared to $46.3 million or 17.7% of sales in the third quarter. Our operating expenses in total of $92.4 million were up $7.8 million from the third quarter primarily due to the removal of the temporary seller-related reductions. Our net non-GAAP interest and other expense was $2 million, taxes were $2.7 million in the quarter and our headcount totaled about 2900 people. In the fourth quarter semiconductor sales were 74% of the total and the System Test group was 26%. Our book-to-bill ratio for the fourth quarter was 1.13 for the overall Company, 1.33 for Semiconductor Tests and 0.58 for System Test group. At the end of the quarter our backlog stood at $372 million of which 84% is scheduled to ship within the next six months. Fourth quarter cash flow from operations totaled approximately $50 million after capital additions of $15 million. Depreciation and amortization for the fourth quarter was $33 million including $6.3 million of stock based compensation, $7.6 million for acquired intangible asset amortization and $2 million for the amortization of the GAAP imputed debt discount. As noted in the press release, sales for the first quarter are expected to be between $290 million and $310 million and the non-GAAP EPS range is $0.20 to $0.26 on 182 million diluted shares. I should add that the guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles and a non-cash imputed interest on the convertible debt. Our GAAP EPS range is $0.14 to $0.19. The operating profit rate at the midpoint of our first quarter guidance is about 17%. I'd like to point out that the last time we were at this level of profitability our sales were about $390 million or $90 million higher and this was in the second quarter of 2006. I should also add that our operating expenses will be approximately $100 million due to higher variable compensation with the above model performance and some added engineering spend due to the timing of NREs. Now, moving to the P&L percentages in the first quarter. We expect gross margins to be 50 to 51%. R&D should be 17% to 16% and SG&A should be 18% to 17%. Non-GAAP net interest expense is expected to be about $2.1 million. The tax provision should be about $6.5 million. In summary, our model is delivering, end markets are improving and we are successfully penetrating new markets. Now I'll turn the call back over to Andy.
Andrew Blanchard: Thanks, Greg. Carrie, we are now ready to take some questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of C.J. Muse of Barclays Capital.
C.J. Muse – Barclays Capital: Yeah. Good morning, thank you for taking my question. I guess first question I was hoping to discuss Semi Test – 74% of your revenues in December. Can you outline what your thoughts are mix wise in the March and potentially June quarters and then within that how you see core SOC as the positive/negative drivers in the first half of the year?
Greg Beecher: This is Greg. In the early part of the year we would expect to be stronger than our System Test group. In the System Test group there is very lumpy buying and it tends to be lower in the early part of the year and pick up in the mid, latter part of the year. So we would expect Semi test to be a bigger contributor in the first half of the year.
Mike Bradley: C.J., you asked also about the, what are the segment drivers in the core SOC. It will be a continuation of what we have been seeing the last two quarters. It will probably be led by the wireless and the power management segments. We have had a comeback here on the microcontroller side. So that is going to be more of a participant in the first half of this year compared to the second half of 2009. Add onto that, automotive is picking up, so I think those will be the drivers in the SOC segment space.
C.J. Muse – Barclays Capital: Okay. That's very helpful and then I guess last question, can you provide some color on what the contribution was for memory for both Nextest and high speed memory in terms of revenues for 4Q and how you see that trajectory throughout 2010?
Mike Bradley: We will do it combined.
Greg Beecher: I'll start with memory. We have put memory together. We don't intend to break out HSM or Flash but basically memory in the fourth quarter we had $18 million of sales which was the highest quarterly sales amount for the year by quite a large amount. I think the second part of the question was what we thought going forward.
C.J. Muse – Barclays Capital: Your outlook for 2010.
Mike Bradley: That's the big wild card. We really, the memory market coming out of '09 is sub $300 million, $200 million, $225 million, $250 million market, we think is what it's going to add up to. So, we are hoping that we can get a position. We have got about a 13% share in that market now, up from 8%, 8% or 9% in '08. We are hoping to push that up towards the, above 15%, towards the 20% level but the denominator is the big question as to how big that market is going to be and we just have to watch and see that play out.
C.J. Muse – Barclays Capital: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Covello of Goldman Sachs.
Jim Covello – Goldman Sachs: Great, guys. Good morning, thanks so much for taking the question. I'd like to continue on the memory theme if we could. I mean, is memory really the biggest opportunity for upside in 2010? And then, I just heard what you said about not breaking out DRAM and NAND. But is DRAM or NAND going to be the bigger opportunity in that qualitatively if not quantitatively?
Mike Bradley:
– : Jim, I don't know which would be bigger for us. Obviously, if the higher speeds on the high speed memory side accelerate, that might be. I think the rate of growth there will be higher than it will be in NAND for us but we really don't have a breakout on what the percentage breakdown between the two would be by the end of 2010, so sorry I can't flush that out further.
Jim Covello – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks. And maybe final one, what would it take for you to start to buy back stock? I heard what you said about that's not what you're going to be doing but what threshold would we have to see for you guys start to be more comfortable with the buyback given the significant cash flow generation?
Greg Beecher: I think we need to see cash closer to $1 billion and then at that level we would consider it but until we get there, we wouldn't be interested in considering it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini of FBR.
Mehdi Hosseini – FBR: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. As a follow up to Jim's question, I want to revisit the DRAM topic. Maybe another way of asking the same question is can you help us understand the breadth of the customers that you have in DRAM and I have a follow-up.
Mike Bradley: Mehdi, we have a couple of customers on the DRAM side. That's what we had indicated at the last call and that's the footprint we have now. We have had follow-on business in the fourth quarter, but obviously, given the size of the market, nothing has exploded on that front yet, but we are in introduction, we are in production. Maybe the best way to get at your point is, I think we will get depth before we will get breadth on the high speed memory side.
Mehdi Hosseini – FBR: Is that going to be dependent on when those DRAM customers, especially in Korea are going to be done with front end capacity addition or are we still dealing with evaluation or competitive eval that is going on?
Mike Bradley: No, there's still a lot of competitive activity but the thing that's holding it back is that they haven't moved to large CapEx on test capacity by just stretching the install base of what they have there, they are working their test times down. So they are doing everything they can and that's been the theme through 2009, to hold back on CapEx. And obviously, from our end, the hope is that that bubble breaks as the demand for the devices moves up. Because we are ready for, we are in production and we are ready for a ramp in production but I won't say that the evaluation period is over. That continues.
Mehdi Hosseini – FBR: Okay. And in terms of evaluation, what is your biggest competitive advantage? Is that just speed or above, something more?
Mike Bradley: It's different against each competitor but the compelling argument that we have been putting forth to our customers is that the frequency range on the system allows them to use the same system for testing the very, very super high speed graphics DRAMs as well as the DDR3 products. Secondly that the product as a platform extends and they can see the product capability and road map. It therefore extends into DDR4 and then finally against on the normal access of productivity, it's a high productivity system from the standpoint of parallelism.
Mehdi Hosseini – FBR: I see. And then, I promise just one more question. Regarding the Q1, the mix between semi and non-semi, should we expect any meaningful improvement in system non semi including HDD or is that more towards the Q2, Q3 time frame?
Mike Bradley: It's more towards the Q2, Q3 time frame, Mehdi. In the early part of the year System Test will be relatively lower than what you saw in… Certainly in the second half of 2009, but we expect it to be very lumpy and it to contribute in the second part of the year in 2010.
Mehdi Hosseini – FBR: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Mike Bradley: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Hsueh of Oppenheimer & Co.
Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer & Company: Thanks for taking my question. A quick question here in terms of the J750 business. You said that basically you're hitting record unit shipment levels but lead times are stretching out. Can you help me out in understanding what you're doing in terms of reigning in execution and managing that ramp and whether or not at the fringes, because lead times are stretching. At the fringes are there any opportunities for competitors to really come in here and gain a foothold and build a tent in the microcontroller business? I've got a follow-up too.
Mike Bradley: Okay, Gary.
Greg Beecher: We are working very close with our suppliers. But the issue is not our labor or our talent and configuration of tests. It has to do with getting parts. There's part shortages throughout the entire supply chain. I don't think we are unique with this. A number of our suppliers, their lead times have doubled. Some have gone much more than doubled in terms of the normal lead times. So we are working very hard with suppliers. We think we are getting our fair share of parts. We are obviously using any demonstration equipment we have or any other means we can get equipment on the J750. I do not believe we are at risk of losing market share at such a large installed base, very strong workhorse. It takes a lot of effort to move from one platform to the other, so we don't see that as an issue and we believe competitively in terms of our responsiveness because our demand is higher now, we might be off a week or so in terms of what others might be able to deliver but we are going to close that gap shortly.
Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer & Company: Okay.
Mike Bradley: In fairness, I think that competitively our competitors will go into our customers and say, our lead times are moving out, but we are in very close contact, we are doing a lot of other things besides working the production line and that is the demo systems we have got internally -- we are putting as much into this to make sure that we cover the short-term needs, the revenue needs that our customers have, so we are very hopeful that we don't leave something opening here -- leave an opening here for competitors and in general we think that we are going to be okay on that front, but we are asking our customers to bear with us here as we get through the end of this quarter. We think we will be able to solve this as we get into the second quarter.
Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer & Company: Okay. Great. And you talked about some cylinders still not firing, I think we talked a lot about memory here. Any commentary on the LCD Driver IC business particularly, since I think that's off the J750 platform as well -- it seems like that kind of build on the LCD Driver IC side was potential customer is going to tightening any visibility on that cylinder firing in 2010?
Mike Bradley: Yeah. Turns out the other two 750 based cylinders here, both image sensor and LCD driver have not been participating in the upsurge and, you know, in one sense that's been helpful to us because the microcontroller segment has been pushing us so much, so, you know, in an odd way we are grateful that that's been a little bit slower. That may emerge. We don't see in this coming quarter a big uptick in either of those two segments, so that's one of those areas that's has just been more depressed. But as you said, as things tighten, we may get some demand in that -- on that front. If I were wishing, I would hope that would come later, at the end of this quarter rather than at the beginning. But right now our short-term indicators are not that we are going to see anything -- any spike in those two segments of the J750 in the short term.
Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer & Company: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar of Banc of America Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar – Banc of America–Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Thanks for taking my question. My first question was if you look at your HDD sales and if you assume you get no new customers, what do you think HDD sales would be in 2010 with respect to 2009? Do you think it would be greater, lower, flat?
Mike Bradley: Well, 2009 was an unusual year for us because since we were launching the product and we had shipped in '08 but our '08 shipments weren't recognized for revenue until 2009 so, if we kept the same customer base, it would be hard to hit 2009 numbers in 2010 because you've almost got a two-year revenue recognition in 2009.
Krish Sankar – Banc of America–Merrill Lynch: Got it. Okay. And in terms of the analog business, you guys mentioned you get record high bookings. How do we think of that business going forward in 2010 and clearly that benefits your margin profile quite dramatically, but if you just look at it from a first half 2010 versus second half 2010, do you think that business will slowdown because the biggest customer is ordering right now?
Mike Bradley: Well, let's see. Two things have happened. We have had a lot of very strong IDM demand for the analog products -- the Eagle products in the mid to second half of '09, -- and then that IDM space as it comes in big chunks like that, that would be great if that repeated, but I think a betting man might say that would come down a little, but the offset on the Eagle product is that Eagle -- the Eagle product with our distribution is actually having some very good momentum in fanning out, especially in Asia as we attack the low end of the market with the ETS, current ETS line and then there is ETS88, the scaled-down version of the product, so I think what we will see is you'll have -- if we have a reduction in the lump buying, we are going to get more customers -- we have already gotten more in the second half of this past year, so we are going to fan out more and that will help to fill any hole that's created by a reduction in the IDM side. I don't know if it will totally fill it but it's a favorable trend for us.
Krish Sankar – Bank of America–Merrill Lynch: Great. And my final question for Q4 '09, did you have any 10% -- greater than 10% customer and if so, what segment were they from?
Mike Bradley: For the -- we speak about that in terms of the full year. For the full year we will have one customer that's more than 10% and we will disclose that in our 10-K.
Krish Sankar – Bank of America–Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Satya Kumar of Credit Suisse.
Satya Kumar – Credit Suisse: Yeah. Hi. Just a quick question. Did you mention what the utilization rates were for tester and installed base were?
Mike Bradley: Satya, we did not. They have continued to trend up -- many of the tester models are in the 90s now. I think the sweet spot is in the 80 to 90% range. We do have some that are still down in the 70 levels as we talked about segments before, some of the more focused testers. But this is an 80 to 90% game at this point.
Satya Kumar – Credit Suisse: And is it then much of a difference between OSATs and IDMs on utilizations?
Mike Bradley: I don't have it in front of me but they used to be knowing that profit it goes to about 10% and it closes as it moves up so I think there is not -- if anything, it's less than 5%. Andy, what is it?
Andy Blanchard: It's less than 5%.
Satya Kumar – Credit Suisse: Would you talk a little bit about the lumpiness of orders on IDM side of things? Is there a risk that as we move through the first half, we get a nonlinear sort of change down on IDM orders as we look at Q1 or Q2?
Mike Bradley: We think that IDM is -- maybe, I'm drawing a picture of lumpiness and we have so -- we have got a good, broad base of customers, so as one goes up and another one comes down, individually, they are lumpy, but we have had pretty steady IDM business. I'm going to look at -- at the breakout here. Our expectation, maybe the short way of answering this is, the expectation is that the IDM and the OSAT split we think continues through the first quarter the way it was in the fourth quarter and with that would be is about a 2/3-1/3 split. I say IDMs. I should say specifiers, so IDM and Fabless and then the OSATs. That's IDM and specifiers is 2/3 and the OSATs is 1/3 and it looks to us like that continues through this quarter. Beyond that, I don't know.
Satya Kumar – Credit Suisse: Okay. And lastly, on high speed memory, I think a quarter ago, I think you mentioned you might have had two engagements with customers. What is the status of customer engagements over the last quarter?
Mike Bradley: Still two and we have had some follow-on business so we are -- we are enlarging our install base in the two customers.
Satya Kumar – Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Karazeris of Citi.
Peter Karazeris – Citi: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Just if you look at this year orders grown pretty well, as you kind of look out into Q1 and maybe through first half, do you think that your book to bill could remain relatively close to one through that time?
Mike Bradley: Peter, the thing I'll say about it, because we -- the reason we don't forecast -- you know, give a forecast on bookings is the -- believe it or not, you know, these bookings churn very heavily inside a quarter, systems configurations change, demand changes, OSATs, the IDMs change, but the very short-term indicators which I would call the slot plan management would indicate to us that as we go through this quarter, we feel reasonably comfortable that demand is holding up because there's kind of a tonal urgency, not emergency, a tonal urgency to the slot management. Beyond Q1, very hard to tell. We will have to get to -- 10 more weeks from now and take a look at that.
Peter Karazeris – Citi: All right. That's actually helpful. And then as you think about that, one of the things that strikes me as, you know, as you've had let's say hard drive test sort of rolloff, you've had some other things kind of come up, do you feel like there's -- is there any specific end market that's really kind of carrying through the demand through first half, is it really SOC and maybe kind of potentially OSATs coming back or is there some other thing that you could point to that would keep the order rate sort of at an absolute level kind of running fairly steady?
Mike Bradley: Well, I think the good thing we have got is we have this portfolio and when one thing is -- in this last quarter we have had, the lumpiness of hard disk driver as Greg was talking about isn't a big participant in our revenue plans in the first quarter, maybe in the first half and but we have got a very strong SOC business. Memory is depressed. That could come back. So, you know, if everything hit, we would really be -- we would be able to have a very significant revenue growth. The thematic component that runs through almost everything that we are doing is mobile, the wireless business, the embedding of wireless into all of the consumer devices, these tablet devices that are coming out, everything is, pushing the wireless side and that is a sweet spot for us, so we are -- if you looked at end product, you would say that's what's helping us.
Peter Karazeris – Citi: Thank you. And could I ask one more?
Mike Bradley: Sure.
Peter Karazeris – Citi: Just as you kind of think of your -- you're at 13% share roughly in memory that target is, hope, kind of goal is 15 to 20%. As you think about that range, what would put you sort of, towards the lower end of it versus the higher end of it? Would it be DRAM versus flash? Is it customer expansion that you would need or is it just, -- is it really just based on how CapEx progresses, memory test CapEx progresses? And that's it for me? Thanks.
Mike Bradley: Yeah. Peter, the move in share on memory would be NAND, flash on the low speed memory would be a more gradual contributor to that growth and high speed memory would spike it so there's more weight to a high speed memory -- penetration than there is for us in NAND but we are expecting some of that growth to come from low speed memory, multichip modules, flash memory tests.
Peter Karazeris – Citi: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Duley of Steelhead Securities.
David Duley – Steelhead Securities: Congratulations on a nice quarter. I was wondering if you might be able to -- could you give us the geographical breakout of orders?
Mike Bradley: Yes. We will grab them here.
David Duley – Steelhead Securities: And then while you're looking at that is could you talk about which parts are actually stretching the lead times, where are the shortages located out at this point?
Mike Bradley: Yeah. Greg is looking at that. There's no simple short list on the shortages. I'd like to say it's one or two components. Obviously, we have got thousands of components. Semiconductors obviously is the category that you would say if we could solve anything, that would be it, so -- but it's -- without being an alarmist here, it's -- scores of parts that we are expediting, so it's -- there's not one silver bullet where we are pressing one supplier. It's many, many suppliers. That's why it's quite a task for us.
David Duley – Steelhead Securities: Okay.
Mike Bradley: On the geographic distribution, it's on our website the --
David Duley – Steelhead Securities: I can look at there.
Mike Bradley: Details --
David Duley – Steelhead Securities: And then one final up question for me is just kind of clarifying is last quarter in the third quarter you had a really big order from an IDM customer, I think in the analog space and you were still able to grow your order sequentially here in Q4 and that I think what I heard you say I'm just trying to clarify it is that was really driven from further analog orders from other IDMs and the J750 ramp-up? Is that why you were able to kind of annualize that big quarter last quarter?
Mike Bradley: It's because the other cylinders were participating. We had -- we had very good growth in our wireless business. Power management, which was this driver in the third quarter, even though it went down slightly, it was still very, very strong. We had the microcontroller logic segment and the automotive piece of that going up, so those were the things that, there were more cylinders essentially hitting in the fourth quarter than in the third quarter, so that's what took up the slack.
David Duley – Steelhead Securities: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Atif Malik of Morgan Stanley.
Atif Malik – Morgan Stanley: Thank you for taking my questions. First question, have your internal expectations or estimates on the size of the high speed LCD, DRAM market in your opportunity change from one quarter ago and if it did, can you tell us what has been that change?
Mike Bradley: Not from a quarter ago, no. There hasn't been any change in our expectations on that front in the short term. Over a year, over the last year, I think everybody whose had had product or has been trying to penetrate that market has been -- has been disappointed with the buy rate that's occurred there and that's -- connects back to the earlier point that so much of the existing equipment has been stretched for the low speed, I'll say the low speed, high speed memory parts and I think that's been the reset that over the last 12 to 15 months has occurred in that space. But no changes in the short term.
Atif Malik – Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then can you tell me when was the last time you saw 10 weeks long lead times and then it sounds like upside in March is being driven by wireless and given one of the major -- wireless chip maker, Qualcomm kind of disappointed on the results and you and Verigy are exposed there. What's the kind of confidence level risk in the guidance?
Mike Bradley: Yeah. 10 week lead times -- then you have to go back at least a year and a half, maybe two and half -- two plus years. Now, I say that, sometimes in a sub segment of product we have had the -- and it's been under the radar, but it's a bigger issue right now, but I think it's one and half to two-year phenomenon.
Atif Malik – Morgan Stanley: Yeah. I think you're right, Mike. And in terms of the rest of the guidance, we don't think that's significant. We could ship more if we could gather all the parts so we set the guidance based upon what we felt reasonably confident that we could ship.
Mike Bradley: I thought you were asking whether we were causing our customers to miss their guidance. Was that your question?
Atif Malik – Morgan Stanley: No. I was talking about your own guidance.
Mike Bradley: Okay. Sorry. I missed it.
Atif Malik – Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Ho of Stifel Nichols.
Patrick Ho – Stifel Nichols: Thanks a lot. Just a couple of questions. First, in terms of the pickup you're seeing in the microcontroller business, obviously, that's a positive for you guys. Can you just comment in terms of the competitive environment with one of your peers entering that market, can you just describe what you're seeing in the marketplace as that market segment picks up?
Mike Bradley: What we are seeing competitively? That's your question?
Patrick Ho – Stifel Nichols: Yeah.
Mike Bradley: No, there is a lot of competitive activity in the -- the focus platform, both on the digital and on the analog side. We feel quite good about the status of the 750 and I'm saying that not because we had a good quarter of bookings, but if you look back over the last year and a half and then look forward, what our customers see is they see that there's been a product capability refresh on the 750, so an increase in frequency that gives them more headroom and more coverage in the microcontroller space. As they go forward and look at the road map they will see the same thing over the next couple of years as a continuation of that product, new instrumentation, new capability for even higher through put, so as a product, it's a pretty solid product with 3000 systems and no indications that it mismatches against the technical requirements or the economic requirements in its face. Now, in the overall Semi market, everybody wants to cover as much space as they can so there are competitors coming in, but it's not an arena that it is easy to get in, in a big way. You can find a place where you can get one system in or two systems in but moving into triple digits in that space in unit bookings is quite a challenge. That's true over on the analog side as well. In the Eagle product there is -- actually, that's the offensive play in the low end as we move against some of the legacy products that are being discontinued there. So it's a tough space but we feel pretty comfortable about the arsenal we have got down at that end.
Patrick Ho – Stifel Nichols: Great. You know, in terms of the turns business you see quarter over quarter, obviously it leveled off a little bit in the December quarter. Two part question. One, do you see those turns businesses being in that 30 to 35% type of range in March and do you believe some of the supply restraints are probably keeping it there, will that kind of be resolved, you know, what time period do you see that being resolved?
Mike Bradley: I think the turns business will actually be lower in the first quarter. The first quarter is essentially all booked out, so it will be below the numbers you just mentioned and it's tough to say when the supply chain catches up. It's a little bit of a guess but I think it's sometime late second quarter.
Patrick Ho – Stifel Nichols: Okay. Final question for me in terms of the disk drive business, obviously, you're in one customer, you're getting share there. If you look at 2010 as a whole in terms of your revenues, on a qualitative basis, do you see that coming from your existing customer more so or do you see a new customer coming on board being a bigger percentage of 2010's revenue?
Mike Bradley: Patrick, we are still in the one customer situation right now. We are pursuing additional customers. At this point I would be getting ahead of myself to say that 2010 revenue would have more than a -- would have a broadening of our customer base.
Patrick Ho – Stifel Nichols: That's too early to say right now?
Mike Bradley: Too early, yes.
Patrick Ho – Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gus Richard of Piper Jaffray.
Gus Richard – Piper Jaffray: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. First, one you mentioned you had new instruments across your platforms and I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the new instruments and how that expands your TAM.
Mike Bradley: Gus, the new instrumentation in some cases just continues the coverage in the TAM and so it's defensive. But others are offensive. There's -- against -- let me do a few segments to give you a flavor of it. The Eagle Test product has a new family member, the ETS-88. That gives us a low cost configuration multiple device type testing in -- off the same platform -- in parallel, so that's an expansion of TAM at the low end of the analog space. On the flex, we have got high density, high voltage DC instrumentation that has been introduced so in the mid-range, mixed signal space, that gives us more capability for more sockets. On UltraFLEX, we have got high speed expansion of our high speed digital capability. That's been important in some networking applications. What else? Well, UltraFLEX-M obviously gives us a greater TAM expander. So it's a mixture of instruments that keep fleshing out the product. Remember, we are 40 plus percent share in the SOC space so most of what we add, actually, is -- it's to get additional sockets in our current install base. But those are some of the examples.
Gus Richard – Piper Jaffray: Got it. And then any help on this question would be appreciated. There's clearly a bull whip effect at the retail level in the economy, at the OEM level of the economy, at the semiconductor level of the economy and finally the semiconductor test level of the economy. All these things have their own periodicity, frequency, peaks and troughs. Do you have any thoughts as to whether we are in a period where these are constructively interfering, partially coming together to make a bigger peak? I know the business is lumpy. I was just hoping you could give some sense as to how you think these lumps are playing. Are we on the high end of a lump or the low end of a lump or any thoughts would be really helpful.
Mike Bradley: There's a logical side of it that argues that there has to be some inventory replenishment in here so it's not consumer demand that's a concern. That's offset by -- the levels of CapEx here still remain very, very low compared to any prior period and I'm not talking about comparing to prior peaks --I mean any prior period of buy rates, be sub 1%. That's just been unheard of. In your – in our stomach, of course, we always say is there some double buying? Is there any excess capacity being added? The indicator on sub cons not overheating is a more positive indicator for us that they are not stretching here to try to get ahead of the curve. At the same time, we set the company up so that even if things turn off sharply, we don't start to disassemble the company because of it. So we do have a healthy concern on those issues. The short-term indicators are not telling us that things are overheated, but obviously we got the same kind of feel that you have, which is -- the world economy isn't snapping back here, so you have to be -- we can't size the Company up for something that is only going to be temporary, but right now the outlook -- short-term outlook looks like it's steady as she goes for us.
Gus Richard – Piper Jaffray: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Raj Seth of Cowen.
Raj Seth – Cowen and Company: Hi. Thanks. A couple of quick ones. Mike, back to the HDD market just real quickly, are you actually in qualification with non-western customers now? Are you in a qualification loop? And if so, how long does that generally take or are you just beginning discussions with customers other than your primary customer in that segment?
Mike Bradley: Raj, it's in the conversations -- I don't want to get into what -- where the flags are on the customers. But the qualification discussions have been going on and preliminary work has been going on for a few quarters -- a couple of quarters. But we are still in the phase of trying to get into a serious qualification that you could see a glide path into additional business. So from a distance it's still -- we would call it still early.
Raj Seth – Cowen and Company: Okay. And Greg, quickly, can you comment a little bit on how we might think about the OpEx trend as we move beyond Q1? I know to some degree there's some variability in there depending on how revenues, et cetera, come in, but generally how should we think of that? Flattish from here or how should we think about it?
Greg Beecher: I would think flattish from here if sales go up and profit rate goes up, then we would be adding some more variable compensation, so it really depends upon the profit rate of the Company. As a very quick rule of thumb for every 25 million or so of extra sales, once we are around model profitability, there's probably another maybe $2 million that gets added to operating expenses for variable compensation.
Raj Seth – Cowen and Company: Okay. Thanks. And, Mike, one last one, if I might.
Mike Bradley: Yes.
Raj Seth – Cowen and Company: Can you comment on how you think you did across '09 from a share perspective, at least in SOC. In memory, the order rates are so slow and you've made some commentary already there but in SOC what do you think you did from a share perspective and what do you think the vector in 2010 looks like at least what's the slope?
Mike Bradley: Raj, the -- without all the numbers in, obviously it's a little speculative, but we expect that we are pretty close to -- we will end up pretty close to where we were in 2008 by the end of 2009. And that's in the low 40s SOC share. The trajectory, though is up for us. If you looked at the halfway point in 2009, I think the speculation was that we were going to take a step back so we don't believe we have and that means the second half for us has been very strong relative to our competitors.
Raj Seth – Cowen and Company: And which sub segments if you can provide any more detail do you think are the areas where you will show the biggest gain?
Mike Bradley: Well, I think if it's -- if we end up about where we were, I think there will be more -- it will be more in the denominator, meaning that some share -- some segment shifts would cause share to look like it's going up. We think we have held very strong in the RF segment. We are certain that we are still well over 50% share in that space. We have held up against this issue that new competitors have come in the microcontroller space. So it's -- if we are flat, I don't think there's anything that has moved dramatically up or down in the portfolio that we have got.
Raj Seth – Cowen and Company: Okay. And any big chunks available on the relative near term that can move those share numbers around or it's still socket to socket?
Greg Beecher: It's still socket to socket. I think you'll see, the big socket battles that occur, many of those don't mature into volume business for a year plus, so the battles that we are in now and have been in '09 won't yield until we are back end of 2010 and 2011. And we feel pretty good about how we have done on that front.
Raj Seth – Cowen and Company: Great. Thanks.
Mike Bradley: Operator, we are about out of time so I'm going to draw this to a close now. I want to thank you all for your interest in Teradyne and we look forward to talking to you in the weeks ahead. Thanks everybody.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andy Blanchard - VP of Corporate Relations Mike Bradley - CEO Greg Beecher - CFO
Analysts: CJ Muse - Barclays Capital Jim Covello -Goldman Sachs Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer Krish Sankar - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Vis Vellore - Credit Suisse David Duley - Steelhead Security Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus Jagadish Iyer - Arete Research Krish Sankar - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Robert Weaver - Forest Investments Raj Seth - Cowen & Company Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good morning. My name is Molly and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Q3 Teradyne Earnings Call. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Mr. Blanchard, you may begin your conference.
Andy Blanchard:
’:
’:
’:
‘:
’:
‘:
’:
’:
’:
’: To view them, go to investor portion of our website and click on the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation link. Also, you may want to note that between now and our next conference, Teradyne will be participating in the Sidoti & Co. New York Emerging Growth Conference on November 20, the Credit Suisse First Boston Technology Conference in Phoenix on December 2 and, the Barclays Global Technology Conference in San Francisco on December 9, and Eric May luncheons in Chicago, Boston and New York on November 11, December 14 and 15 respectively.
’:
Mike Bradley:
’:
’: Let me start with the semi test side of the house. Last quarter you will recall our overall semi test booking doubled from the level of Q1. In this third quarter, we topped the Q2 total with bookings of just over $230 million or about a 70% growth over the second quarter. Our IDM and fabless specifiers led the way with bookings more than double the level of Q2. The OSAT business totaled about $50 million, equal to our second quarter order rate. So, both customer segments have more than tripled since the low levels of six months ago. From a device segment perspective, we saw very strong growth in power management applications, while our wireless business was still strong it was complimented by micro controller, storage and analog segments, which posted healthy growth in the second quarter.
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’: Now, turning to our revenue guidance for the fourth quarter, our semi test revenue will again grow sequentially while our systems test revenues decline due to the lumpy nature of some of their businesses. In short, we will have system test shipping at the past Q2 level while semi test will have doubled over that same time frame. I also want to mention that this rapid ramp in semi test business has in fact put strains into our supply chain. The front part of the ramp was achieved through some inventory drawdown throughout the supply chain. With that inventory consumed, we were experiencing more part shortages which is moving our lead times out of a bit. Greg, will comment more on that shortly.
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
Greg Beecher:
’: Let me first start with our third quarter results. As you know, we generated a 9.6% non-GAAP operating profit on sales of $262 million. Given our current cost structure and breakeven, this is seven points to eight points higher than we achieved at comparable sales levels during the last five years. Though much improved from prior periods, it is lower than our target model at $275 million as we had record hard disk drive sales and systems test this quarter, which has lower gross margins than the company average.
’: However, some businesses have higher gross margins and higher operating expenses than the company average, while others have lower gross margins and lower operating expenses, but they all need to get to the same 15% or better objective over a normalized cycle.
’: However, some businesses have higher gross margins and higher operating expenses than the company average, while others have lower gross margins and lower operating expenses, but they all need to get to the same 15% or better objective over a normalized cycle.
’: As you might expect, the model will be affected in two dimensions. First is the amount of revenue that we will need to achieve our model 15% profitability, will increase as we fold-in these new businesses into our model as our combined gross margins are lower than the company average.
’: As you might expect, the model will be affected in two dimensions. First is the amount of revenue that we will need to achieve our model 15% profitability, will increase as we fold-in these new businesses into our model as our combined gross margins are lower than the company average.
’:
’:
’:
’: Turning next to the continued surge in demand. Product shipments increased 78% from the second quarter to the third. As we said a quarter ago, we staged some finished goods inventory to respond to the anticipated demand increase. This along with draining the existing inventory in the supply chain helped keep our third quarter lead times quite short. However, as we move through the quarter lead times extended on average to about 6 to 10 weeks. We continue to work with our key suppliers to respond to this increased customer demand. Overall, we are very pleased with the responsiveness of the supply chain as it gets stoked up after quite a respite. However, the fact is that we are carefully monitoring the total supply chain along with our major contract manufacturer to ensure that the lead times remain in line with customer needs.
’: Now, moving to the third quarter results. The top line of $262 million was up $92.6 million or 55% from the second quarter. Semi tests contributed $70 million of this increase for a total of $173 million and system tests contributed $22 million of the growth for a total of $89 million. Within that $262 million, service revenue was $56.9 million, up slightly from $54 million a quarter ago. Semi test service revenue was $40.6 million, up from $37.6 million a quarter ago. Product turns business was 37% versus 40% a quarter ago. In semi tests, product turns business was 50% versus 62% a quarter ago. Memory revenue was $7.9 million in the quarter, up from $2 million a quarter ago, which was all flash memory. Moving down the P&L, non-GAAP gross margins increased from 29.5% in the second quarter to 42.5% in the third quarter due to higher volume. Product margins were adversely affected by mix in system tests and a product obsolescence charge of $6.9 million. R&D expenses were $38.3 million or [14.6%] of sales compared to $38.5 million or 22.7% of sales in the second quarter. SG&A expenses were $46.3 million or 17.7% of sales compared to $47.3 million or 27.9% of sales in the second quarter. Operating expenses of $84.6 million were down slightly from the second quarter and included the benefit of about $6 million from temporary seller related reductions. Our net non-GAAP interest and other expense was $1.8 million, taxes were a benefit of $1.5 million in the quarter, and our headcount totaled about 2,900 people. In the third quarter, semi test sales were 66% of the total and system test group was 34%. Systems test sales were at record quarter levels. Our book-to-bill ratio for the third quarter was 1.10 for the overall company, 1.3 for semiconductor test, and 0.62 for a system test. At the end of the quarter our backlog stood at $336 million, of which, 83% is scheduled to ship within the next six months. Cash flow from operations totaled approximately $94 million after capital additions of $9 million. Again, the majority of this increase was from advanced customer payments. Depreciation and amortization for the third quarter was $34 million, including $6 million of stock-based compensation, $8 million for acquired intangible asset amortization and $2 million for amortization of the GAAP imputed debt discount. As noted in the press release, sales for the fourth quarter are expected to be between $255 million and $270 million, and non-GAAP EPS range is $0.12 to $0.17 on a 181 million diluted shares. I should add that the guidance includes the full reversal of a temporary pay cuts and a more normal product mix, but also excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles, the purchase accounting inventory step-up charge, and the non-cash imputed interest on the convertible debt. Our GAAP EPS range is $0.04 to $0.09. Now, moving to the P&L percentages expected in the fourth quarter. We expect gross margins to be 47% or 48%, while R&D should be 15% or 16% and SG&A should be 19% or 20%. Non-GAAP net interest expense is expected to be about $2.3 million and the tax provision should be about $2 million. In summary, our model is performing quite well. We are penetrating new markets and we are adding muscle to the balance sheet. Our main focus short-term is making sure our supply chain responds to demand in addition to maintaining very strong cost discipline. Now, I will turn the call back to Andy.
Andy Blanchard: Thanks, Greg. Molly, we would now like to take some questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of C.J. Muse with Barclays Capital.
CJ Muse - Barclays Capital: I guess the first question on the high-speed memory front, in terms of the multiple orders there. Can you comment, does that mean you were named the second source vendor there or are they still looking at three different vendors?
Mike Bradley:
’:
’:
’:
CJ Muse - Barclays Capital: Just to confirm, I believe you said memory, total revenues was $7.9-million?
Mike Bradley: Yes.
CJ Muse - Barclays Capital: Can you expand on the trajectory from here I guess including high-speed memory, what the puts and takes are and what we could expect as we enter 2010 for that line item?
Mike Bradley:
’:
’:
’:
’:
‘:
CJ Muse - Barclays Capital: In terms of the non-GAAP pro forma, there is a line for profit sharing. Is that stock base compensation?
Greg Beecher:
’:
CJ Muse - Barclays Capital:
’:
Greg Beecher:
’:
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
Jim Covello -Goldman Sachs:
’:
Mike Bradley:
’:
Jim Covello -Goldman Sachs:
’:
Mike Bradley:
’:
Jim Covello -Goldman Sachs:
’:
Mike Bradley:
’:
’:
‘:
’:
’:
Jim Covello -Goldman Sachs: Very helpful. On the high-speed memory, congratulations on getting the recognition there, what do you think the timing could be for; A, following orders from that customer, and then; B, potentially orders from a second customer who I believe you might be engaged with now?
Mike Bradley:
’:
’:
’:
’:
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Hsueh with Oppenheimer.
Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer:
’:
’:
‘:
‘:
Mike Bradley:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer: So it would seem to argue to me that you are looking at basically a base case for semi test revenue on a normalized basis in 2010 somewhere around a $1 billion, and consensus right now is at 1.1, and I think there is a lot of short-term fear about how seasonally week Q1 could be. In terms of the overall market, you guys believe for sure that if semi CapEx is growing then you revenue should grow and semi test buy rates should grow?
Mike Bradley: Did you say a billion in SOC?
Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer: Yes.
Mike Bradley: Yes, so a billion on SOC, then the market has to be over $2 billion. Do the math around $2 billion and 40 plus percent share you get 800. So, 800 to 900 is probably okay.
Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer: Just along these lines, did you give a number in terms of a target revenue range for HDD test next year?
Mike Bradley: You mean in estimating for different models what might you put in?
Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer: Yes, for HDD test next year, was number given out?
Mike Bradley:
’:
’:
’:
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Mike, you said about Eagle Test having record bookings in Q3. I was just trying to understand, is it fair to assume the Eagle Test business is running at its traditional peak capacity which is about mid to high $30 million run rate for revenue and maybe like a $40 million bookings run rate?
Greg Beecher:
’:
’:
’:
Krish Sankar - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: On the HDD side of the business, I know you guys said $30 million to $50 million and it could be higher. Did you see any pull-ins this year from 2010?
Greg Beecher:
’:
’:
’:
’:
Krish Sankar - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Just a final question, on the high-speed memory not to be beat a dead horse, but in terms of DDR3 specifically, can you tell like how many customers are you actually engaged with today?
Mike Bradley:
’:
’:
’:
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Satya Kumar with Credit Suisse.
Vis Vellore - Credit Suisse: This is Vis Vellore for Satya. Actually can you share what the service revenues were for semis and system tests for the September quarter?
Greg Beecher: Yes. The semi service revenues were $41 million and the system test service revenues for the third quarter were $16 million.
Vis Vellore - Credit Suisse: Okay. Then at these levels of $250 million to $270 million revenue run rate, how should we think about OpEx coming back?
Greg Beecher:
’:
Operator: Next question comes from the line of David Duley with Steelhead Security.
David Duley - Steelhead Security: Congratulations on a nice quarter. Did you mention what the book-to-bill in the flash business was and was there more than one customer ordering there or was it just one?
Mike Bradley:
’:
’:
’:
Greg Beecher:
’:
David Duley - Steelhead Security:
’:
’:
Greg Beecher: In terms of revenue we did have one 10% customer during the quarter.
David Duley - Steelhead Security: Will you disclose the name of that in your filings?
Greg Beecher:
’:
’:
’:
’:
David Duley - Steelhead Security:
’:
’:
Mike Bradley:
’:
’:
’:
’:
David Duley - Steelhead Security:
’:
Greg Beecher: We had payments from a customer and received a payment upfront. It gives them better position in our slot plan. They get a slightly better discount, but commercially, it works for both parties. So, they are securing capacity and they see some greater test demand and then they want to get ahead of it.
David Duley - Steelhead Security:
’:
’:
Greg Beecher:
’:
’:
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Ho with Stifel Nicolaus.
Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus: A couple of house keeping questions first. What were your stock options this quarter and what can I assume for a tax rate in 2010?
Greg Beecher:
’:
Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus: Tax rate for 2010 now that you are back in profitability?
Greg Beecher:
’:
’:
Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus: Just some broader I guess market related questions now. In terms of the SOC test business, you mentioned that you are still waiting for the emergence of some sectors like CMOS, image sensors and automotive, do you see that coming back in Q4 or do you see your current market segments being the same drivers in Q4?
Mike Bradley:
’:
Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus:
’:
Mike Bradley:
’:
Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus: The final question is on cash usage. Now that you are starting to generate positive cash flow, you guys were active in buy backs in the previous cycles. Is that something that you are going to look into in 2010 once again?
Greg Beecher:
’:
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from the line of Jagadish Iyer with Arete Research.
Jagadish Iyer - Arete Research: Two questions, one is that, one of your competitors earlier this week suggested that the memory market is basically going to be doubling in 2010 and again progressively move into 2011. I just wanted to ask you Mike, what kind of position do you expect as you exit 2010 in terms of memory market share for you guys?
Mike Bradley:
’:
’:
’:
Jagadish Iyer - Arete Research: No, 2010. As you exit 2010.
Mike Bradley:
’:
‘:
’:
Jagadish Iyer - Arete Research: The other question is that with TI moving to 300-millimeter analog, I just wanted to find out how well are you positioned to capture that portion of the business?
Mike Bradley: I missed the question.
Jagadish Iyer - Arete Research: Texas Instruments moving towards 300-millimeter analog process starting up later this year and early next year. I just was wondering how well are you guys positioned to capture the test portion of the 300-millimeter analog business there?
Mike Bradley: There is no issue there. TI is one of our major customers and we are well positioned in a number of segments with their business. So I think we will be able to ride that transition.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar with Banc of America-Merrill Lynch.
Krish Sankar - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Can you guys tell little bit more on the seasonality of the HTD side of the business?
Greg Beecher:
’:
Krish Sankar - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Then the IDM-OSAT mix was is it 79% and 29% in Q3?
Mike Bradley:
’:
’:
’:
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Weaver with Forest Investments.
Robert Weaver - Forest Investments: A number of convertible bond issuers from earlier this year have taken actions to get those bonds off your books. Is that something you guys have looked at it all in terms of doing an equity flush out of those?
Greg Beecher:
’:
’:
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Raj Seth from Cowen and Company.
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company: Mike, could you comment a little bit more on what you are seeing in the sort of low end J750 microcontroller test space? I thought that when we last talked that was one of the businesses that was still off. In your prepared commentary it sounded like microcontrollers picked up. Maybe you can remind me how big in normalized environment that segment of the market is relative to the total?
Mike Bradley: Yes, Raj, are you asking for how microcontrollers fits into the total test market not Teradyne, right?
Raj Seth - Cowen & Company:
’:
’:
Mike Bradley:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Atif Malik with Morgan Stanley.
Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley:
’:
Mike Bradley:
’:
‘:
’:
Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley:
’:
Greg Beecher:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
’:
Atif Malik - Morgan Stanley: One last one, AMCO reported yesterday and they are saying that seasonality for 1Q could be single digit. Just want to get your thoughts on what kinds of seasonality we can see in 1Q?
Mike Bradley: For revenue, which is in demand in this quarter, we think there is a digestion going on so that people will watch for the sell through in the holiday season. So, our expectations are that things are tonally, demand is a bit down in this quarter so that the Q1 numbers could be lower.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Andy Blanchard: Great. Thank you all for joining and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Mike Bradley: Okay. Thank you.
Operator:
’:

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew Blanchard – Vice President of Corporate Relations Michael A. Bradley – President & Chief Executive Officer Gregory R. Beecher – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Satya Kumar – Credit Suisse Gary Hseuh – Oppenheimer & Company C.J. Muse – Barclays Capital Kate Kotlarsky – Goldman Sachs Krish Sankar – Banc of America Raj Seth – Cowen and Company David Duley – Steelhead Securities Timothy Arcuri – Citigroup Atif Malik – Morgan Stanley Mark Kurland – New Castle Funds Patrick Ho – Stifel Nicolaus Auguste Richard – Piper Jaffray
Operator: Good morning. My name is Thia, and I will be the conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Teradyne, Inc. quarter two earnings release conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. At this time, I will turn the conference over to Mr. Andy Blanchard. Sir, you may begin.
Andy Blanchard: Thank you, Thia. Good morning everyone and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne’s most recent financial results. I’m joined this morning by our Chief Executive Officer, Mike Bradley, and our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks, we’ll provide details on our performance for the second quarter of 2009 as well as our outlook for the third quarter. First, I’d like to address several administrative issues. The press release containing our most recent financial results was sent out via Business Wire yesterday evening. Copies are available on our website or by calling Teradyne’s Corporate Relations Office at 978-370-2221. This call is being simultaneously webcast over our website at www.teradyne.com. Note that during this call, we are providing slides on our website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion. To view them, simply access the Investor portion of our site and click on live webcast. In addition, replays of this call will be available starting approximately 24 hours after the call ends. The phone replay number in the U.S. and Canada is 800-642-1687. Outside the U.S. and Canada, the number is 706-645-9291. The pass code for both numbers is 20503616. A web replay will also be available in the same timeframe. You’ll find it by going to teradyne.com and clicking on Investors. The replays will be available along with the slides through August 13. The matters that we discuss today may include forward-looking statements about events or future financial performance of the company. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties. There can be no assurance that management’s estimates of our future results or other forward-looking statements will be achieved. Actual results vary materially from such forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those presently expected include: conditions affecting the markets in which we operate, including decreased product demand, delays in new product introductions; lack of customer acceptance of new products; unanticipated delays in costs and expenses related to the implementation of cost reduction plans; and other events, factors and risks disclosed in filings with the SEC, including, but not limited to, the Risk Factors section of Teradyne’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 5, 2009. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today and we do not take any obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. Investors should note that only Mike Bradley, Greg Beecher and I are authorized to provide company guidance. During today’s call we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We’ve posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure were available on our website. To view them, go to the Investor portion of our website and click on the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation link. Also you may want to note that between now and our next conference call, Teradyne will be participating in the Oppenheimer Technology Conference in Boston on August 12; the Piper Jaffray Chicago Semiconductor Summit on August 25; the Morgan Stanley Midwest Semiconductor Investor Day in Chicago on August 26; and the Citigroup Annual Tech Conference on September 9 and 10 in New York City. Now let’s get on with the rest of the agenda. First our CEO and President, Mike Bradley, will review the state of the company and the industry in the second quarter of 2009 and review our outlook for the third quarter. Then our Vice President, Treasurer and CFO, Greg Beecher will provide more details on our financial performance in the second quarter and on our guidance for the third quarter of 2009. We will then answer your questions. For scheduling purposes you should note that we intend to end this call after one hour. Mike?
Michael A. Bradley: Thanks, Andy. Good morning everyone. My comments this morning are centered on three points. First, we are starting to fire on a number of cylinders that have been very depressed through this downturn, plus we are adding some momentum in our Hard Disk Drive test business. Second, we still have a way to go until we get all product lines engaged. And third, we are aggressively pulling on the supply chain and the product sectors that are ramping at the same time that we hold our internal costs in check. Greg will walk you through the Q2 results and Q3 guidance in a few minutes, but the high-level view is that we are seeing the first recovery stage in Semiconductor Test at the same time that our new Hard Disk Drive business is gathering momentum. Of course, the most important news is that we’ve seen a good rebound in SOC test off the very depressed Q1 levels. Total orders more than doubled in SOC system orders, were over $100 million up more than fourfold from the first quarter. This resurgence was driven by strong wireless and power management demand. Excluding Hard Disk Drive, our Systems Test Group saw a small increase in orders as a strong Mil/Aero buying offset continued softness in the automotive and commercial board test arenas. And in Hard Disk Drive, we were able to receive customer acceptance on most of the systems shipped in the first round of business we announced last quarter, and we secured a second round of orders that will ship through the latter half of this year. Overall, this gave us about a 70% sequential increase in total company orders in the quarter. So we are moving our revenue guidance to the $190 to $205 million range for the third quarter as we noted in our press release yesterday. Despite this sharp increase since Q1, it’s obvious that the engine isn't hitting on all cylinders. In SOC test there are still a number of segments with excess capacity like image sensors, microcontrollers and automotive applications and flash memory test demand remains very weak. You can see this in the latest market data that shows memory CapEx still at record lows with a total market outlay of well under $100 million through mid year. Outside of Semi Test, the commercial in-circuit test market has had only spot buying, and automotive service day tooling is quite depressed. So there are a lot of sectors that have to turn back on for us to be running at anything close to full-tilt. From an OpEx standpoint, we are holding our spending and headcount levels in check. Headcount cutbacks are behind us, and our workforce total is now at about 2,900 with about 1000 of those based in Asia. We continue to have temporary salary cuts in place that have relaxed furloughs in areas where business activity has rebounded. All of those numbers are baked into the projections that Greg will go through shortly. I have been asked about the potential for a pause or a pullback in the fourth quarter. Now, that’s beyond our visibility to comment on with any accuracy. What I will say is that we intend to maintain a dual personality in this environment. By that I mean staying very aggressive on design-ins and new product ramps, but very conservative on adding fixed costs. So we expect to be able to respond to whichever way the market moves without adding any risk. Now, on the new product front, we are obviously pleased that the Neptune hard disk drive tester has passed its production phase and that we've secured a substantial second round of business. As we mentioned last quarter, we're focusing on improved margins from moving a supply chain for that product and manufacturing into Asia. There has been good progress on that front. In high-speed memory, our UltraFLEX qualification work continues on schedule. As noted in our last call, we expect initial orders and revenue in the second half of this year. With memory CapEx so low as a result of extensive efforts to use existing equipment, it’s difficult to project production buys at this time, but initial installations will position us well to participate when capacity buying does start. Finally, there is an emerging story in the Eagle Test product line. As we've launched a new low-end analog test product called the ETS-88. This system gives customers a CapEx entry point about 25% below the previous low-end of the ETS line. But more importantly offers the ability to test the variety of IC types simultaneously. So it’s an attractive product, especially in Asia. We have secured five customers and nearly 10 system sales to date and expect it to access additional customers who have previously been off our radar. So the bottom line of all this is a good rebound in our core business, growing momentum in the new business arenas and very tight cost controls. Staying on this of course will give us good earnings leverage as the broader markets recover. Now let me turn it over to Greg for the financial perspective and details.
Gregory R. Beecher: Thanks, Mike. And good morning everyone. In addition to providing a recap of second quarter results and details on our third quarter, I focus my remarks today on cost control on our cash and on the dilution from our recent convertible debt issuance. Obviously on cost control, it's essential to keep a firm grip on the fixed costs, as that will give us the operating leverage to earn model profitability at quarterly sales levels of $275 million. This $275 million model compares favorably to our historical quarterly sales average of $329 million over the last over the last four calendar years, that is, after adjusting for the pro forma inclusion of Eagle and Nextest. As previously described, this $275 model excludes Hard Disk Drive business, as its model gross margins of 30% or lower, yet it should have the same 15% model bottom line as the rest of the business. While the vast majority of our cost reductions were permanent in nature we still maintain a series of temporary actions such as pay cuts and furloughs that total about $7 million a quarter. We intend to proceed quite carefully in releasing temporary pay cuts and furloughs, as we don’t want to reverse course if the upturn is not sustained. In some areas, though such as at our repair site in the Philippines, the furloughs have been relaxed as board repair activity has picked up. We've seen system utilization in board repair trending upwards since about March, so we've made this furlough policy change there. Now moving to our balance sheet, cash and marketable securities increased from $321 million to $373 million since last quarter. $44 million of this increase came from the convert and other non-operating transactions, but $8 million came from operations net of capital additions. Looking ahead, we expect to end the quarter with about $345 million in cash. We improved working capital in the second quarter with record accounts receivable DSO of 40 days and product inventory reductions of about $25 million before write-downs. Turning to the convertible debt of $190 million that was secured at the beginning of the second quarter, our intent is to settle the principal in cash in 2014 thereby minimizing future dilution. I have posted an exhibit on our website on the convertible debt dilution at different stock prices, but let me summarize, as I often get questions in this regard. If we settled the principal in cash as planned and settle the option element in net shares, given effect to the related convertible note hedge transactions, the share dilution is in today’s outstanding shares would be about 5% if our stock price was $10 and 10% if our stock prices was $15. The GAAP dilution would be greater though as it assumes conversion and gives no benefit of our right to buy back our shares at the convert strike price. And we have also shown this accounting calculation. Now turning to the third quarter guidance. As you can see on our earnings release, we are increasing our third quarter revenue guidance to a $190 million to $205 million. The non-GAAP EPS range is for a third quarter loss of $0.02 to income of $0.02, which includes $2.2 million for a non-GAAP net interest expense and $1 million of taxes. The sales growth is being driven by much improved semi test demand after the worst back-to-back quarters on file. The Systems Test Group is expected to be down from the second quarter sales levels simply due to the timing of customer acceptances of Hard Disk Drive testers. Hard Disk Drive should contribute between $10 million and $15 million of revenue in the third quarter. This amount also includes the last $6 million from the first round of zero gross margin business. The Systems Test Group without Hard Disk Drive has been profitable with very strong performance from the Mil/Aero business. And with new a Hard Disk Drive orders on the books coupled with our lower HDD product costs, we expect positive contribution from the Systems Test Group looking ahead. We are certainly pleased that our momentum has returned but very mindful that cost discipline must remain high, as there's a long way to go before we see normal spending patterns from our customers. Now turning back to the second quarter results. The top line was much stronger than the earlier guidance due to the early acceptance of $26 million worth of Hard Disk Drive business and greater SOC Test demand in segments tied to mobile applications and analog. On the other side of the ledger, non-GAAP gross margins were pulled down from 41.4% to 29.5% by the zero gross margins on the first round of Hard Disk Drive business due to the overriding focus on schedule and also by product provisions that totaled $11.5 million in the quarter which was well above our $2 million model estimate. R&D expenses were $38.5 or 22.7% of sales compared to $47.2 million or 39.1% of sales in the first quarter. SG&A expenses were $47.3 million or 27.9% of sales compared to 55.4 or 45.9% of the sales in the first quarter. In total, operating expenses of $87.5 million were down $16.9 million or 16% from the first quarter. Operating expenses in the second quarter include the benefit of about $6 million from temporary salary related reductions. Our net non-GAAP interest and other expense was $2.1 million. Taxes were a benefit of $2.2 million in the quarter and our head count totaled about 2,900 people. In the second quarter, Semiconductor sales were 61% of the total and the Systems Test Group was 39%. Our book-to-bill ratio for the second quarter was 1.34 for the overall company as well as for Semiconductor Test and the Systems Test Group. At the end of the quarter, our backlog stood at $310 million of which 78% is scheduled to ship within the next six months. Cash flow from operations totaled approximately $19 million before deducting gross capital additions of $11 million. Depreciation and amortization for the second quarter was $32 million including $6 million of stock-based compensation, $8 million for acquired intangible asset amortization and $2 million for amortization of the GAAP imputed debt discount. Accounts receivable stood at $74 million or 40 days sales outstanding, which benefited about seven days due to the timing of recognizing Hard Disk Drive revenue after we had collected the cash. We ended the quarter with product inventory of $127 million down from $165 million a quarter ago. Of this decrease, $25 million is from the net decrease and product inventory and the balance is from inventory provisions and the amortization of the Eagle Test inventory step up. As noted earlier, sales for the third quarter are expected to be between $190 million $205 million in the corresponding non-GAAP EPS range is for a third quarter loss of $0.02 to a income of $0.02, which excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles and the non-cash imputed interest on the convertible debt. Now turning to the P&L details for the third quarter, we expect gross margins to be about 44% plus or minus 0.5 point. R&D should be between 18% and 20% and SG&A should run between 22% and 24%. The tax provision should be about $1 million. In summary, we intend to hold a firm grip on costs and balance sheet management. We expect to realize temporary measures gradually and as warranted by the business. Making sure that our supply chain can respond to demand increases is our main focus in addition to cost discipline. We are hitting on some but not all not all cylinders as Mike said, and we see very good earnings leverage as a recovery broadens. Now I'll turn the call back over to Andy.
Andy Blanchard: Thanks, Greg. We are now ready to take some questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) and the first question will be from Satya Kumar with Credit Suisse.
Satya Kumar – Credit Suisse: Yeah, hi, thanks guys. Some pretty good gross margin guidance out there for Q3, I was wondering if you could quantify what the margins would have been if there was no Hard Drive revenue in there?
Gregory R. Beecher: Okay, yes. The Hard Disk Drive revenues accounted for about five points; it pulled us down.
Satya Kumar – Credit Suisse: Okay. Did you say how much of the new orders you booked for Hard Drives in Q2 and what's the order outlook intake for the second half on the Hard Drive business?
Gregory R. Beecher: We did not disclose that and aren't intending to break that level of detail out, but we did disclose that we expect $10 to $15 million of Hard Disk Drive revenues of which $6 million was from the first round of orders. And there's a round of orders; we are just not breaking that out.
Satya Kumar – Credit Suisse: Did you say it was a new customer or an existing customer?
Gregory R. Beecher: Existing customer.
Satya Kumar – Credit Suisse: Okay. And lastly on the on the DDR3 front, can you give us a little bit more color on how the Eagle’s are progressing and what's happening on that front competitively with your Japanese competitors?
Michael A. Bradley: Satya, last quarter we talked about having one evaluation unit underway, and we were having discussions with other customers. We’ve not got two evaluation units, two different customers. So the evaluations continue as we speak.
Satya Kumar – Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from Gary Hseuh with Oppenheimer & Company.
Gary Hseuh – Oppenheimer & Company: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Well, I’m looking at the gross margin number and at the mid point of our guidance, let say around $200 million in the September quarter, ex-HDD you’re basically you’re going to hitting in your core organic business 49% gross margin. So I’m assuming that’s ex any kind of inventory write-downs. That’s a pretty clean number. If I compare that to 2008 at roughly the same revenue level you’re at substantially lower gross margin I think, I might be cherry picking numbers but looking at the December quarter. Can you just walk me through basically what the margin improvement stems from in your core organic business?
Gregory R. Beecher: Hi, Gary. This is Greg. The five points for HDD was the impact to the second quarter not for third quarter.
Gary Hseuh – Oppenheimer & Company: Oh, I’m sorry. And then what, if you look at the third quarter gross margin guidance, if you strip out HDD, what is the gross margin guidance been for your core business then? Sorry.
Gregory R. Beecher: Understood. We pick up a point. We’d be at 45 instead of the 44. We pick up one point.
Gary Hseuh – Oppenheimer & Company: Okay, okay. So basically, then it actually looks like your gross margin levels kind of leveling out around the mid-40s in your core business, because if I do my math right, ex the inventory write-down and ex-HDD, you’re running about 44%, 45% in Q2?
Gregory R. Beecher: That’s about right. And we’ve said in the past at our model of $275 quarterly revenue, we are certainly a ways from that, but we would expect to be at 50%. And that excludes Hard Disk Drive, because I can throw off the numbers depending upon when it hits in what quarter. So as we work our way over time at $275, we’d expect to get up to 50%. So you can see the math of that’s a little over point for each $25 million of sales, we would get.
Gary Hseuh – Oppenheimer & Company: Okay. And just to kind of further get a sense of where gross margin is headed. Can you give a flavor of the Eagle Test trajectory here, particularly as a percentage of the mix?
Gregory R. Beecher: Eagle Test and Nextest, at least to date, have not been a significant piece, if I put them together, they’ve been about 10% of our sales the last quarter or two.
Gary Hseuh – Oppenheimer & Company: Okay. And final question here on your non-GAAP EPS guidance, what’s the non-GAAP share count? And does that deviate significantly from your GAAP share count assumption for Q3?
Gregory R. Beecher: The non-GAAP share count would be probably about $180 million shares and we haven’t fully done the GAAP share count. The GAAP share count under circumstances can be a lot higher. But that requires us to get to a higher EPS number. But I think for both, it would be about 180.
Gary Hseuh Oppenheimer & Company: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from C.J. Muse with Barclays Capital.
C.J. Muse – Barclays Capital: Yeah, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I guess first question on the HDD front, can you share with us what percentage of backlog that is, exiting the June quarter?
Gregory R. Beecher: C.J., this is Greg. We don’t think it’s appropriate at this time to disclose the order or give you other information that you could get the order. But it is a second round of buying from our lead account. We are very pleased to get this business. And it’s a commercial terms that are better for us because we’ve done a lot of work to lower our costs. So we talked to you guys sometime back about we need to do improve our cost. We’ve done a big chunk of that. And this business we believe is going to be at our 30% standard margin. So we’re pleased with the cost progress and securing this customer.
C.J. Muse – Barclays Capital: Okay. So I guess, are you saying that you expecting to hit that 30% gross margin in those revenues of 10 to 15 in September, or is that beyond September?
Gregory R. Beecher: I would say beyond September, because in a 10 to 15, we still have that $6 million from the first buy, where there was zero gross margin.
C.J. Muse – Barclays Capital: Yeah.
Gregory R. Beecher: So if I could take that out, and then say what’s left is, let’s say it’s nine to get the 15. Then we’d hit the 30% for the nine.
C.J. Muse – Barclays Capital: Okay. So that’s done there. And then I guess thereafter beyond into December, do you see any reason why that can go higher, or is that kind of the steady state level we should be thinking about?
Michael A. Bradley: C.J., hard to predict. We talked last quarter, and I think would reaffirm that. It’s such a lumpy business. It’s very hard to project a flat line, an average level and whether that average would stay. Our expectation is this will be lumpy going forward. If you are trying to sort of eyeball how much business that could be, it’s a fairly wide range, even where we are in the market penetration at this point. Maybe we could get 25; maybe we get up to $50 million a year in that business if we hold just our current position and our current share. But that's a pretty wide range.
C.J. Muse – Barclays Capital: That’s assuming just one customer?
Michael A. Bradley: Yeah.
C.J. Muse – Barclays Capital: Okay. All right and then I guess in terms of your 3Q guide, GAAP versus non-GAAP, can you, I guess, help me understand the impact of the convert on the guidance there? Are you including a non-GAAP the non-cash imputed interest?
Gregory R. Beecher: We’re not in the non-GAAP, no.
C.J. Muse – Barclays Capital: Okay. And what, I guess what on a GAAP basis would your earnings outlook look like?
Gregory R. Beecher: Well. We have provided the guidance of the EPS range and…
C.J. Muse – Barclays Capital: That’s non-GAAP though right?
Gregory R. Beecher: We’ve given GAAP and non-GAAP in our release.
C.J. Muse – Barclays Capital: Oh, I’m sorry. Okay, I can look in the press release for that.
Gregory R. Beecher: And we’ve also just may help a bunch of you guys, because this is very confusing, is we’ve posted some exhibits to our website under the investor tab that shows both the, how the convert works from an economic dilution, and that’s more tied to how we intend to do our non-GAAP EPS. And then we’ve shown the convert from a GAAP calculation, which is an accounting calculation, which is quite conservative because we can’t take benefit for the option we have to buyback our shares at the strike price. But nonetheless, both calculations are on our website. And it is a very confusing topic. So we gave some examples of different stock prices that try to make it clearer for you guys.
C.J. Muse – Barclays Capital: Okay. And then I guess final question in terms of the revenue mix for June, I guess $103 million Semi Test revenues. Can you share with us what Semi Test service revenues were?
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes. Okay. Semi Test service was $38 million.
C.J. Muse – Barclays Capital: Okay. And then in terms of I guess the Semi Test products, I guess it’s fair to say memory fairly week, Eagle Test up some and core SOC the primary beneficiary, or should we be modeling slightly higher Eagle Test?
Gregory R. Beecher: Well. We think of SOC and Eagle as one and the same, because both products attack similar customers, albeit Eagle does open a new TAM. So we tend not to break those out, we put those together.
C.J. Muse – Barclays Capital: Okay.
Gregory R. Beecher: But SOC and Eagle are both moving up in a more at least in Q3 in a healthy fashion?
C.J. Muse – Barclays Capital: Okay. And then I guess on the System Test side, can you share with the System Test service was?
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes. System Test service was $17 million.
C.J. Muse – Barclays Capital: Great. Thank you very much.
Gregory R. Beecher: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: The next question will be from Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
Kate Kotlarsky – Goldman Sachs: Hi, this is Kate Kotlarsky for Jim Covello. I’ve a couple of questions. First kind of a follow-up on the DRAM business, you talked about the revenues in the second half. I was just curious if there any revenues for the DRAM business implied in your Q3 guidance or whether it’s more kind of in the Q4 timeframe that we should anticipate that?
Michael A. Bradley: No. It’s not in the guidance.
Kate Kotlarsky – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then the other question I had was on the competitive landscape. One of your competitors recently introduced a new low-cost analog tester. Just curious if you are kind of seeing them in your engagements with customers and whether that’s having any impact on you guys?
Michael A. Bradley: Kate, we expect to see them. Obviously, they are bringing the product out now. So we don’t see them across the board. This is the space where we have a very good position with 750 line micro controllers and other applications. So it’s a solid position that we’ve got both on performance and cost of test, because of parallelism of the product. So we do expect to see them into the future. Their product doesn’t address all of the areas that the 750 does. So we’ll see them in a subset of that market space and we expect to compete vigorously with them.
Kate Kotlarsky – Goldman Sachs: And then just a final question on the Hard Disk business, I know you obviously have a lead customer in that business. Could you share with us, how much the lead customer now kind of represents, whether I don’t know, you want to size it order wise or revenue wise, just kind of curious what the distribution is between your lead customer and Hard Disk drive and maybe some other customers that you have that are smaller?
Michael A. Bradley: We are concentrated with one customer at this. As we go forward, I think we'll probably as we get into multiple customers, we won’t be delineating how many customers. But at this point, we've entered the market with a lead customer. That's one of the reasons we can't be as forthcoming with units and total revenues and so on. We do have to protect the information around that lead customer.
Kate Kotlarsky – Goldman Sachs: Okay. That makes a lot of sense, maybe just one other final question. If you could comment on the mix between IDMs and subcons this quarter, it would be great.
Michael A. Bradley: Yeah. I’ll give it to you in terms of demand, because that's the leading indicator, okay. We break it down between specifiers and OSATs. So the specifiers, which are IDM's and Fabless, represented about high 62%, 63%, so the subcons 37%.
Kate Kotlarsky – Goldman Sachs: Great, thanks very much. That’s all for me.
Michael A. Bradley: Yep.
Operator: The next question will come from Krish Sankar with Banc of America.
Krish Sankar – Banc of America: Yes, thanks for taking my question. I had a few. Mike or Greg, if you look at the DDR3 market, let's say in 2010 or in a normalized cycle, what do you think is the actual market size? And what do you think is the realistic market share potential for Teradyne?
Michael A. Bradley: Krish, that’s a good question and a tough question. Maybe the best way to think about that or to answer that, address that question, because I think it's not going to be very satisfying to say how much it is, because it's very uncertain, given the heavy reuse that's going on. But if you just give me a minute, I'll try to organize some thoughts around how we are viewing that market. Okay, and then I think you can speculate on what the penetration might be. But very quickly, the volume on DDR3s are increasing. Device volumes are expectations going from 20% of total to 40% or 50% by year-end. The issue that exists out there I think you know is that the current generation testers are being modified are being used for the 1.0, 1.3 gig speed grades. And there is just very, very heavy pressure to reuse that and avoid CapEx by customers. So that's the big headwind, and that's what makes the market hard to predict. Now there's been a very slight uptick in June from the sense that you can see. So there's a little bit of buying going on. So the issue has been, when will additional capacity be needed? There are a lot of predictions out there. Most point to 2010 with maybe a little in 2009 that looks right to us. So the issue that we see is, when the capacity is fully utilized, what performance will customers buy? Our proposition to our customers, potential customers is that we've got a product that's architected for two generations, DDR3 and DDR4. In other words, it's really got headroom for higher and higher speed grades. And the question is, and what we are hoping is customers will buy at the top end of performance, as they need future capability from multi-generation. Second is the system is configurable to handle a variety of performance DRAMs, the graphics DDR chips as well. That's because it's got the headroom on speed. So it covers a broader TAM. We hope to be able to access that. It's got very good accuracy specs, which translate to yield, and it's very competitive on parallelism. So when we put all that together, that's the picture that we are proposing. Now how much and how, when that capacity runs out, since we don’t have an installed base in these customers, that’s not something we can probe easily. But the issue is, will customers be interested in that value proposition? And obviously, the hope is that the position of the UltraFLEX there will be received well.
Krish Sankar – Banc of America:
 :
Michael A. Bradley: They are really evaluating it for broad TAM of current generation, the parts that they have. The highest speed grades that they have, as well as the specialty graphics chips. So as I’ve said that, our hope is that they see it as a headroom tester for the future, not a spot solution. And we think that if they do see it that way that will change the economics, as they look the CapEx that they've made in the past for each node.
Krish Sankar – Banc of America: Okay. Okay. I just had a couple of other questions. One is, how much do think would the turn's business be in September?
Gregory R. Beecher: How much do we think it will be?
Michael A. Bradley: How much book ship?
Andrew Blanchard:  In the next quarter of Q3.
Michael A. Bradley: In Q3.
Gregory R. Beecher: Somewhere in the 20s.
Krish Sankar – Banc of America: Just 20% is going to be turns business? 
Gregory R. Beecher: 20% to 30% that neighborhood.
Krish Sankar – Banc of America: Okay. And how do you think of the incremental gross margin once we go beyond the $200 million revenue level assuming no HDD?
Gregory R. Beecher: Well. We get to 50% at $275 million. So you can model it from where it is without HDD, up to that amount. Obviously, it assumes there aren't inventory surprises. And then thereafter, once you get above $275 million, it starts rounding closer to a half a point, each $25 million of incremental revenue.
Krish Sankar – Banc of America: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Raj Seth with Cowen and Company.
Raj Seth – Cowen and Company: Hi, thanks. Most of mine have been answered. But I’ve got a couple of little ones. Mike, the DDR3 tester, the target margins there and I understand you've yet to revenue any of these, but is that above or below corporate margins, how do we think about margins in this product, when it eventually starts to take hold?
Gregory R. Beecher: The margins in that product, the way we're looking at it now, it will probably be close to the model margins. It could be a little lower. We wouldn't expect them to be higher. There's also a mix of products. There is the graphic chipsets and then there's the DDR3. But when you put them all together, it likely will be a little bit lower than the corporate standard.
Raj Seth – Cowen and Company: Great. That's helpful. Can you comment on utilization you see in your installed base? And perhaps you can talk about how to think about what working capital does, as we start moving into a ramp. I mean you have been working your inventory down, et cetera, et cetera. But what happens here? How does the balance sheet look as we start to ramp? Great, thanks.
Michael A. Bradley: Yep, equipment utilization at customers Raj, is that what you're asking?
Raj Seth – Cowen and Company: Yeah.
Michael A. Bradley: Yep. The utilization has moved up about 10 points from last quarter to this quarter. I think the interest, so was in, let's say, around 60%, now around 70%. The interesting thing that's happened is that, by our data and our installed base, the OSAT utilization has actually been gone up about twice in that timeframe. What the utilization increase has been on the IDMs. So that's why we had a 3X growth in our OSAT bookings. Even though, it's coming off a low number, it was, the real big piece of growth on bookings was from that front. And that's correlated back to this growth in the utilization.
Raj Seth – Cowen and Company: Right. Is that 70% for the OSATs that you're talking about or is it 70% now across the board?
Michael A. Bradley: They are kind of close now. So you could use around 70% for both.
Raj Seth – Cowen and Company: Thanks.
Operator: The next question will come from David Duley with Steelhead Securities.
David Duley – Steelhead Securities: Yes and congratulations on potentially achieving profitability in this upcoming quarter here. It looks like you're the first backing company to do that. A couple of questions from me, could you talk about the increment in revenue you look like you're going to see in your core business? I guess, if my math is right, you are going to go from $130 million to like $188 million, is the midpoint of your guidance. And is that all the SOC business, or is there any contribution from the flash guys? And given flash utilization rates and NAND are pretty good; would we expect to see some ordering there?
Gregory R. Beecher: It's essentially all SOC test. Flash is still expected to be very low in the third quarter, so it's essentially all SOC test.
Michael A. Bradley: Dave, if you look at industry demand, not just ours, but industry demand in memory in total, it's still very anemic.
David Duley – Steelhead Securities: Yeah, I would suspect that there might be some sort of snap back in that segment at some time or another, and I was just wondering, are there any early indications of that? Are the consumables levels going up, service contracts, anything that you might look as a leading indicator and say that they might actually spend some money again in Flash?
Michael A. Bradley: Utilization is pretty high. It has been and continues to be, so the equipment’s been squeezed pretty hard. Our repair statistics, the board cycle failure rates, have moved up since the March timeframe. So a lot of those leading indicators are trending towards the healthy side, but there’s this huge back pressure on CapEx. So I think the notice will be short, and that will tend to be turns business rather than sitting in backlog for a very long.
David Duley – Steelhead Securities: Okay. And I was wondering, you had an inventory write-down I’m not sure, it was like $11 million. Could you talk about exactly what was written down and why?
Gregory R. Beecher: Okay, yes. The single largest piece was a part from a supplier connected to a new product at Nextest, and the supplier is reimbursing us for some part of it. We have to go off and repair some boards at customer sites. And so that was an inventory provision to rework those boards. Each of these items contributing to the charge, each sort of have their own unique story. So there are a couple of items that that was the most significant. And then the other one was just largely trying to be a little more conservative, given the demand.
David Duley – Steelhead Securities: Okay. And final questions from me is you mentioned like with these $25 million of incremental revenue your gross margin should expand by roughly one percentage point. Is that math just solely driven by volume, or is there something else that we should be thinking about regarding the mix or anything else like that?
Gregory R. Beecher: No, it's purely volume.
David Duley – Steelhead Securities: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Timothy Arcuri with Citi.
Timothy Arcuri – Citigroup: Hi, I got the call just a bit late here, but I understand that $26 million of the $66 million of the systems revenues in June were HDD. How much of the $89 million in bookings was HDD?
Michael A. Bradley: Tim, you missed our reluctance to disclose that. Because we're so concentrated on customer side, we're holding that information. I think you understand why.
Timothy Arcuri – Citigroup: Sure. I guess, Mike, I'm just trying to understand. You guys told us what the initial bookings were. You told us that you took 26 of that in June, and there's 5 or 6 left over for September, and then there's another kind of, what like I guess, $10 million that's kind of revenue from this booking. So I guess maybe, if you can't give us what the actual bookings number was, is the sort of lead time the same? So whatever you're going to revenue in September had to be booked in June?
Gregory R. Beecher: Yeah yes. That is correct.
Timothy Arcuri – Citigroup: So the follow-on would be that extra $10 million or so some thing like that?
Michael A. Bradley: There's, you can't derive it, is the short answer, because it doesn't all go out in the September quarter.
Timothy Arcuri – Citigroup: Okay. Okay. So then there is some that spills over into December?
Gregory R. Beecher: Right.
Timothy Arcuri – Citigroup: Okay, got you. Second thing, do you think that book-to-bill is going to be greater that one in Q3?
Michael A. Bradley: Tough question, very hard to tell. What I will say is, we always keep the elastic in that. So we can move either ways. So our science around forecasting, quite honestly, is not highly invested science, so and with lead times and so low. We honestly don’t much predicting there. We manage a slot plan, we manage the supply chain. But I will say is that the demand that we saw in the first quarter activated by 40% of our customers where active in that process. So if the market overall becomes more healthy, you would expect who would be above 40%, so things could go up. At the same time, it's a very cautious market so some of those customers who bought will cause hopefully be replaced by others. So it’s a tough one to call and we’re just managing this based upon the short-term demand that we’ve got and the flexibility we want to keep in the system. So, sorry I can't answer it as directly as you'd like.
Timothy Arcuri – Citigroup: Understand, sure. Okay so, of the $103 million that was revenued in Semi Test in June, just like a couple million of that was memory? Is that sort of the right way to think about it like $2 million, $3million, and $4 million bucks?
Michael A. Bradley: Yes.
Timothy Arcuri – Citigroup: Okay. And then relative to your DDR3 tester, have you been qualified at that customer yet or is it still in qual?
Michael A. Bradley: Still in qual.
Timothy Arcuri – Citigroup: Okay. And then just last thing just so I’m clear. So at the mid-point of your September quarter revenue guidance you’re expecting between 10 and 15 million of that to be HDD. Is that right?
Michael A. Bradley: Correct.
Timothy Arcuri – Citigroup: Okay, thanks guys.
Michael A. Bradley: Yeah.
Operator: The next question is from with Atif Malik with Morgan Stanley.
Atif Malik – Morgan Stanley: Hi, thanks for taking my question and nice quarter. On the HDD shipments in second half of ’09, can you clarify is this going to be the redesigned product and what gross margin that you targeting for this product?
Michael A. Bradley: For the Hard Disk Drive.
Atif Malik – Morgan Stanley: Right. Second half he’s saying the mix.
Michael A. Bradley: Yes. Once we get through the first $69 of zero gross margin, the business thereafter on averaged should have a gross margin of 30% some of the little bit lower, some will be a little higher. But on average, it will be 30%.
Atif Malik – Morgan Stanley: Okay. And can you talk about seasonality in the HDD market? Is there anything like that? Because incentive market there is some seasonality in Q4, but in the HDD market is there anything like that?
Michael A. Bradley: Not enough data points for us to be able to conclude data. I think that would be a thought once we were able to expand in the customer base. What we know now is it's very, very lumpy, and we were pretty closely with our current customer to respond to the demand. So honestly, I couldn’t tell you if this time next year it’s going to be similar to what we’ve seen right now.
Atif Malik – Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then on the high-speed DDR3 memory, I’m bit puzzled puzzle at Advantest, yesterday their ordered a growing quite nicely and they have got DDR3 orders from the second biggest Korean memory maker. And I’m just wondering, when should we see a pickup in your new volume business in DDR3, because you guys have been evaluated for a long time now.
Michael A. Bradley: Well. It’s a very extensive evaluation as we might expect, given the fact that we haven’t been a supplier to them. So, and you are right. Adventest is in that business has an install base and therefore gets some business flow through, even though the overall market is very low. All we can tell you is that we are still, we believe that we’ll still execute here in the qualification phase. So that we’ll have installation in the second half and when have that in think then we’re at the table to able to vie for production business.
Atif Malik – Morgan Stanley: Okay. And one last one, did you disclose your flash revenue in 2Q and can you talk about the reuse in NAND from a DRAM equipment that’s being idled from [kimmondine] and Tier 2 Taiwanese guys and also the impact on the NAND market from the NOR equipment that’s coming from Spansion so is the reuse from DRAM and NOR equipment impacting the NAND market?
Michael A. Bradley: I’m sure it is I can’t lay out for you what the bits and pieces of that are, but that’s one of the components. In addition to aggressive attempts to optimize test flow and so on. So they are all pieces and that I’d say that in this cycle that’s obviously in much bigger piece of the head wind that we’re running into but it’s hard to quantify.
Atif Malik – Morgan Stanley: And then your flash revenue is in 2Q?
Michael A. Bradley: $2 million.
Atif Malik – Morgan Stanley: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question will come from Mark Kurland from New Castle Funds.
Mark Kurland, New Castle Funds: Yeah, hi. I just, I have one question that I just want to ask. When you went through the R&D and the SG&A expenses for the quarter come in up? Would that be the percentage we should look going forward? Or with that we absolute dollar amount be the numbers we should be the looking at going forward.
Gregory R. Beecher: Got it. Both the percentage in dollar is what we expect for the third quarter. But the percentages will vary in any one-quarter depending upon the sales level. The other vertical that’s going to could throw you off is the operating expenses next quarter. If you do the math, you will see that we are forecasting around $84 million, $85 million in that neighborhood. Those operating expenses we intend to hold at about that level with temporary pay cuts. At some point hopefully not too far in the future business improves and we can relax some of these pay cuts. So at some point the $84 would go back up and then once it goes back up because pay cuts are restored, and if we are making model profits and we are much healthier than we would expect to have more variable compensation. So 84, 85 is the low point for our SG&A, it could go as high if we are making attractive profits it could go to the upper 90s.
Mark Kurland – New Castle Funds: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Patrick Ho with Stifel Nicolaus.
Patrick Ho – Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks a lot. Couple of questions, Mike, you mentioned that wireless and power management drove your 2Q SOC test orders. What segments are you hoping to see pick up in 3Q in addition to those two marketplaces?
Michael A. Bradley: Patrick, the expectation is that we will see the same kind of distribution I think RF will lead the way, power management will be strong. We’re going to see a little resuscitation in sectors like image sensors. So it’s going to be a little bit broader than it was I think in the second quarter, but I think the Pareto would look similar in terms of market segments.
Patrick Ho – Stifel Nicolaus: So let me just a follow-up on that. So you’re still implying that until a lot of these market segments hits there is still a lot of upside potentially in your semi test business because those marketplaces or the other marketplaces haven’t really hit full force yet?
Michael A. Bradley: Yeah. I think that’s exactly if you look at it either a customer or from a segment standpoint, it’s great to have an increase in business, but there is such a long way to go to get anywhere close to where we’ve been. I think there is obviously some room there, but we’re all facing the same thing, which is the tough world and all the question marks around that.
Patrick Ho – Stifel Nicolaus: Great.
Michael A. Bradley: On a comparative basis, there is a ways to move.
Gregory R. Beecher: If I can add one point to what Mike said just to link it back to the model, one slide that we’ve shown shows that if you look back the last four years and pick those quarters that our sales averaged $329 million and that’s without HSM, obviously, or Hard Disk Drive our existing businesses. We’ve obviously grown market share over that period, but not adjusting for that just using the actual sales putting in next test an Eagle Test. We have sized the business 20% lower than historical sales. So I think the key thing that its helpful to understand is HSM, HED, we see as upside not something that is a must have for our model. We think the existing businesses can get us to model profitability. And I can take you through the math of that, if you’re interested at some point. But HSM…
Patrick Ho – Stifel Nicolaus: That would be great at some point. Just following up on some of the NAND Flash related questions. What would you say would be the biggest trigger point [Inaudible] in NAND Flash test spending? Is it the transition to the 3X node? Would that spur on testing as demand for some of the higher capacity NAND flash devices take hold?
Michael A. Bradley: Yeah. I think its unit volumes I think if the big squeeze on the capital and the trade-offs that are being made in testing and I will start to affect yield. And what you said, I think all of those things can cause it to break out. But to this point, we haven’t as you can see from the numbers we just haven’t seen much there at all.
Patrick Ho – Stifel Nicolaus: Final question from me in terms of the HDD test business. Are you still primarily focusing on the 2.5 mobile form factor, or is there a potential for you to expand into the more traditional desktop side?
Michael A. Bradley: No, the focus is around the mobile applications in the 2.5-inch form factor.
Patrick Ho – Stifel Nicolaus: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Gus Richard with Piper Jaffray.
Auguste Richard – Piper Jaffray: Thanks for taking my question but pretty much they’ve all been answered. Thanks.
Andy Blanchard: All right. Thanks Gus.
Auguste Richard – Piper Jaffray: Thank you.
Andy Blanchard: And Thia, I think we have time for probably just one more question.
Operator: Yes sir. The final question will be a follow-up question from Krish Sankar with Banc of America.
Krish Sankar – Banc of America: Yeah. Thanks for taking it again. Just a quick question I know you guys don’t disclose the Eagle Test sales. Can you tell what how much percentage do you expect it to grow from June to September?
Gregory R. Beecher: What percent we expect Eagle to grow from June to September?
Krish Sankar – Banc of America: Yeah.
Gregory R. Beecher: Okay. Well, maybe I’ll give you that one that I will be okay. 21%.
Krish Sankar – Banc of America: 21%. And the ETS-88, the low cost analog products. Is it expected to have similar Eagle Test gross margins or like is it going to 60%, 65% range? Or is it going to be lower than that?
Gregory R. Beecher: Similar to Eagle Test attractive has high gross margins.
Krish Sankar – Banc of America: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions.
Andy Blanchard: Great. That concludes our calls. Please if you have questions feel free to give me a ring here in North Reading.
Michael A. Bradley: Thanks, everybody.
Andy Blanchard: Thank you all.
Gregory R. Beecher: Thank you.
Michael A. Bradley: Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s Teradyne, Inc. quarter two earnings release conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andy Blanchard - Vice President of Corporate Relations Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: CJ Muse - Barclays Capital Brett Hodess - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup Auguste Richard - Piper Jaffray
Andy Blanchard: Good morning everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our Chief Executive Officer, Mike Bradley and our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks, we'll provide details of our performance for the first quarter of 2009 as well as our outlook for the second quarter of 2009. First, I'd like to address some administrative issues. The press release containing our most recent financial results was sent out via Business Wire last evening. Copies are available on our website or by calling Teradyne's Corporate Relations Office at 978-370-2221. This call is being simultaneously webcast over our website at teradyne.com. Note that during this call, we are providing slides on our website that may be helpful to you in following the discussion. To view them, simply access the Investor portion of the site and click on Live Webcast, followed by Click Here for webcast. In addition, replays of this call will be available starting approximately 24 hours after the call ends. The phone replay numbers in the U.S. and Canada is 800-642-1687. Outside the U.S. and Canada the number is 706-645-9291. The pass code for both numbers is 95502319. A web replay will also be available in the same timeframe. You can find it by going to teradyne.com and clicking on Investors. The replays will be available along with the slides through the 14th of May. The matters that we discuss today may include forward-looking statements about events or future financial performance of the company. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties. There can be no assurance that the management's estimates of our future results or other forward-looking statements will be achieved. Actual results can differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Important factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from those presently expected include conditions affecting the markets in which we operate, including decreased product demand, delays in new product introductions, lack of customer acceptance of new products, unanticipated delays and in and cost and expenses relating to the implementation of cost reduction plans, and other events, factors and risks disclosed in our filings with the SEC including but not limited to the risk factor section of Teradyne's annual report on Form 10-K for the ended December 31, 2008. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today. And we do not take any obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. Investors should note that only Mike Bradley, Greg Beecher and I are authorized to provide company guidance. During today's call, we will make reference to the non-GAAP financial measures. We have posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure were available on our website. To view them, go to the Investor portion of the website and click on the GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliation link. Also, you may want to note that between now and our next conference call, Teradyne will be participating in the Cowen & Company's 37th Annual Technology Conference in New York on May 27th, Eric May Luncheons in New York on June 4th and Boston on June 25th, and the UBS Global Technology and Services Conference on June 10th in New York. Now let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, our CEO and President Mike Bradley will review the state of the company and the industry in the first quarter of 2009, and will review our outlook for the second quarter. Then, our Vice-President, Treasurer and CFO, Greg Beecher will provide more details on our financial performance in the first quarter and on our guidance for the second quarter of 2009. We will then answer your questions. For scheduling purposes you should note that we intend to end this call after one hour. Mike?
Michael A. Bradley: Thanks Andy. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I'm going to lead the financial details on the first quarter to Greg, and will only say that our first quarter numbers were inline with our revised guidance that we gave on March 23rd. What I'd like to do this morning is to give you a picture of what's unfolding in the market, to add some color to the new market initiatives we've got in place, and to summarize the trade-offs we've made in our new cost structure. But I hope you'll take a way today some very early signs of the churn in the market. Now it's easy to overdue to these subjects since most companies in the capital equipment sector are eager for any signs of a turnaround no matter how small. So, let me give you a balance view, but one that is slightly more optimistic since our last call. It starts, of course, with the fact that our SOC test business in the first quarter was at rock bottom levels. It couldn't get much lower from a new systems demand standpoint. System bookings were about what we saw in each of the last two quarters of 2001. And you know what the market was doing there. On our last conference call, installed equipment utilization was at 50 or 60% levels in IDMs and in our '07 install base, with some products running at even lower levels. Virtually all of our customers were focused on trying to utilize existing equipment and make no outlays of new capital. As we ended this quarter, the tone is shifted a few degrees. New silicon product grams are being discussed for the second half and we're doing some slot planning to respond to it. May not seem like much, but the flattening to slightly up slope of our Q2 revenue projection is being done in anticipation of some short term CapEx moves in both IDM and OSAT customers. Now, the absolute utilization rates of customers don't just defy much enthusiasm at this point. But the fact is that utilization has started to shift upward and that's promising. We have good traction in the power management area and that's the segment plus wireless where we're seeing signs of life. Market share moves are difficult to measure in a period like this, of course, when there is so little buy. So, the real issue right now is new silicon test development. We've got between 400 and 500 Teradyne applications engineers focused on these efforts, so we ensure steady momentum to extend the share gains made over the last three years. Our Eagle Test business is fully connected at this point, so we're actively selling the ETS product line with our combined distribution system. And we've already got financial results there as we sold our first ETS-88 system in Asia. This is a compact system that can test multiple device types in parallel. And that we'd think we'll have great appeal in the low cost high productivity analog segment. In our Systems Test Group, it's steady as it goes with revenue down slightly from the fourth quarter level. Our defense business is the most stable with orders and shipments driven primarily by deployment within the air forces B depths program. Diagnostic systems had new orders in both automobile and truck sectors in Europe, and in-circuit board test saw continued low ordering from contract manufacturers in Asia. In our new market initiatives, we did book a $31 million multi-system Hard Disk Drive order in the first quarter. As you know from our last call, we have multiple units installed in Asia. And we now expect final acceptance and revenue recognition on those systems in the third quarter. As we've said before this first chunk of 2.5 inch Hard Disk Drive business has very high product in development costs, so it won't make a meaningful impact on the bottom-line. We do expect to gradually improving margin picture in this area for follow-on business as we're aggressively working on number of fronts, including lower cost components and sourcing alternatives. Since, I'm on the subject of new products, I mentioned last quarter that we shift our UltraFLEX high speed memory system for evaluation. That work is proceeding on plan despite a very tough memory CapEx environment. As I said before, we do expect to see revenue for that product in the second half of this year. I also want to comment on our earnings leverage going forward. Greg will take you through some of the details, but the central point is that we've made very significant structural changes in the company this last year. The danger and aggressive actions is of course that you mortgage a future if you make the wrong calls in the short-term. We put great focus on customer support and product development in our new structure. While we have much greater earnings leverage in the recovery, we've been careful to preserve the heart of our business at the same time that we funded some new growth engines. I'll ask Greg to expand on this subject shortly. Finally, I want our investors to know that the workforce Teradyne has shown great backbone for this downturn. Our people have adapted to some very tough choices on workforce sizing, and have joined to cutback on pay and benefits during this period. I'm grateful for the leadership at so many levels in the company, it's just a strong demonstration of there belief and our long term strategy. Now let me turn it over to Greg for the financial perspective.
Gregory R. Beecher: Thanks Mike. I'd like to cover three topics with you today, in addition to providing details on the first quarter. Versus our guidance for Q2 which reflects a modest increase in our Semi-Test revenues offer our Q1 drop level. Second is our cash flow projection and improved balance sheet flexibility and third is our operating leverage with our current cost structure. As you can see in our release, we've increased revenue guidance in the second quarter to 120 to 130 million and decreased our non-GAAP loss to 26 to $0.23 per share. We're coming off of the bottom of some exceptionally low order rates these last few quarters and are positioning ourselves to respond to potential turns business through the quarter. We're staging some finished goods inventory, so we have flexibility in responding to the inherent mix uncertainty. Our System Test business will remain about flat to Q1 levels. Cash consumption in this past quarter was slightly better than projected. With good performance on receivables and capital expenditures, we ended the first quarter with 321 million of cash and marketable securities. Our 190 million in convertible debt offering was well received and closed on April 6th, the first day of the second quarter. So we paid down our bank debt and our operating was about 360 million in cash as we enter the second quarter. And with the significant cost reductions, we should be about cash flow neutral at about a 155 million of quarterly sales excluding balance sheet changes. We expect to exit the second quarter with about 320 million in cash and marketable securities. Our longer term intent is to settle the convertible principal in cash in 2014, and use net shares as to settle the option element. Economic dilution from the convert will occur when our stock price exceeds $7.67. The important story going forward is the leverage of our new model. As you can see in the exhibits we've provided, 15% model profits are now achieved at $275 million in quarterly sales. That's down from $345 million per quarter, just six months ago. As you quickly note that $275 million per quarter is slightly higher than our initial projections as we've decided to invest a bit more in R&D than earlier planned. With the market at a trough, it's of course very difficult to project the slope of the recovery or when we'll hit new mid-cycle revenue levels. But our steady gain in SOC test market share combined with new market revenue growth, should enables us to meet this new performance level going forward. I do want to emphasis that we believe that vast majority of our work on a cost side of the equation is behind us. It made great progress in lowering our end, verbalizing our cost. We've transferred significant amounts of work to our lower cost offshore centers, whether in Board repair, IT support, material sourcing, application engineering and so on. The demands on the organization to reduce cost while we also maintained our R&D roadmap and customer support has been immense. But I firmly believe these actions are behind us and we can focus on growth opportunities into the future. Of the 190 million of annual cost reductions, 80% are permanent reductions. And they are in place now. These reductions are consistent with the principles Mike described around growth, customers and of course cost. As Mike said, we now have a significant first round of 2.5 inch Hard Disk Drive test business in-hand. For the contribution margins, on this first run of business is very low. We do expect to make gradual progress on margin improving going forward. Now to first quarter results. Sales were 121 million and non-GAAP EPS was $0.38 loss per share. The sales were adjusted above the high end of our revised guidance and the non-GAAP EPS was $0.02 better than our revised guidance primarily due to income tax benefits. Now moving through the P&L, sales were down 74 million or 38% from a 195 million in the fourth quarter. Semi-Test account for all but 6 million of the sequential decline as the System Test Group held up better with our MilAero division actually growing with its very strong position in defense program business. Non-GAAP gross margin was 29%, down 11 points from 40% in the fourth quarter, primarily due to lower volume and higher provisions for slow moving inventory. Inventory provisions were 9 million in the first quarter versus 4 million in the fourth quarter. R&D expenses were 47.2 million or 39.1%, sales, compared to 52.2 million or 26.8% of sales in the fourth quarter. SG&A expenses were 55.4 million or 45.9% of sales, compared to 58.5 million or 30% of sales in the fourth quarter. Operating spending of 102 million was down 8 million or 7% from the fourth quarter. Operating spending should bottom up further to about 85 million once the impact of the leasing cost reductions are in place for a full quarter. This also includes the benefit of about 8 million from temporary salary related reductions. Our net interest and other expense was 5.1 million. We've recorded an income tax benefit of 7.8 million, primarily due to benefits from foreign operating losses. And our head count after the most recent 350 personnel reduction will total about 2,900 people. In the first quarter, semiconductor sales were 65% of the total and the System Test Group was 35%. Our book-to-bill ratios for the first quarter were 1.13 for the overall company, 0.83 For Semiconductor Test and 1.68 for the Systems Test Group. At the end of the quarter, our backlogs stood at 252 million, of which 67% is scheduled to shift within the next six months. We booked 31 million for Hard Disk Drive testers that are expected to recognize in revenue in the third quarter. Cash flow using operations hold approximately 72 million, net capital additions for the quarter were a million, depreciation and amortization for the first quarter was 31.6 million, including 6.1 million for stock-based compensation, 8.2 million for acquired intangible asset amortization. Accounts receivable stood at $67 million or 51 days sales outstanding. We ended quarter with product inventory of a 165 million, above flat with 168 million at year-end, as new product inventory in the quarter offset the inventory burn and write-down for existing products. As noted earlier, sales for the second quarter are expected to be between 120 and 130 million. Non-GAAP loss per share for the second quarter is expected to be between 26 and $0.23, and excludes amortization for acquired intangibles, the non-cash amputee interest on the convertible debt and any special items such as further investment write downs. Now turning to the P&L details. We expect gross margins to be between 36 and 38%. R&D should be between 30 and 32%. Then SG&A should run between 38 and 41%. The tax provision should provide a benefit of about 2 million. So in summary we have significantly improved our operating leverage, strengthened our balance sheet, and we're also making very good progress on our new market expansion plans. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Andy.
Andy Blanchard: Thanks Greg. Allison, we'd like to take some questions please.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question is from CJ Muse with Barclays Capital.
CJ Muse - Barclays Capital: Yeah, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I guess first half, I was hoping to run through similar line items for the March quarter. In this Semi-Test product area, can you shed some light on core SOC versus Eagle versus the memory side?
Gregory Beecher: This is Greg. In the first quarter, the flash memory was very low. It was about a million dollars. And the SOC, we'll speak to in total, the SOC in total was 64.5 million. I'm sorry. I just forget bookings, excuse me. The sales, I apologize, were flat for 2.5 million and Semi-Test was 76 million. So the Semi-Test in total was 78.5 million.
CJ Muse - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then on the Semi-Test service side?
Gregory Beecher: Semi-Test service was 38.2 million in the first quarter.
CJ Muse - Barclays Capital: Okay. I can figure out the rest after that. All right. And then, I guess second question on the convert front, can you talk about mechanics of the hedging and how that can impact both cash flows and the income statement?
Gregory Beecher: Okay. I mean first say that how it works economically. Then I'll get into the income statement. There are 34.8 million shares that are connected to the convertible note, and that's based upon 190 million divided by 5.475. And those shares based upon the convertible note hedged that we entered into, we basically would have economic dilution if the stock gets above 7.665 at maturity in 2014. And that's different than how it's accounted for, but let me just make sure that's first understood. Again 34.8 million shares and if the stock goes above 7665 is basically an option. So if stock close at 10 bucks, lets' just say it is a gain of $2.30, times 24.8 million shares and we could settle that with net shares in the future. Now from an accounting basis, it's gets a little more complicated in terms of how the EPS works. And that depends upon what is our EPS level, when is it dilutive not dilutive. And I think it's a little too complex to get into that in this call. We can certainly do that offline.
CJ Muse - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then I guess last question, you talked about slotting for the second half of 2009. Can you talk about where you are seeing strength and whether that is IDM based or OSAT based?
Michael Bradley: The slotting that we're seeing, that we're doing is we're talking about second quarter slotting. Our capacity planning obviously is relatively short, given customer lead time requirements in backlog. But it's in areas like wireless, power management those of the two main ones where we're seeing some capacity planning activity in our customer base. The write-down between IDMs and the OSATs or the specifiers in the OSATs this quarter was 75-25. Last quarter was 85 IDMs, this quarter 75 IDMs. And the OSATs were 15%, last quarter, this quarter 25% because of the total changes. The important thing is the, the OSAT actually have a slight uptick in their Q1 bookings. We don't forecast bookings; we don't break down what's happening but both sides IDM and OSAT are doing or participating in the slotting activity.
CJ Muse - Barclays Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Brett Hodess with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Brett Hodess - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi good morning. I am wondering if you could talk a little bit about the -- on the SOC side you talked earlier about the applications and the application wins. And if you could give us an update on what you're seeing there in terms of new design wins and the timing that you think those will translate into customers needing to at least buy their initial units for capability.
Michael Bradley: Brett, at such a low level of activity that when we were talking in this context that it tends to get it exaggerated but I'll give you some flavor of what's going on in the first quarter and what we are seeing going forward. But the segments that have held up for us have been the strongest in the first quarter and again it's very, very level, have been in RF power management and the microcontroller segment. As we go forward in this coming quarter, the quarter we're in now, we expect some strengthening in RF, additional strengthening in power management, image sensor, which has gone down to pretty low levels in Q1, is going come back a little bit. And then the automotive sector, we expect to see some demand. Now the design-in activity that we are working on over these last 13 weeks, we've had some activity and some design win activity at the socket level in automotive power, power managements, the mobile space, medical instrumentation, embedded flash. So those are the places, but I wouldn't want to -- as I have this discussion, it's so anecdotal its socket-by-socket at this point. We just have a lot of activity going on in that area, because we know that the long term share gains will come as some of those sockets in our customer's base win in the marketplace. But those are the anecdotal points that I can share with you.
Brett Hodess - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And a quick follow on if I could, if you look at where you're in those areas, you are getting some socket wins, do you think that when you get -- when we do get growth whenever that is but hopefully sooner than away ahead, that the mix of your semiconductor test business will be different in such a way that it will change the margin profile? In other words, do you think you'll have a higher mix of FLEX and Eagle test and some of the other power management areas versus say some of the traditional higher end SOC or vice versa that would have an impact on what your margins would like positively or negatively?
Michael Bradley: The short answer is no. I don't think so. The margin -- we are not anticipating a big mix shift. We got 2000 FLEX products out in the marketplace now. 3000 J750s, I guess 1400, 1500 Eagle Testers. So I think we're not going to see a big margin shift as -- nor are we anticipating a big shift in the mix on those products. I guess the important point to say is that the addition of Eagle and the Nextest products does not rationalize or change the product set that we're offering. So we are not taking products out of the market as a result of that, and we don't think we're going to get cannibalization across the boundaries, because they're basically a complementary products. So the short answer is that I don't think we're going to see much in terms of mix shift and therefore margin shift.
Brett Hodess - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question is from Gary Hsueh with Oppenheimer & Company.
Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer: Hi guys, thanks for my questions. Greg, I am just looking at your guidance. I am not sure if I really got a great explanation on exactly why gross margin is jumping up 10 percentage points for at the mid-point only a 4 or 5% increase in revenue. I mean that's a monster moving gross margin, and if you can kind of talk around and explain how we're getting at 36-38% gross margin on 125 when we only got 29% gross margin on 120, that would be helpful?
Gregory Beecher: Gary, the single biggest reason is the inventory provisions we took in the first quarter were about $9 million. And we're not anticipating taking a charge of that magnitude at all in the second quarter. So let's just say there is 7 million or so from lower inventory provisions and then we're going to take out further operations cost consistent with some other cost cutting we've done with other lines, that is latest round of letting go about 20, 50 people also -- the operations group and some of the as well. I apologize for the phone.
Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer: No, I heard you, no worries. So just to be clear, I mean there's really nothing else happening like beneficial mix shift to more instrumentation cards in the June quarter that would not make that 36 to 38% gross margin number on 125 sustainable. I mean that is a hard sustainable number moving forward in our models in September and December?
Gregory Beecher: It is Gary, it is. And again the biggest piece is from some other revisions. The only thing I'm not changing my answer, only I just want to add is when there are brand new products which we're introducing this year, if they ramp faster, generally speaking, the new products have lower margins at the outset but then they work their way to attractive margins. So that's the only other thing I'd say that depending upon when some of the new products that could impact the margins a bit at the outset.
Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer: Okay. Great and just to kind of understand the mechanics here in terms of bookings of revenue, Greg you mentioned -- we haven't recognized any revenue from HDD test, you said that would recognize the majority of the revenues in Q3. And so when I look at your bookings numbers and with no HDD test contributing to revenues in Q2, is it safe to assume basically the rest of the core organic business in terms of bookings is going to hit roughly around 120-130 in the June quarter? And then in terms of revenue in the September quarter, we would just basically on top of that, attack on another $30 million, so something like a 150 for the September quarter is for revenue. Is that kind of how -- just because of the lumpiness of this 30 million HDD test, just want to make sure I got the mechanics of how that rolls out in terms of revenue in bookings in June and September?
Gregory Beecher: Gary, you will see the -- we're anticipating that revenue in the third quarter, as we've said and as you've reinforced. The revenue for second quarter, but I don't want to comment on bookings but the revenue in the second quarter that we're projecting is a function of backlog and of a view that we're going to see most strength there than we saw in the first quarter. That is a pretty low bar since the first quarter was so low. But totally it is moving up. Our early quarter demand is more favorable than it has been in the last two quarters. So that's what's behind the 120 to 130 is some strengthening in the semi test space. But I think you're correct to think about the addition of the $30 million of hard disk drive tester on top of whatever the run rate is for the standard business in Q3.
Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer: Okay, great. And just a final question, now that we have gotten one kind of inorganic growth mechanism or driver here materializing, what about the other two? I was wondering if you can give us a little bit more color or light on what the potential range of revenue contribution would be from the DDR3 high speed DRAM tester in the second half. And any commentary on LCD driver IC testing. I feel it's getting relatively tight on the panel side. Just was wondering if there's any hope for the LCD driver IC tester actually contributing to revenue this year as well.
Michael Bradley: In reverse order, LCD driver is still very quiet for us. So there's not anything that we're commenting on in terms of an uptick there that we can see in the short term. On high speed memory area a little more color than when we talked last quarter and that is a reinforce that we're anticipating revenue in the second half. We are not projecting the size of that revenue because there is a lot of turmoil in the memory CapEx space and the heavy pressure the customers are exerting on their own installed base to try to reuse equipment. The added color is as I said last quarter we have evaluation unit in the field now with a target customer. And that system was a baby unit that's been upgraded to full production configurations. They are evaluating now the product that they would put into production. Hopefully that will occur in the second half of this year but no sizing in terms of revenue forecast on that. We will have to wait until we get out into the third quarter to be able to comment in that area.
Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer: Okay, great and by the way Greg, great job here on execution. Thanks a lot.
Gregory Beecher: Okay. Thanks Gary.
Operator: Your next question is from Satya Kumar with Credit Suisse
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: Hi, just a quick clarification on the DRAM testing, could you say on -- the what's the depth of your customer engagements right now, is it at multiple sites or is it at one site how is it -- how should we think about that?
Michael Bradley: Satya, just a tiny bit of what -- we're talking to lead customers in the space. What we're focusing our energies on a couple of those customers in the early going here to make sure that we're sizing the product and the performance evaluations are done thoroughly with those target customers.
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: And will these customers have systems right now that are production systems, is at the sales right now?
Michael Bradley: No we have system out with our initial partner.
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: Okay, and the other one is sort of an engagement now?
Michael Bradley: Right.
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: Okay, on the hard drive business, you said that the margins initially will be low. I was hoping if you could help quantify that. Is it sort of breakeven gross margins or how should I think about that relative to your current margin levels?
Gregory Beecher: You should think about that as breakeven gross margin on this first $30 million and we would expect to improve that with subsequent buys. But the first round is breakeven. We met an incredibly aggressive schedule and had the downside of doing that was we didn't optimize enough on our costs. So we've gotten much of the product performance and the design-in, but we felt short in cost and we're of directing that now.
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: And if you look at the subcons that are reported so far, they are guiding 60 to 70% of CapEx to be spend with second half. You mention that there was a little bit of uptick in the subcon bookings, but its still pretty low levels or an absolute level. Is there much of subcon revenue that's baked into your second quarter, how is the mix in terms of revenue IDMs have gone in the second quarter?
Michael Bradley: It tracks what the bookings mix was in the first quarter. And likely would be similar to that. I honestly don't have the breakdown from a bookings standpoint. But we're... as you said, it's at a very low level now. Our customers are fabulous IDM customers. And so we'll expect that any capacity expansion would be spread across the IDMs and the OSATs proportional to the way we're been booking.
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: Okay. And lastly just a small question, what should be modeling for interest expense and taxes in Q2?
Gregory Beecher: For Q2, taxes will be about a $2 million benefit and interest would be about $2 billion as well.
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Great. Good morning. Thanks so much for taking the question and congratulations. Couple, couple kind of follow-ups to other questions that have already been asked. Just relative to additional customers for the DRAM Test segment, I heard what you said about where you are with the first couple of customers. But what's the reasonable timeframe to expect orders from multiple customers in the DRAM Test segment? Is that H2 '09 or is that more of the first step 2010 phenomenon?
Michael Bradley: Jim it's probably a 2010 phenomenon.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Okay. For multiple customers or just for even for the initial customer?
Michael Bradley: It really depends on the rate at which the acceptance work and the qualification workers on, combined with the rate at which they are ramping. But just to try to be straight, the efforts right now are very, very concentrated. And we think the long-term success is to do well with the significant customers that we're currently targeting. We'll obviously standout, but I think it's fair to say that the standout probably comes late in the year and into 2010.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Okay. That's helpful. And then I heard what you said about wanting to be careful to size, the revenue opportunity in the segments in the near term. But can you help us understand maybe at the peak of the next cycle, the magnitude of one versus the other HDD Test versus the DRAM Test? I mean which one do you expect to be bigger at the top of the next cycle whenever that is?
Michael Bradley: That's a good question but a tough one. The Hard Disk Drive, both are very concentrated markets. And therefore, there... it's just a few customers that represent the total market. In Hard Disk Drive, the forecast for growth in the 2.5 inch drive space are 40% plus compound annual growth rates. We think that the tooling in that space could be sized anywhere from a market standpoint between a 100 million and $200 million a year, maybe it's a little bit below a 100 at the low end and up to 200 at the high end. And in Hard Disk Drive based upon the trajectory of DDR3 and so on, that is probably the 200 plus, 200 to $400 million per year as you go out and get far enough out in the growth cycles. So, depending upon our ability to penetrate those markets, just probably twice the buying, but one and a half times the twice the buying power in the high speed memory space.
Jim Covello - Goldman Sachs: Great. Terrific. Well, thank you so much and good luck.
Michael Bradley: Thank you.
Gregory Beecher: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from David Duley (ph) with Steelhead.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Thanks for taking my questions. I was wondering if you could give us the breakout of the orders and revenue during the current quarter as a housekeeping question. And then if you can talk about what you think your market share was in SOC and in flash 2008?
Michael Bradley: Okay. Do you want do the breakout Greg, I'll get the market share.
Gregory Beecher: Okay. The breakout of bookings in the first quarter was SOC Test was 64.5 million, flash was a million, and STG made up the balance. The sales were 75.9 million for SOC test, 2.5 for flash and STG made up the balance.
Unidentified Analyst: And then the, I would imagine given your commentary that both of your bookings and the sales number for SOC product inside this was what 15, 20 million?
Gregory Beecher: I'm sorry, I'm not sure I understood that.
Unidentified Analyst: The actual product side of SOC I imagine, because the service number is pretty big number, that these numbers were as you've mentioned rock bottom earlier in your commentaries.
Gregory Beecher: The product side of Semi-Test was $40 million in the first quarter.
Michael Bradley: Okay. Anything else on the, David, I'll talk about market share?
Unidentified Analyst: No. Yeah, I'd love to hear the market share numbers.
Michael Bradley: The share numbers I'll break it down between SOC and memory as you asked. And I'm going to put all of Nextest and Eagle Test and Teradyne altogether. One quick front-end comment as I think I said last conference call. In this last year, the estimates we have for market share movements is that the companies that gain share in the SOC space were Teradyne, Verigy and Eagle Test. And that in memory also Nextest gain shares. So we were able to combine with some good share gaining momentum place with Nextest and Eagle. Total share position as we exited '07 was about 36%. And as we exit '08 we put everyone together we've got about 42% share in SOC. And our share position in memory is last year I remember the memory market last year went to the floors. So went from over $1.5 billion market to about half that. And our share positions was about, we think it's about 8% in that overall market space, and obviously higher in the flash portion.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. One final question is obviously with the semi bookings number on product side being 40 million. You could easily see a very large sequential increase in this upcoming quarter because the number is so low. Can you give us any guidance on what to book-to-bill number might be in the upcoming quarter?
Michael Bradley: Sorry, I can't do it. It's not. The main reason is the visibility is just so short that it's hard to do that. And as you know we don't guide on bookings, but we do guide on the revenue projections. So it's very tough to do that with any accuracy.
Unidentified Analyst: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Timothy Arcuri with Citi.
Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup: Hi. Couple of things. I would think of that slug-off HDD bookings in March was somewhat a one timer. So, can you kind of tell us what the right sort of run rate there is moving forward on that business?
Michael Bradley: That is hard to say. And the reason is that the customers that we are engaged with our, most of the customers do big slugs of tooling at a time. So, it's very tough to project how much that could be on an annual basis. I think if they tool on an annual basis, it could be about this level. Single customers could account for anywhere from 20 to $40 million per customer in a year. But we honestly don't have enough track record here with those customers to see whether they buy, they are going to buy in a different pattern than once a year or twice a year. We'll just have to wait and see how that works out. But we do know that the individual, certainly the individual order we got at the front end was a large multi-system order. And it looks as if that pattern is going to continue going forward versus the Semi-Test market where you get one or two systems at a time.
Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup: Okay. So that was just so unclear, so that was from one single customer, right?
Michael Bradley: That's right.
Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup: Okay. And do you have penetration at customers beyond that customer?
Michael Bradley: Not yet.
Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup: Okay. And can you give us an update on the lawsuit there, I believe that there is a lawsuit going on. Can you kind give us some color on that?
Michael Bradley: Unfortunately, I'm going to give you a pat answer on that, and that is that we're engaged in that and we are planning to defend our position as that moves forward. I can't comment with any color on it beyond that.
Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup: But I'm just wondering is it kind of going to trial, you know what stages of that?
Michael Bradley: It's at the discovery stage at this point.
Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup: Discovery, okay. And then can you, I found your DDR3 tester numbers interesting. If you compare that tester opportunity for DDR3 relative to say kind of a Probe Card opportunity, and you look at what the delta was at DDR and DDR2, the tester opportunity was much bigger than the Probe Card opportunity at DDR and DDR2. Yet based on the numbers that you gave, it seems like that tester opportunity is going to be about the same as the Probe Card opportunity at DDR3. Is there are some sort of structural dynamic that's happening, that's making or that's kind of cannibalizing the tester opportunity vis-à-vis the Probe Card opportunity at DDR3 versus say DDR or DDR2?
Michael Bradley: It's a thing that clogging the picture. I know the question was asked to about get passed the cloud and into the normal run rate. So, I don't think we're adding anything to this that says here is a fundamental discontinuity that's occurring. It's more the how customers use their installed base and reuse their installed base, is a factor. And that is accentuated in the current market. We don't know for sure how that plays out long-term, but we think that market is a multi $100 million market that we can participate in.
Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup: Okay. I guess I'm just wondering weather you feel like our DDR3 that it's more important that you have to move into the probe card business or you have to have some sort of a foothold in the probe card segment because it becomes much more important?
Michael Bradley: Not at this point.
Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from CJ Muse with Barclays Capital.
CJ Muse - Barclays Capital: Yeah hi, thank you. I guess quick question on the OpEx side. Big variability in your guide, I guess given the range of revenues but looks like 82 to 95 million -- I guess I was expecting further cost downs looking into the second half of the year. Are there one-time charges in there or I guess could you help me think about modeling the OpEx through the second half of the year?
Gregory Beecher: Sure. The OpEx, let me give you just a little bit of history. The OpEx in the fourth quarter with Eagle and Nextest was 111 million. In the first quarter we took that down 9 million to 102 million. Our second quarter guidance would suggest OpEx of about 88 million. So we're taking it down about 14 million. And I say, I suggest 88 because if I took the percentages and apply them to the high and low range, I'd find that the high percentages against the low revenue number is 88, and the lower percentages against the high revenue number is 88. So I conclude that 88 is what we are signaling. And we said in my prepared comments that we probably get to about mid 85, mid 80s once the cost reductions are in for a full quarter. Some of the reductions, a big chunk of them took place early in this quarter, but so we didn't get the full benefit in the second quarter. The full benefit we should get in the third quarter. So we'd expect the third quarter to be at about 85 million as well as the fourth quarter. I should also add that, this 85 million of OpEx that we get to in Q3 and Q4, this is the level we're at when we're living on flooded water. So if business does come back which we'll hope it does, the OpEx will come up a bit because the variable compensation will kick in and/or some of the salary reductions. It's always possible we reverse those. Our OpEx model when we get to healthy profit is about 95 million. So you can think about a range from 85 to 95 and here if it could be higher than that for above model profitability.
CJ Muse - Barclays Capital: That was good. And then just last question. How should we think about a tax rate for 2009?
Gregory Beecher: I wouldn't think about a rate because I don't that will help you. I think what I would plan is when these losses will probably have a small benefit say $2 million a quarter or credit. And I think when we turn into profitable times in the future, the tax rate is going to be very low, because our NOLs are going to be quite large. So I think for the foreseeable future, it's either small credits or it's very low tax rate and maybe the expense when we turn profitable is 10%, 15%, it's somewhere in that range.
CJ Muse - Barclays Capital: Very helpful, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Auguste Richard with Piper Jaffray.
Auguste Richard - Piper Jaffray: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Can you talk about going forward what you see in terms of incremental test requirements DDR3 and sort of the socket you're working on, what's the incremental driver to drive new demand?
Michael Bradley: You are talking about our high speed memory space.
Auguste Richard - Piper Jaffray: Yes or either high speed memory or SOC or DRAM, where do you see the requirements in devices driving the need to upgrade the tester base?
Michael Bradley: Well in the SOC space, I think in the memory space, it's speed and density. In other words, parallelism and higher speeds for the DDR3, DDR4 generation of cards and the graphics DDR parts. Those will all demand higher performance going forward on speed and on density. I don't think that's a new theme, that's just the continuation of what the memory market has been experiencing over the generations of parts. In the SOC space, it's an integration story. There is two things going on, and that is higher integration so that the range of instrumentation required is lighter and lighter. At the same time our customers are doing tremendous amount of work on increasing parallelism for both simple and complex devices. So this discussion that we've been having over the last year that has been in the RF space and port count and parallelism is mirrored in all of the instrumentation that exists inside the systems. So we expect to see a continuation on that access. At the same time the lower end, lower cost products, the products that have smaller footprints and smaller capital costs, do have a place and a significant place in the 750 in our product line and the ETS product line from Eagle I think prove that with almost 5000 of those testers in the world. One of the things that is emerging at that low end, we've got an interesting offering in the ETS product space which is called ETS-88 product, very new product that Eagle has just brought out. First orders are now in, and it's -- think about it as four-in-one low end tester. In other words, it's really 4x, four testers can operate independently and the test different devices all at the same time. So that's another innovation but it carries on the theme of handling a variety and handling things in parallel. So I think that's the general theme you're going to see. The good news from our end is that we've got consolidation of platforms now, and we're able to provide more of our engineering in instrumentation going forward versus platform investments.
Auguste Richard - Piper Jaffray: Got it, and then in your installed base that's out in the field, as demand improves what do you think the mix is between upgrade versus new chassis? And if you could just kind of help me, as we recover is there an installed base or chassis that could just get new instrumentation and sort of new and upgrade cycle on the backend or do you really need more new chassis and we talk about it across the various markets that will be helpful.
Michael Bradley: Well, there's definitely going to be additional system or chassis as you call it, capacity growth. Right now that is extremely -- but as the unit device growth turns back up, there would be added capacity from a chassis standpoint. And the installed base will always be available for this upgrade. I don't think there's a ratio that you can put on that, but the installed base does capture -- Greg, do you have a feel for what percentage that is --
Gregory Beecher: I think upgrades are 15% but they can vary quite a bit depending upon volumes plus --
Michael Bradley: Right volumes slip to denominator.
Auguste Richard - Piper Jaffray: Okay, thanks. And then just real quickly, is there going to be a restructuring charge in the second quarter and how large might that be?
Gregory Beecher: Yes, there is a restructuring charge in the second quarter, that charge is about $12 million. And there is also a charge for inventory step up, that's purchasing account. But the restructuring charge is 12 million.
Auguste Richard - Piper Jaffray: Got it. Thanks so much
Gregory Beecher: And operator we have time for just one more question please.
Operator: Your next question will be from Mary Lee from Stifel Nicolaus.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is Mary for Patrick. Do you have the stock option expense for the quarter?
Michael Bradley: Hi, yes we do.
Michael Bradley: Hang on Mary, just one SEC.
Gregory Beecher: Give us one second. We may have to call you, you can pick it offline. I am not sure I have the exact number in front of me.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Sure it's fine. Thank you.
Andy Blanchard: Okay operator. Thank you and if certainly there are further questions you can call me. This is Andy Blanchard directly at our office here in North Reading.
Michael Bradley: Thank you everyone. We will talk to you next quarter. Okay thank you.
Operator: Thank you all for participating in today's Teradyne Q1 2009 quarter update conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Andy Blanchard – VP, IR Mike Bradley – President and CEO Greg Beecher – CFO
Analysts: Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer [Jenny Jones] – JPMorgan Timothy Arcuri – Citi Jim Covello – Goldman Sachs [Davis] – Credit Suisse Patrick Ho – Stifel Nicolaus Brett Hodess – Bank of America CJ Muse – Barclays Capital Gus Richard – Piper Jaffray Steven Pelayo – HSBC Mehdi Hosseini – Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Company
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kimberley, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Teradyne Quarter Four 2008 Earnings Call. (Operator Instructions). I will now turn the call over to Andy Blanchard, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Andy Blanchard: Thank you, Kimberley. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I'm joined this morning by our Chief Executive Officer, Mike Bradley and our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks, we'll provide you with details of our performance for the fourth quarter of 2008 as well as our outlook for the first quarter of 2009. First, however, I'd like to address some administrative issues. The press release containing our most recent financial results was sent out via the Business Wire last evening. Copies are available on our website or by calling Teradyne's Corporate Relations at 978-370-2221. This call is being simultaneously webcast over our website at teradyne.com. Note that during this call, we're providing some slides on our website that will summarize and reinforce some of the highlights. They may be helpful to you in following the discussion. To view them, simply access the Investor portion of our site and click on live webcast followed by click here for webcast. In addition, replays of this call will be available starting approximately 24 hours after the call ends. The phone replay number in the US and Canada is 800-642-1687. Outside the US and Canada, the number is 706-645-9291. The pass code for both numbers is 80439247. A web replay will also be available in the same timeframe. You'll find it by going to teradyne.com and clicking on Investors. The replays will be available along with the slides through the 12th of February. The matters that we discuss today may include forward-looking statements about events or the future financial performance of the company. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties. There can be no assurance that management's estimates of our future results or other forward-looking statements will be achieved. Actual results can differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those presently expected include conditions affecting the markets in which we operate including uncertainties related to the global economy in general, continued volatility, and further deterioration in the financial markets including uncertainties and disruption in credit markets and the availability of credit; decreased product demand; delays in new product introductions; lack of customer acceptance of new products; the ability to realize the synergies in cost savings from the integration of Eagle Test Systems with Teradyne's existing operations. Difficulties by management and successfully implementing the cost reduction plans, unanticipated delays and costs and expenses related to the implementation of the cost reduction plans. The impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets and other events, factors and risks previously and from time-to-time disclosed in our filings with the SEC including, but not limited to risk factors section of Teradyne’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the ended December 31, 2007. Additionally, those forward-looking statements are made as of today. And we do not take any obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. Investors should note that only Mike Bradley, Greg Beecher and I are authorized to provide company guidance. During today's call, we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We have posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure were available on our website. To view them, go to the Investor portion of our web site and click on the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation. Also, you may want to note that between now and our next conference call, Teradyne will be participating in Oppenheimer 6th Annual Vail Semiconductor Summit, February 19th and 20th in Vail, the Goldman Sachs Technology and Internet Conference, February 25th through 27th in Las Vegas. And the Morgan Stanley Technology Conference, March 2nd through 4th in San Francisco. And now let's get on with the rest of the Agenda. First, our CEO and President Mike Bradley will review the state of the company and in the industry in the fourth quarter of 2008, and then we'll review our outlook for the first quarter of 2009. Then our Vice-President, Treasurer and CFO, Greg Beecher will provide more details on our financial performance in the fourth quarter and on our guidance for Q1 2009. We will then answer your questions. For scheduling purposes, you should note that we intend to end this call after one hour. Mike?
Mike Bradley: Thanks, Andy. Good morning everybody. Since the daily news is dominated by speculation about the world economy including the depth and duration of the recession, and I can add my voice to that discussion today. What I do want to do though is to focus my comments on two things. First, is to describe what we are doing in the areas over which we have control, particularly on the cost front. And, second, to take a step back and outline how our strategic position has developed over the last year, and why I believe, we can exploit or recovery whenever it occurs. First, let me give a quick rundown on the results for this last quarter and a reiteration of our revenue guidance for the first quarter. As you know, revenue and earnings were just about the low end of our guidance. We actually had very little in the way of cancellations as customers who had orders in backlog took delivery on schedule throughout the quarter. But, the new order pipeline dropped sharply. Total orders dropped about 14% from Q3 levels, but new system orders were up significantly, especially, in semi-test, which declined more than 60%. So it's hard to find many bright spots in these numbers, but our Mil Aero and Automotive business unit did have good quarterly bookings in both systems and service. You can see that we are guiding revenues down by about 35% in the first quarter in response to this widespread cutback in the customer demand. We think this is pretty close to base level of revenues as it is built upon our ongoing service business on a more steady program base business in automotive and defense system's test and on a small new technology buying component in all the businesses. So, in a short-term, we're going to be in a tough environment. We're in a semiconductor test market that's running at a size last seen in the early nineties, with equipment utilization rates at the 50% to 70% level depending upon customer and platform type. And where there is a very little optimism voice by customers, regardless of region, our market segment. Which brings me to my first point and that is what we're doing in cost reduction. In short form is that we're taking significant cost cutting actions near-term that will reduce our annual operating expenses by about a $140 million and will also reduce our quarterly breakeven from $270 million to $210 million by the middle of this year. That compares to a breakeven of approximately $300 million per quarter about a year ago, assuming now we had, both Nextest and Eagle Test in the fold then. So, on an apples-to-apples basis, it's a very, very significant reduction. Greg will go into greater detail on this in a few minutes and he will also outline our cash management strategy going forward. Now, part of our cost down plan was already baked in as we described to you last quarter. Things like a roll off in some engineering projects as well as some synergies from our combination with Eagle Test but we're taking more significant cost reductions as we gear up for very, very uncertain demand environment. The way to think about this is that about $0.80 of every dollar we're taking out as a permanent reduction, we've consolidated some fields operations, we're lowering our service infrastructure inline with lower system loading at customers and any in-house manufacturing cost from being tailored to current revenue levels. In addition, we've instituted a series of temporary measures including salary cuts. That will allow us to run at a lower cost level as we look for signs of recovery. Some of these measures will come back overtime. So Greg's breakeven and cash flow projection affected these in and you will go through that in his discussion. The bottom line is that given the market conditions, we are being as creative as possible. So we can prioritize product development and customer support while we retain our core talent and our ability to respond when the situation wants. Our longer-term focus remains on strengthening our core SOC test business and expanding our share of market for long-term growth. At this time last year, we were completing our acquisition Nextest. Since then we've made three additional growth investments all of which will be visible during this coming year. First, by adding Eagle Test to our SOC test portfolio, we gained a solid footprint in analog dominant SOC applications. Second, our investments in high speed memory, we will see market entry in 2009. And third, our hard disk drive initiative should produce revenue for us in the 2.5-inch hard disk drive market this year. I am sure you all know the Eagle Test story. In November, we added their strong product line, very efficient engineering and support team and an attractive over the cycle financial model. We've already combined our field organizations and gained some cost synergies important as the demand decline in Eagle Test is actually similar to that in our other SOC test businesses. In high speed memory, we've installed an early version of our UltraFLEX system with our lead customer, and it's performing well its early check out phase, so we are very encouraged by the systems performance and also by the intensive engagement with our lead customer. And in the hard disk drive market, we also have initial system installations. And these systems continue in their evaluation and acceptance phase. Add this to the Magnum II introduction in 2008 for Nextext for higher speed flash memory and multi-chip package test, and five new SOC products in the FLEX family, and we've added significant fire power for when the market recovers. But in the short-term, we're expecting virtually no capacity buying. We do expect any demand will be tied to new silicon technology so our new products in (inaudible) especially in the Asia region. So, my basic message this morning is brutal market conditions near-term, significant actions to manage costs and some very important new products to expand our market presence and drive our long-term growth. Now, let me turn it over to Greg for the financial perspective. 
Greg Beecher: Thanks, Mike, and good morning everyone. I would like to address upfront two issues that are probably on all of your minds. Our breakeven plans as we head into 2009 and how well-positioned are we with cash. First, as we all know there has been no shortage of negative news over the last three months that global economic have semiconductor industry conditions have weakened considerably. And more importantly, there is no short-term recovery insight. Consequently, we're implementing additional cost reductions in 2009, which when combined with our earlier announced reductions for 2009 totaled approximately at $140 million on an annualized basis. These cost reductions were very significant, should not affect our most critical market expansion plans. The vast majority of these reductions are permanent in nature, such as savings from an additional 14% headcount reduction or about one-fifth are temporary reductions such as savings from broad-based pay cuts. As our cash breakeven plans are more important at this stage, I will translate these reductions first into our 2009 quarterly EBITDA breakeven target numbers. We expect that our quarterly EBITDA breakeven level will be about $190 million in the first quarter and about $165 million in the remaining quarters of 2009. You may recall that last quarter we described plans to lower our quarterly EBITDA breakeven level from about $235 million, which modeled in the Eagle Test acquisition to $215 million or less by the middle of 2009. These reductions amount to over 25% at the EBITDA breakeven line. From an ongoing operating model perspective, which factors in the permanent savings only, we would need about $200 million in quarterly revenues to achieve our 15% operating profit target. Prior to these actions, you may recall that we needed about $345 million in quarterly revenue to achieve our 15% model operating profit. These cost reductions lower our ongoing operating breakeven model, which includes depreciation of stock-based compensation to $215 a quarter in the second quarter of 2009, versus our prior target of $250 million or less. Now, let me give some more information to run out the shorter-term cash picture. We start 2009 with gross cash and marketable securities of $374 million. This is after paying approximately $250 for Eagle Test drawn down a $122.5 million under a three-year bank revolver, and generating over $30 million from operating activities. We expect to end the first quarter with just over $300 million in cash and marketable securities. Now, on a run rate basis, if our sales were at the midpoint of the first quarter guidance, that is factored in a full quarter of the reductions and ignoring balance sheet changes, we'll be using between $25 million and $30 million of cash a quarter. Obviously, as sales stay at this very depressed level, we would expect to take further actions as necessary. In the first quarter San Francisco will consume approximately $14 million in cash and $15 million will be consumed for the normal year end settlement of annual employee liabilities. Subsequent to the first quarter, the remaining severance payments total of approximately $17 million, which will be paid in 2009. This expected cash and market securities level of just over $300 million at the end of the first quarter and our balance sheet strength position us for sufficient liquidity to maintain our market expansion strategy. In summary, we are lowering our ongoing cash requirements with these significant cost reductions improving our long-term model and making very good progress with a new product initiatives as Mike described that expand our server market. Now to the fourth quarter results. First I should mention that the fourth quarter results are preliminary and that we have yet to determine the amount of the goodwill and possible other intangible asset write-downs. Note that these preliminary results also include Eagle Test results from a acquisition date of November 14th. Sales were $194.8 million, which includes $2.5 million from the acquisition of Eagle Test and the non-GAAP loss per share was $0.19, which includes a $0.03 loss from the acquisition of Eagle Test. Gross margins were 40%, down 3 points from 43% in the third quarter, primarily due to lower volume offset partially with a lower inventory provision than in the prior quarter. R&D expenses were $52.2 million, or 26.8% of sales compared to $53 million, or 17.8% of sales in the third quarter. SG&A expenses were $58.5 million, or 30% sales compared to $58.6 million, or 19.7% of sales in the third quarter. Eagle Test added $1.5 million to our R&D spending and $3 million to SG&A. Otherwise, operating spending was down $5 million in total.
 : In the fourth quarter, semiconductor sales were 75% of the total and the System Test Group was 25%. On a geographic basis, our fourth quarter sales broke down as follows: Asia 43%, US 25%, Europe 16%, Japan 14% and rest of the world 2%. Our book-to-bill ratios for the fourth quarter were 0.87 for the overall company, 0.68 for semiconductor test and 1.46 for the system test group. At the end of the quarter, our backlog stood at $236 million of which 65% is scheduled to shift within the next six months. On a geographic basis, our bookings for the fourth quarter were distributed as follows: US 48%, Asia 26%, Europe 15%, Japan 10% and rest of the world 1%. Cash flow from operations after deducting net capital additions of $3.3 million totaled approximately $31.8 million in the fourth quarter. Depreciation and amortization for the fourth quarter was $28.6 million, including $5.8 million of stock-based compensation and $7 million for acquired intangible asset amortization. Accounts receivable stood at $109.6 million. Excluding Eagle Test, our day sales outstanding was reduced to 49 days from 60 days in the prior quarter. We ended the quarter with product inventory of $168 million, up $121 million in the third quarter due to the acquisition of Eagle Test. Sales for the first quarter are expected to be between $125 million and $145 million. This includes $60 million for service and about $65 million to $85 million for products. Non-GAAP loss per share for the first quarter is expected to between $0.31 and $0.38 and excludes amortization for acquired intangibles, restructuring and special items. Now turning to P&L details, we expect gross margins to be between 33% and 37%. R&D should be between 32% and 37% and SG&A should run between 40% and 47%. The tax provision should be about $1 million. In summary, despite the very difficult environment, we have position the company to be much leaner and healthier over a full cycle while maintaining an aggressive market expansion plan. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Andy.
Andy Blanchard:  Thanks, Greg. Kimberley, we would now like to take some questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Gary Hsueh of Oppenheimer.
Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Question here on HDD. Are you seeing a benefit in terms of HDD already in terms of bookings and the flow through is yet to come in terms of revenue? Can you kind of breakout in Q4, your system test and your semi test bookings?
Mike Bradley:  $we don't, Gary it's Mike. We don't have anything on the books in HDD. We can breakout the other bookings for you.
Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer: Okay, so you're not actually booking HDD yet on the books, but do you expect to sometime in '09 revenue flow through should happen as well sometime in '09?
Mike Bradley:  That's the objective, correct.
Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer: Okay. My second question is just on inventory. Your inventory numbers, I'm not sure if you walked through that, but it kind of popped up sort of significantly in the December quarter, what's kind of driving that? Maybe that might have been the HDD test business, but can you explain why inventory levels left in Q4 to 168?
Greg Beecher: Hi, Gary. This is Greg the inventory jumped in the fourth quarter, because of Eagle Test, Eagle Test carried a large amount of inventory than we do relative to sales. Then there is also a purchase accounting adjustment under GAAP that added about $16 million to fair value their inventory, so the increase was basically all Eagle Test. 
Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer: Okay and my final question is just about taxes. I see that you guided to a $1 million tax provision, and you kind of wrote down a lot of the short-term and long-term differed tax assets. What should we be modeling for your tax rate in terms of 2009 for the full year? And just if you could answer that question first, that would be helpful.
Greg Beecher: If the year is a difficult year, which you expected to be might, you might just model $1 million or $2 a quarter and expense and not use a rate I just put a $1 or $2 as expense. 
Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer: Okay and then in Q4 of 2004, I think you wrote down roughly $300 million in deferred tax assets that are now kind of off balance sheet NOLs. Is that about right, and do we just kind of add to that off balance sheet NOL kind of asset value roughly another $20 million is that the right way to think about it?
Greg Beecher: Well, in terms of off balance sheet. Let me give that number first. We have about $210 million of NOLs that are off balance sheet that will shield us against taxes principally in the US. We also have credits in the US which dollar-for-dollar $15. So any taxes we have generally speaking are going overseas and sales locations such as Japan. We might have a $1 million or $2 million tax through the year depending on how the income falls in various countries.
Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jenny Jones (ph) of Morgan Stanley.
[Jenny Jones] – JPMorgan:  Hi. It’s Jennie Jones from JPMorgan. Just a couple of quick questions. First, what was the linearity of your orders during the quarter and you have they trended in January?
Mike Bradley: Jenny, we don't comment on current quarter orders. I actually don't know exactly, but I think I’m going to be accurate to tell you that the orders were, I'd say because of so much service content it maybe a confusing quarter for you. Actually we had the traditional hockey stick that you would see in a normal environment quarter, but if you said how were the system bookings projected that would be reversed. The system bookings tailed-off and got softer towards the end of the quarter.
[Jenny Jones] – JPMorgan:  I see, so service went up at the end of the quarter?
Mike Bradley: Yeah, what happens in the service contracts is we have a rolling of renewal of service contracts by, it’s just a cumulative function that many of our service contracts mature in the fourth quarter and are reset then. And this quarter, companies were in tremendous lockdown kinds of operations, and were trying to make determinations of how much equipment that we are going to put on service and so on. So there was a different kind of delay factor in that this quarter.
[Jenny Jones] – JPMorgan:  I see. Okay, and then do you think markets are all for a bottom or there are things on the horizon that can make the situation worse?
Mike Bradley: Well, I think, we are awfully close to an order bottom. What drives orders are three things. There is a capacity buy component, there is a technology buy for new devices, new silicon. And then there is what I call kind of inefficiency component and that is there would be pockets of buying where there might be over capacity in the entire world population, but under capacity in a pocket. And right now, there is virtually no capacity buying. And there is a little bit of the other two. There is technology buying and there is a little inefficiency in the market. And so I think, we're at or pretty close to the bottom levels here on bookings. I'm saying this about semi test. Our other businesses have got different buyer rhythms to them that have a bit more long program based tool and so, automotive diagnostics, Mil Aero business, those are tended to be steadier through this storm.
[Jenny Jones] – JPMorgan:  Excellent and and thanks for the granularity. And then just one last question, can you provide more detail on the utilization rates maybe by customer or by platform types that you were saying earlier?
Mike Bradley: Whenever I give that to you in, I got it here. Hang on, in the Semi Test business, we track that between our IDM population and our subcons and if you give one second, I'll dig it out here. Here it comes. If you go from the September quarter to the December quarter, the overall utilization, I said there was a range, but if you took it all together, it's in the 60's and it went down more severely in our subcon and in the OSATs. Then, it's a kind of 2 to 1 percentage decline, so round numbers, 8% or 9% in the IDM sector. So they are in the 70 to 80 range and down about twice that in the subcon so the OSATs are in the high 50s range. And if you look by platform it obviously is all over the map. Some products are chugging away and others that are very ideal.
[Jenny Jones] – JPMorgan:  Okay, great thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri of Citi.
Timothy Arcuri – Citi:  Hi, guys, a couple of things. You had mentioned last call. Obviously, this has changed but I just wanted to get your update that you thought that $150 million to $200 million would be your goal for '09 in terms of sheer new product bookings, and of that I think you had a $100 million, which was coming from HDD, can you give us an update on those numbers now?
Mike Bradley: Actually HDD was not in that set of numbers. We were talking about a set of semi test products. That whole discussion last year was around semi test products, mostly around FLEX and our J750 product. So it didn't actually include our memory, our Nextest products it didn't include any of our systems test product, so in that respect it's a better story than you were outlining there. But anyway, you are right. We had a target of $150 million to $200 million, we are in very good shape halfway through the year. We ended up just under the low end of that. I think it was a round number about a $135 million might have been $138, I can’t remember exactly, but it was 90% of the low end of the market. And quite frankly it was all caused by the fourth quarter. We were on a pretty good trajectory. The pluses there were our wireless fifth generation instrumentation. We have a high-density digital option for the UltraFLEX and we had some new models of the 750.  So, we didn't make the target, but we had a very momentum on them and there are some of standup instrumentation products in that portfolio.
Timothy Arcuri – Citi:  Well, let me ask you this way. So of the $1.1 billion for '08 revenue, how much of that was acquisition-related? So, I’m basically trying to look at '09 and I’m trying to say, if I think that your core business is down X% than I can kind of layer on top of that new products and I can kind of add incrementally what you'll do in these new products, so what is the base number in 2008 that strips out the acquisitions and it strips out the new products?
Greg Beecher: Okay. This is Greg. For 2008, Nextest was $79 million, Eagle Test was $2.5 million, so about $18 million of non-organic bookings.
Timothy Arcuri – Citi:  Okay, so then layered on top of that, I’m going to make my own assumptions in terms of what I think your core business will do in '09. But layered on top of that number, what should I expect in terms of incremental new products? So, I’m talking about DDR3, talking about HDD products, what's the incremental revenue numbers I can lay on top of that this year?
Mike Bradley: We're not projecting, Tim, the revenue on those at this point it is consistent with we always said in the past. We're going to start to register in when we hit revenue with those product and we're not trying to be evasive about it. It's just that it's the timing of that revenue that moves a little bit on us. We got clear objective milestones on the design end, but the volume or the total revenue on them is very hard for us to get a feel for right now because of what's going on in the customer base.
Greg Beecher:  And Tim, it is also second half of 2009, as you get closer, we maybe will be able to give you a better picture of what it's likely, but right now it's too difficult to a fence around the numbers.
Timothy Arcuri – Citi:  Understood. But you had previously given a number for the HDD business of about $100 million. So, I'm wondering, even if I just look at HDD, you should be able to do, or if I look at that number, you should be able to do with all the new products I would think you should be able to an incremental $100 million when you add all those new product together.
Mike Bradley:  Yes. Well, let me just respond to HDD. HDD, we would not expect to be $100 million. And there is some confusion, Tim, because we're looking around saying, we don't know who said a $100 million on HDD. That's been uncertain. It's a very high growth segment of the hard disk drive market. But it really depends on how much we are able to penetrate. Our objective is to get in with lead customers, two lead customers. And if we do that, we think the upside is very strong. Overtime we would see the possibility building $100 million business. But, honestly, it's hard to draw the slope of that at this point.
Timothy Arcuri – Citi:  Okay. Last one for me then, can you give me what the memory, out of the $146 million that you did in Semi Test in Q4? How much of that was in memory, and specific to that, typically you have some insights on timing around DDR3, and that's continued to kind of push out. But what's your current thinking based upon what you hear from your customers as to when DDR3 really kicks in?
Greg Beecher:  All right, I'll get onto it. Yes. But the flash in the fourth quarter was $15.5 million revenue.
Mike Bradley: Tim, on the timing, there has been actually a push by our lead customer around pulling in rather than pushing out on the next-generation high performance memory side. So I think the question is when that product gets accepted, and when the customer starts to ramp in volume. All we can say right now is, we are driving to get that product accepted so we could get the first revenue point hopefully in the second half of '09, hopefully in the front end of that second half. That’s our objective, what that ramps to, is very tough to call. We actually don't have an estimate of what that volume would be. But those tend to be pretty sizeable systems because they are attacking very high parallel applications, so the system unit-by-unit is pretty hefty.
Greg Beecher:  Okay, thanks.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Jim Covello of Goldman Sachs.
Jim Covello – Goldman Sachs:  Good morning, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question, two from me. First, can you talk to us a little bit about the dynamic particularly on the memory tester? How much R&D you are spending now that you won't have to spend as the product ramps, so you should see a little bit of double-leverage effect to get some revenue as it ramps and you shouldn't need to spend as much R&D as you have over the last period. How much of that R&D is kind of coming down already versus how much is still yet to come down?
Greg Beecher :  Jim, this is Greg. First of all 2008 we over 20% of our R&D is either went to memory or hard disk drive, the bulk of it's certainly memory. And both of those fall off in 2009 as the products come to maturity, so that’s a big help and then, when the revenue comes in that could be delayed given the market environment, but the revenue would be late 2009 if the customers keep their schedule.
Jim Covello – Goldman Sachs:  Great, and then relative to cost savings you talked about the $140 million and you gave us some thoughts around what EBITDA breakeven would be. Am I to infer to that you will achieve all of that cost savings by Q2 of 09?
Greg Beecher :  That’s true. The only thing I should add Jim is that I’ve included the temporary savings, broad-based paycuts and the EBITDA break-even number as those reductions are likely to be in effect for the entire year. 
Jim Covello – Goldman Sachs:  Okay, so, the sort of expense model, we can model as – if you’re going to model flattish revenue, we would model flatter expenses after Q2. 
Greg Beecher :  Correct.
Jim Covello – Goldman Sachs:  Okay great. Thank you very much. I appreciate it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Satya Kumar of Credit Suisse. 
[Davis] – Credit Suisse: For the quarter--
Mike Bradley: Satya, we can't hear you. Try again.
[Davis] – Credit Suisse: Hello, can you hear me?
Mike Bradley: Now that’s perfect. 
[Davis] – Credit Suisse: Okay yeah this is Davis for Satya. Okay yeah actually couple of questions. The first one is could you provide what the split between IDM specifiers for and OSAT for the quarter?
Greg Beecher : I didn’t but I can. Yes I think 8515 is close – yeah that’s – that’s what it was last quarter. It was 8317, yeah, you’re right, specifiers were 83 last quarter that’s Q3, 17% was the OSAT, now it’s 8515 so the OSAT still declined at a rate faster than the IDM. And than back in Q2 as you remember 4555 so it’s split. 
[Davis] – Credit Suisse: Right. So, that means we expect in so much so that there must be some technology investment and IDM segment given this downturn and can you provide any granularity on which kind of end markets you're seeing kind of relative strength with regards to your design wins from your power or microcontrollers or other segments?
Greg Beecher : Well, two things I do, is that in the short term, even though it was a -- there was a pretty spare quarter here in Q4. The segments that drove it to the extent that we did have volume, there were power management, image sensor and then, processor based gaming system, ESIX. So, those were the three segments that were the drivers in the fourth quarter. Overall, though, if I open the aperture up and go back through '08, we were able to gain some share in the business. And that was driven by Bluetooth wireless, the ESIX business I've talked about, automotive, power management, server controllers, those were the pockets and inside those segments there were some specific design end platforms, design ends that will play out with greater volume over time. But that would be the least of the top drivers.
[Davis] – Credit Suisse:  Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Mehdi Hosseini of FBR. Mehdi, your line is open. Mehdi's question has now withdrawn and the next question comes from the line of Patrick Ho of Stifel Nicolaus.
Patrick Ho – Stifel Nicolaus: As your, the 215 is that the target on the operating breakeven line?
Mike Bradley: Hey Patrick would you mind repeating it, you got cut off in the beginning.
Patrick Ho – Stifel Nicolaus: Sorry about that, just one quick clarification. When you said operating breakeven reductions, you said 250 to 215 right to 250?
Mike Bradley: Correct.
Patrick Ho – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. In terms of the Eagle Test integration, how are you working with your customers in terms of both support and integration as well as your product roll back going back?
Mike Bradley: Patrick the fund end integration is done meaning that we've consolidated all of the field operations, both account management, application and service support. So the single to those customers. That created some synergies for us because we are able to consolidate some of the leadership positions on the account side. As far as the product road maps go. We've reiterated with our customers that the portfolio of products that we got the Eagle acquisition are the ones we are backing for the long term. They have a very strong low cost high productivity platform, on power management analog-dominant SOC. And while there is a little overlap as you look at devices becoming more analog and digital integrated the space that they reside in, is essentially. They've got the dominant position in that space. So we've reinforced with customers that A. The portfolio of products is complimentary to what we've got in ours. And B. despite the tremendous contraction in the market, there is no change in the product road maps going forward with those products.
Patrick Ho – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay great. And I guess this is final question from me. Given the acquisitions you've made in the past year as well as some of the new products that you’re introducing to the marketplace both high speed memory and hard disk drive. How are you, I guess rationalize in the cost cutting efforts and streamlining manufacturing operations given that you've got at least from the acquisition front several different types of manufacturing structures or operations. How are you trying to line back to the overall Teradyne cost cutting goals that you’ve set?
Mike Bradley: Yeah I’ll let Greg, talk a little bit about this. The thing I would say about well Nextest is in the fold now and that integration is running very smoothly and their business actually has been -- they’ve had a good position and have been able to hold up here because of their new Magnum II product has been successful in penetrating the MCP side of the market. The Eagle Test integration is, their participation, their business is down like ours is, so, they are participating heavily in this contraction here especially in the variable part of their business on the manufacturing side. Greg, why don't want you say anything else you think.
Greg Beecher : Sure quickly on Nextest, we immediately found savings in their raw materials by using our leverage with suppliers, we were able to little attract, basically get them better prices now that's looks quite significant. So that happened immediately and there was no real cost to do that disruption we’ve looked at moving Nextest manufacturing and the savings are immaterial so we’re unlikely to do that. Things can change but that’s best where we are on that one and Eagle Test we’re going through an analysis as to what makes sense. So far we’ve seen that they get good prices. We can't help them with our purchase power and we'll look at whether it makes sense to keep it manufacturing where it is or move it but at the moment certainly for the full year, we stay where it is.
Patrick Ho – Stifel Nicolaus: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Hodess of Bank of America.
Brett Hodess – Bank of America:  Good morning, guys. Two questions. First, I just wanted to be clear on the cash side. I think, you said you drew down your revolver of -- I think it was $22 million. So, roughly, so your net cash as after the first quarter is probably closer to just under $200 million. Is that right?
Mike Bradley:  No, it would be a 250.
Brett Hodess – Bank of America: 250?
Mike Bradley:  Yes, 274 with cash and marketable securities at the end of the quarter.
Brett Hodess – Bank of America: At the end of the quarter just ended?
Mike Bradley:  Yes.
Brett Hodess – Bank of America: And so at the end of the next quarter, where your net, well you said your total cash and securities would be down a little over 300?
Mike Bradley: We end the first quarter with cash and marketable securities just above 300 and the reason it's going to so much in the first quarter is related to some severance being paid in the first quarter, as well as some annual employee settlements that get paid in the first quarter. And our full cost actions are in place. So the cash use, obviously is much less in subsequent quarters.
Brett Hodess – Bank of America:  The second question I had was, you mentioned in the backlog, about 65% of it I think you are shipping in the next six months. And you also mentioned that in the revenue mix or in the first quarter, you got about $60 million being service so it looks like a lot of the backlog is more targeted to ship, beyond 1Q and the 2Q and 3Q. Do you feel at this time, that you still won't see push outs and cancellations against that, as the backlog is pretty firm or how do you look at that? Because it seems like a lot but it is not really for the short term here?
Greg Beecher : This is Greg. The chunk of the backlog is service. And those are annual contracts. Many of them just renegotiated. So I think those are in good shape as our customers generally need these folks yield supporting them. So I think the service is in good shape. By the way service we are likely going to be down. In Q1 our service revenue is down about $10 million from the prior quarter. So its going to be about $58 million versus $68 million a quarter ago. So we think its going to operate at about that level and be a healthy business. The product business it's still quick turns. Customers want it fast. And lead times are short, so we generally find that there is not soft backlog related to products in our backlog.
Mike Bradley: Brett, the net reduction I think our cancellations were something like $3 million in the fourth quarter. So in places like Automotive and in Mil Aero those backlog stayed very steady. The question marks around solidity backlog would come in the in circuit test and in the and in the semi test areas and those are been pretty solid despite of very tough environment.
Brett Hodess – Bank of America: Great thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of CJ Muse of Barclays Capital.
CJ Muse – Barclays Capital:  Hey good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I guess first question just to clarify. Do you say breakeven in 2Q you anticipate between $205 million, $210 million?
Greg Beecher : Yes.
CJ Muse – Barclays Capital: Okay, great. And at that range what should we be thinking about in terms of gross margin and OpEx for Q2?
Greg Beecher : I haven't fully modeled that in, but we're working our OpEx towards about mid 90s. So we are heading in that direction, whether deploy there in Q2. We probably will be so about $95 million for OpEx.
CJ Muse – Barclays Capital: Okay and then I guess once things do recover and you remove some of the temporary cuts so what should that level look like?
Greg Beecher : The temporary cuts are across the company, which even in gross margins are about $6.5 million a quarter. But I do believe those cuts will be in for the full year.
CJ Muse – Barclays Capital: Okay and then just to look back on the December quarter, could you share with us what the semi-test product revenues were in service revenues for just semi-test?
Greg Beecher : The semi-test product revenues in the fourth quarter were at $95 million. And the next question was?
CJ Muse – Barclays Capital: The semi test service.
Greg Beecher : Okay. The semi-test service was $51 million. 
CJ Muse – Barclays Capital: Okay great and then you also I think said $15.5 million of flash revenues in the fourth quarter, is that, just prior, does that include service as well?
Greg Beecher : They will include service. 
CJ Muse – Barclays Capital: Alright and then I guess, thinking about the systems test business very nice book-to-bill how should we think about that going into March and June and what's the sort of poor run rate that you would expect for that business considering the I guess less volatility there as well as the service component?
Greg Beecher : I think the flow is about $40 million a quarter, keep in mind that about half of the businesses is Mil Aero and that has a whole different buying cycle and we think that business will stay strong and healthy and is operating up the teams profit rate, such a varied business. The diagnostic solutions business is largely service business and we have many of the contracts lined up with customers and there is some small product but we’ve lowered the cost quite a bit there. So, I think that business will hold up and that should be a profitable business as well. The in-circuit business probably has little more question to it because that can fall a little bit back, but they have a good service element. That’s probably looked a more volatile and that has dropped. So, keep an eye on that one. But that should remain profitable. Then the wildcard is HDD, how does that unfold late in the year?
CJ Muse – Barclays Capital: Okay. So, you will be reporting HDD in this line item?
Greg Beecher :  We'll probably break it up, but it is managed within that group. It is within certain task groups. So, yes, we will break it out in STG. But we will give you the information, so you can see its impact.
CJ Muse – Barclays Capital:  Great. And that strong book-to-bill, was that mostly turns in December or does that mean we should see another strong March quarter before you fall off to possibly lower to that $40 million range?
Greg Beecher : Its hard to say what's going to happen apart from that book, but my judgment we will be stay on 40. I don’t think its going to fall off.
CJ Muse – Barclays Capital:  And then, last question from me, longer term on the DDR3 side, can you talk about the work you've done beyond the first announced customer and when you think you might have a second customer in the fold?
Mike Bradley:  We can't get into any detail on that front. I think the thing we only want to disclose at this point, which we haven’t said prior to this is that there is we do have product that customer announce. So the joint work that has been going on for over year now is based around and clustered around the product at the customers. So, with tire kicking and evaluation and checkout is very, very active at this point. Beyond that first customer, we're not going to elaborate.
CJ Muse – Barclays Capital:  Okay. Sounds good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gus Richard of Piper Jaffray.
Gus Richard – Piper Jaffray:  Yes thanks for taking my question. On in terms of new requirements, clearly the DDR3 is going to be a new requirement, that’s well understood. Could you talk a little bit about other test markets. And what do you think might be drivers over the next 12 months?
Mike Bradley: Well lets see, there is such a broad set of markets for us. The drivers, the strongest drivers in semi test have been on the wireless side. And with the Gen-5 product there the UltraWave product we think we are now on a very good shape to capture a good chunk in business there. We don’t see that this performance on that axis beyond with the fifth generation UltraWave product offerings.
Greg Beecher : We continue to drive obviously for increased density and parallelism. And that gets implemented in a variety of instruments, that’s why we have this high density digital instrument in the SOC space. But beyond that there is, the continuation of a drive for greater accuracy throughput and performance. And that was cut across all of the different markets. The CMOS image sensor market is one that we'll see some growth in. There is a it’s a small piece of what Eagle is getting into. They have a product that’s now entering the discrete market that may be a $100 million market worldwide very-very disbursed and bit hard to get at. But our distribution systems is going to be attacking that. So I think this, the vector of performance cuts across all of the instrument types. I don’t think any one would be called out. I think the most noticeable one here is obviously in the – is in DDR3 and the graphics DDR chips. 
Gus Richard – Piper Jaffray: Okay so just a – say it’s slightly differently in the wireless you’ve got, different arena phases, higher frequency, see more image sensors higher bid for accounts that sort of thing, in the streets make are currently higher voltages or a combination thereof and then in the logic you mentioned higher levels of density but that will be something along the lines of bigger FPGA's or I’m just trying to think of what markets are moving test requirements forward?
Greg Beecher : Yeah I think in the density side it tends to be more driven by multi-side testing. 
Gus Richard – Piper Jaffray: Okay. 
Greg Beecher : So, to say, existing devices, existing technology, doubling up on the density. 
Gus Richard – Piper Jaffray: Right and in that primarily is cost – trapping down cost. 
Greg Beecher : Yeah and obviously what I mentioned before in the flash for the multi-chip packages in the DRAM and Flash space that’s an obvious driver. It is pushing on the Nextest product. 
Gus Richard – Piper Jaffray: Got it and then just if you talk a little bit about the Aero and Mil market I would imagine that you had a good book-to-bill in the system test business. I would imagine that automotive is going to cut off but no alternative thing in there. How do those businesses look going forward?
Mike Bradley: Automotive is a bit paradoxical because we had the same men on the street sense that automotive would get as an overall market would be hammered, actually we’ve got our systems in automotive are built-in to these models year transitions that exists so there is actually automotive tends to look more like our Mil Aero market then it looks our semi-test market. So, it was some reasonably steady demand, as Greg said, that is -- it's an instrument business in both the production line and the service but its also an applications business for new technology in each model year. So, I think that will be steady. The thing that is happening inside in Mil Aero for us that keeps that a very good performer as long program investment cycles, and our strategy has been to continue to chip away and try to add more instrumentation to the total test solution. So, if you looked at two years ago versus now on the solutions in Mil Aero, you will find a lot more of the Teradyne trademark inside the instrumentation clusters in those systems.
Gus Richard – Piper Jaffray:  Got it. All right. Thanks so much.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Steven Pelayo of HSBC.
Steven Pelayo – HSBC:  All right, yes, just a couple of ones. I'm curious that pricing, I know, in the downturn its got more aggressive, or on the other hand the consolidation in the industry is really starting to more rational behavior or may be help in the longer term structural profitability of overall industry?
Mike Bradley: Steve, there are so few transactions that it is a little bit hard to say what's the trend in pricing. Most of the buys that we're seeing because of what I said before, technology buys. So, they are -- I think in general, you say, there are less -- in customer's eyes is less on the capital price economics and the negotiation are really more driven by wanting a solution for the new silicon. I will say that as customers look at their fleet utilization and the dramatic changes that are underway, there has been a lot more effort put in by customers to make they would doing the right thing on how many systems recovered. So working out the calculus on that with customers has been challenging. As they try to figure out what price they can pay and should pay for partial utilization of their install base. So that's were we saw some of the price churn going on.
Greg Beecher :  If I could add to that Steve this is Greg. I think an area of opportunity over time I think for all of us who play in this space is the application engineering talent that many accounts are provided at sometimes at no charge to help win sockets, I think over time, each of us will be forced to reduce those free resources. And that inform us away of helping pricing by not giving something away for free. So I think that trend is going to occur over some number of quarters just given the environment that we are in.
Steven Pelayo – HSBC: And could you point anything that consolidation in the industry has, we've seen a tremendous amount in last year or so. As we were talking about this, the previous 10 years, saying this industry needed it and we would see some benefits from it. Or do you think we're really realizing those or are we just continuing to have to right size our business to much smaller and smaller opportunities out there.
Greg Beecher : Well I think its hard to see the benefits in a recessionary downturn. But if you look under the covers you could see that, in the for example the Eagle Test acquisition, we were calling on some of the same accounts giving away a lot of application engineering. And we can dramatically change what we are doing there.
Steven Pelayo – HSBC: Okay.
Mike Bradley: Kimberly, we have time for one more question.
Operator:  So our final question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini of FBR.
Mehdi Hosseini – Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Company:  Yes, can you guys hear me now?
Mike Bradley: Yes, we can Mehdi.
Mehdi Hosseini – Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Just a one side question going back to earlier on in the call and talking about the opportunities in the DRAM business. I’m a little bit confused or maybe you can remind me, what is the product differentiation here, is that you’re going in against large incumbency and I’m just trying to better understand what’s going to give you ability to have these design wins at this particular customer. Is that primarily AHD or just a high speed nature? Is technology -- what is it that your competitors cannot duplicate?
Mike Bradley: If you’ll bear with me just for a second and accept the fact. I don’t want to go into what we’ve got out there and what the special sauce is that the access of competition in this space is there is a high performance, high speed technology component and there is a density component or a parallelism component and our efforts are around providing something unique on those axis. So, I don’t want to further describe but that’s the axis. 
Mehdi Hosseini – Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Company: Sure that’s fair is there any difference in what Advanced Probe Cards offer when it comes parallelism?
Mike Bradley: Well the Probe Cards have to be capable of doing what the tests are doing so I don’t think there is -- we’re not going to outstrip the capability of the interface technology?
Mehdi Hosseini – Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Company: Sure but in another words it’s more complementary, is it correct?
Greg Beecher : Right
Mehdi Hosseini – Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Company: Okay so to that extent prohibits a significant pricing pressure to get the design win?
Mike Bradley: Correct 
Mehdi Hosseini – Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Company: Okay thanks two quick comments on the – I think I would just like to make and I hope first of all the organic investments we've made and the acquisition investments we've made, obviously in this kid of storm its always tough to be combining with other companies and then having to go through difficult times. I want to say that the combination of Nextest certainly and Eagle Test more recently have really anti- for us. We think those acquisitions are long term very, very powerful additions. In one way, I think about it is that in the last couple of years, I'll give credit here on the comparative side, the four companies in the Semi Test base that have been gaining market share, those four companies, Teradyne, Veragy, Nextest, and Eagle, and combining with Nextest and Eagle is really strengthening the overall portfolio. The last thing I would say I hope you get from this discussion that our focus on one thing and that is we're going to take, we have taken and we're going to continue to take the necessary steps to insure the future of the enterprise. These are very tough times and where these are significant cuts we're making it affects many of our employees. And we're just going to keep our eye on that ball and keep doing that as we work through very difficult times. Thanks everyone for your attention today. I'll see you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Newman - Vice President, Corporate Relations Michael A. Bradley - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President, Principal Accounting Officer & Treasurer
Analysts: Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse Brian Lee - Citigroup CJ Muse - Barclays Capital - Barclays Capital Brett Hodess - Merrill Lynch Kate Kaslarski - Goldman Sachs Gary Hsueh -Oppenheimer & Co.  Michael Chu - JP Morgan - JP Morgan Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus Krish Sankar - Banc of America Securities Vernon Esse - Needham & Company Auguste Richard - Piper Jaffrey Mehdi Hosseini - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co. Jagadish Iyer - UBF
Operator:  Good morning. My name is Dennis and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Teradyne third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator instructions)  I will now turn the call over to Mr. Tom Newman, Vice President of Corporate Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 
Tom Newman:  Thank you, Dennis. Good morning everyone and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne’s most recent financial results. I’m joined this morning by our Chief Executive Office, Mike Bradley and our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks, we’ll provide you with details of our performance for the third quarter of 2008 as well as our outlook for the fourth quarter.  First however I’d like to address some administrative issues. The press release containing our most recent financial results was sent out by a business wire yesterday evening. Copies are available on our web site or by calling Teradyne’s Corporate Relations office at 978-370-2221. This call is being simultaneously webcast over our web site at www.Teradyne.com.  Note that during this call we are providing some slides on our web site that will summarize and reinforce some of the highlights. They may be helpful to you in following the discussion. To view them, simply access the Investor portion of our site and click on live webcast followed by click here for webcast.   In addition, replays of this call will be available starting approximately 24 hours after the call ends. The call replay number in the U.S. and Canada is 800-642-1687. Outside the U.S. and Canada, the number is 706-645-9291. The pass code for both numbers is 68771031. A web replay is also will also be available in the same timeframe. You’ll find it by going to www.teradyne.com and clicking on Investors. The replays will be available along with the slides through the 6th of November.   The matters that we discuss today may include forward-looking statements about events such as the pending Eagle Test acquisition or the future financial performance of the company. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties.  There can be no assurance that management's estimates of our future results or other forward-looking statements will be achieved. Actual results can differ materially from such forward-looking statements.   Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those presently expected include conditions affecting the markets in which we operate including uncertainties related to the global economy in general, continued volatility, and further deterioration in the financial markets. Including uncertainties and disruption in credit markets and the availability of credit; delays in new product introductions; decreased product demand; lack of customer acceptance of new products; the ability to realize the synergies in cost savings from the integration of Nextest Systems Corporation. And once acquired, Eagle Test Systems which aren't on existing operations; the ability to consummate the planned acquisition of Eagle Test Systems; and other events factors and risks previously and from time to time disclosed in our filings with the SEC including, but not limited to Teradyne's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2007.  Additionally, those forward-looking statements including guidance and statements on the pending Eagle Test acquisition are made as of today and we do not take any obligation to update them as a result of developments occurring after this call. Investors should note that only Mike Bradley, Greg Beecher and I are authorized to provide company guidance.  During today’s call we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We have posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures including reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure were available on our web site. To view them, go to the Investor portion of our web site and click on the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation link.   Also you may want to note that between now and our next conference call, Teradyne will be participating in a luncheon with Eric May from Sandgrain Securities in Chicago on November 10th. The Oppenheimer 4th Annual Small and Midcap Conference in New York on November 17th to 19th. The Credit Suisse Tech Conference in Phoenix on December 2nd through 5th. A luncheon with Eric May from Sandgrain Securities in New York on December 16th. And finally, a luncheon with Eric May from Sandgrain Securities in Boston on December 18th.  Now let’s get on with the rest of the agenda. First our CEO and President, Mike Bradley, will review the state of the company and the industry in the third quarter of 2008 and will review our outlook for the fourth quarter 2008.  Then our Vice President, Treasurer and CFO, Greg Beecher, will provide more details on our financial performance in the third quarter and on our guidance for Q4 of 2008. We will then answer your questions.  For scheduling purposes you should note that we intend to end this call after one hour. Mike? 
Michael Bradley:  Thanks, Tom. Good morning everyone. The worldwide economic upheaval is obviously taking a toll as you all well know. This is reflected in rapidly changing projections for semiconductor and semi-cap companies going forward.  You also know that semiconductor test customers have been running a very tight CapEx shift throughout 2008 but the events on the world's stage have put a big reset into those already cautious plans.  For us, this is shown up as a quite dramatic downshift in semi-test demand from our OSAT customers in the third quarter. We've seen a $100 million sequential drop off in SOC orders in that sector. In fact, nearly the entire decline in company-wide bookings has centered here as our IDM orders grew 6% sequentially.  Now, memory orders dropped by 13% in the quarter and our systems test new orders fell $1 million or 2% sequentially.   You'll recall that our OSAT customers had booked over $130 million with us last quarter so they were in for a likely town tick. But it's clear that their declining revenue forecasts have caused them to drastically cut their CapEx budgets.  You can see from our revenue guidance that we've dropped our revenue projections accordingly, as we don't expect any resurgence in the short term and because we expect the consumer spending outlook to also effect the IDM sector.  So let me get on to what we're doing going forward. First of all, we intend to press ahead on key investments in SOC tests and in our new Magnum II flash memory test product that has held up well these last couple of quarters. We'll also go full speed ahead on the new product investments into DRAM and hard disk drive test, where we're projecting design ins and revenue during 2009.  At the same time, we're going to reduce spending and drop our quarterly break even about an additional $20 million by the middle of next year. Greg will give you all the numbers on this and their timing.  In short, we plan to move some development projects through their heavy spend phases and we'll couple that with continued streamlining of our manufacturing costs, but we're also going to squeeze down spending in scores of other areas. The reality is that for the foreseeable future, the market's going to be hand-to-mouth in new demand we need to be geared up for that.  Now amidst a very severe drop in demand, there are some bright spots in semi test, power management and micro-controller test segments were the strongest and we've seen some tooling buys from earlier design wins in the automotive space.  We're on course to gain share in SOC tests this year, a continuation of steady progress over the last few years. Our new SOC test products, especially our UltraWave subsystem have been very successful as most of our existing wireless customers and some new ones have adopted this fifth generation RF solution.  From a standing start in Q2, we've grown our install base considerably in a four-month period. Despite sharp cutbacks in the second half, we still expect to meet our new product goal of $150 million to $200 million in new orders, albeit that's going to be more likely at the low end of that range given revisions to capacity buying over the second half of this year.  Our flash memory test share obviously has improved as the second generation Magnum demand has held up better than the overall market. More than anything, I'm pleased with how that product has been performing in new installations. So when flash buying does resume, we expect good follow-on demand from those design ins.  Now, inside our system test group, the Mil/Aero sector has performed well this year despite a slowdown in commercial airline spending.   Our in-circuit board test business has held up due to share gains in data storage and server-related testing in Asia.  Automotive test spending is stalled as that industry struggles with very severe structural issues and as a result, our automotive diagnostic solutions business remains under some pressure.  So there's no way to paint an uplifting top line picture for the short term. We expect IDM buying to slow as those customers react to the same drop in demand as the subcons and while defense programs should remain steady, the automotive and in-circuit test markets will likely feel disruptions for the next few quarters.  But our continued actions on the break even side of the equation, coupled with new product development for 2009 keep our long-term market expansion plans on track. The FLEX product family has a solid presence in complex SOC applications and the J750 remains a stalwart for focused digital solutions. 
Nextest:  Now, during our upcoming Q&A session, I do want to restrict our discussion in three areas. First, we won't go into any of the details surrounding the Eagle Test acquisition except to say that we expect to close the acquisition sometime this quarter. I will say that our views on the Eagle Test products and the organization that backs them remain unchanged and we do look forward to the combination.  Second, we don't intend to comment on any intellectual property issues surrounding our hot disk drive initiative other than to say we believe we're on solid ground in this area.  And finally, given the rapidly changing long-term landscape, it's really not possible to make new product revenue estimates for 2009.   I do appreciate your consideration in not addressing questions in those three areas.  In summary, there's no getting around the reality of tough times ahead, but we intend to stay focused on our market expansion strategy in semi test and in our systems test group. Obviously, we need an improving P&L plus a solid balance sheet to back that up so I'll turn it over to Greg to outline our game plan on the financial front. 
Gregory Beecher:  Thanks, Mike and good morning, everyone. Before I get to our third quarter results and our guidance for the fourth quarter, I ‘d like to first talk about our break even reduction plans in our cash and balance sheet strength following the completion of the pending Eagle Test acquisition. 
Nextest: However, given a demand uncertainty and consumer spending concerns, we’re instituting further cost reductions of approximately $50 million on an annual basis or $12 million on a quarterly basis. In quarterly break-even dollars, this translates to about 20 million a quarter.  This would improve our mid-cycle operating income lined by about 4 percentage points, so these new actions will take us to a quarterly break-even of about 250 million or less after closing on and including Eagle Test, which we expect will add about 20 million in quarterly break-even dollars.  This plan is front-end loaded and is expected to be fully completed by around the middle of next year. The majority of the break-even reductions will be in operating expenses. Before considering Eagle Test, our operating expense model will be reduced to about 110 million a quarter from 118 million a quarter.  With these planned break-even reductions, and again without Eagle Test, we would need about 315 million in quarterly revenue, rather than the 345 million to achieve our model 15% operating income profit rate.  Adding in Eagle Test, we would need about 345 million or less in mid-cycle revenue to achieve our model profit rate. I want to emphasize, though, that despite these plan reductions, we are fully maintaining our investments and growth initiatives in memory and hard disk drive.  Some of these break-even reductions, specifically the ones that begin to occur in the first half of 2009 have been planned for some time, as they are tied to completing major engineering projects in 2009 that expand our served market.  But, the larger portion of these cost reductions will begin now, in this quarter, as they are tied to squeezing out additional costs across the company that are not essential to maintaining our growth plan.  Now, I’d like to shift to EBITDA to give you a sense of quarterly break-even from a cash standpoint. Our starting quarterly EBITDA break-even level in the third quarter of this year was a little over $215 million. This will be increased by just under 20 million following the completion of the closing of the Eagle Test acquisition.  While our planned break-even reductions should take EBITDA break-even back down to about 215 million or lower by this time next year. To further translate this to cash flow break-even, we would expect our capital additions to run under $10 million a quarter.  Now, moving to cash or marketable securities, we have 468 million in total at the end of the third quarter. We have no debt. As Mike noted, we continue to expect the Eagle Test acquisition to close this quarter. The Eagle Test acquisition will cost us about $250 million, net of the cash acquired.  So before considering financing, the Eagle Test acquisition would leave us with $218 million in cash before deducting transaction costs. I should also add that our balance sheet is in very good shape, with very solid receivables, significant owned real estate, and no debt.  As mentioned by Mike, we do not plan on discussing financing during this call other than to say that we continue to evaluate a number of financing alternatives. I have talked about cash levels in the past. I’d like to add that we have historically maintained quite comfortable levels of cash largely for strategic opportunities.  In reality, we do not have any significant cash tied up off-shore and we can operate at much lower levels of cash than previously stated if we chose to.  Now, to the third quarter financial highlights. Sales were 297 million, down 6% from the second quarter, with earnings per share of $.09 on a non-GAAP basis and $0.14 loss on a GAAP basis.  Before I get to the line item details, let me cover the EPS shortfall versus our earlier guidance. As you know, we had revenue close to the bit range of our guidance at 297, yet we fell short of the bottom end of the EPS guidance by a penny. This was due to an inventory charge of 20.6 or $0.12 related to a product transition, coupled with a very sharp fall off in demand.  This large impact in the third quarter was partially offset, though, by lower estimates of annual variable compensation, amounting to $10 million in the quarter or $0.06. These variable compensation estimates are pegged off of our current estimates of our annual profit rate.  Now, on to the line item details. Gross margins were 43%, down 5 points from 48% in the second quarter due to the product transition inventory charge and lower volume, offset, in part, by lower spending and reduced variable compensation.  R&D expenses were 53 million or 17.8% of sales, compared to 56.2 million or 17.7% of sales in the first quarter. SG&A expenses were 58.6 million or 19.7% of sales, compared to 65.5 million or 20.6% of sales. Operating expenses were down in dollar amounts due primarily to reductions in our variable compensation, coupled with lower spending estimates resulting from break-even initiatives.  Our net interest and other expense was 3.1 million. We took a non-cash investment write-down of approximately 8 million related to securities valued at 42 million. We may decide to sell these securities before maturity, so we simple marked them down to market.  We have 3.1 million of income tax expense for a tax rate of 17% on a non-GAAP basis and our quarter-ending head count was approximately 3,600 employees.  In the third quarter, semiconductor test sales were 82% of the total and the system test group was 18%. On a geographic basis, our third quarter sales broke down as follows: Asia 58%, U.S., 23, Japan 9, Europe 8, and the rest of the world 2%.  Our book to bill ratios for the third quarter were 0.67 for the overall company, 0.63 for semiconductor tests, and .85 for the system test group. At the end of the quarter, our back log stood at 265 million of which 79% is scheduled to ship within the next six months.  On a geographic basis, our bookings for the third quarter were distributed as follows: Asia 40%, U.S. 32%, Japan 14, Europe 13, rest of the world 1%.  Cash flow from operations, after deducting net capital additions of 8 million totaled approximately 18 million. Depreciation and amortization for the third quarter was 28 million. This includes 5 million of stock-based compensation, 3 million of accelerated depreciation for real estate that was sold in the quarter and 5 million for intangible amortization.  Accounts receivable stood at 194 million for 60 days sales outstanding versus 61 days in the prior quarter. We ended the quarter with product inventory of 121 million, up slightly from 118 million in the second quarter.  The fourth quarter guidance is being provided, excluding any impact of the Eagle Test acquisition, which is expected to close sometime in the fourth quarter.  Sales for the fourth quarter are expected to be between 190 million and 220 million. Non-GAAP loss per share for the fourth quarter is expected to be between $0.07 and $0.18 and excludes amortization for acquired intangibles, restructuring and special items.  Now, turning to the P&L details. We expect gross margins to be between 41 and 44%. R&D should be between 23 and 26% and SG&A should run between 27 and 31%. The GAAP and non-GAAP tax revision should be about $2 million. So, in summary, despite the very difficult macroeconomic environment we’re facing, we have a very firm grip on managing both costs and cash, while also keeping our sights and focus on our numerous growth initiatives, whether it is gaining SOC test share, planning for the pending Eagle Test acquisition, staying on course with our memory growth plans in flash and high speed memory and breaking into hard disk drive testing.  Now, I’ll turn the call back over to Tom. 
Tom Newman:  Thanks, Greg. Dennis, we’d like to now take some questions. 
Operator:  Yes, sir. (Operator Instructions) and your first question will come from the line of Timothy Arcuri with Citi. 
Brian Lee - Citigroup:  Hi, guys. This is actually Brian Lee calling in for Tim. Just had two quick things. First, is there any assumption of HDD test revenues in Q4. And if not, can you give me a sense of what the revenue opportunity there is over the next few quarters and for 2009? 
Michael Bradley:  The answer to your first question is no, there’s nothing in the fourth quarter and we’re not projecting, as I said earlier, what the estimates are for 2009. The key issue for us is to secure some significant lead customers in 2009 and it’s hard to predict what that level of revenue would be. But, we want to get a substantial position with a lead customer in that space. 
Brian Lee - Citigroup:  Okay, maybe if I could ask it a different way, outside of magnitude, can you give me a sense for maybe what you’re thinking with respect to timing of first revenue in that business? 
Michael Bradley:  We would hope to be able to recognize some revenue in the first half of next year. 
Brian Lee - Citigroup:  Okay, so there’s really no opportunity in Q4 to recognize revenue? 
Michael Bradley:  No. 
Brian Lee - Citigroup:  Okay. And then secondarily, given the capacity cuts that we’ve seen in DRAM and the incremental push-outs in the DDR3 RAM, it would seem the revenue opportunity for you guys next year is smaller there than what you might have expected entering this year. So does that really do anything to change your development efforts in that area? 
Michael Bradley:  It really doesn’t because the phase we’re in now is in close development work with target customers and despite all of the turmoil in the general market and certainly the upheaval in the memory market, the new design work is really where the intensity remains with our potential customers. So, there’s been no relaxation on that end from our customers and obviously, that puts the pressure on us to keep the engine full tilt. 
Brian Lee - Citigroup:  Okay, thanks guys. 
Operator:  Your next question will come from the line of Michael Chu with JP Morgan. 
Michael Chu - JP Morgan - JP Morgan:  Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I was just wondering if you could provide a little bit of color on where utilization rates in your equipment were at in third quarter and how they’re trending in the current quarter. 
Michael Bradley: 
. :  The OSATS have held up. I think they moved down 2%, 2 or 3% and the IDM’s utilization rates have dipped in our install base by the end of the quarter, compared to the end of second quarter; five, six, seven points, about that amount. So, a bigger move and paradoxically, that move is in the IDM’s versus the sub-cons because the OSAT’s really have the biggest drop in the bookings rate. 
Michael Chu - JP Morgan:  Do you think with the pull back that you saw in the OSAT orders that they either maybe over-ordered a little bit in previous quarters or do you think they’re just more aggressively managing inventories or rather, maybe their fabulous customers are managing inventory a little more aggressively than the IDM’s? 
Michael Bradley:  I think it’s a combination. I think they always feel it first, number one. Number two, they have really moved in the last year and a half, almost two years to a much tighter business model where they don’t add capacity in anticipation of demand. And number three, the lead times that we’re able to supply and the industry’s able to supply makes everything really operate on a faster cycle.  So, I think all of those things together mean that the OSAT’s, when they move, they move very, very quickly.  Your other question have they over-bought? As we said in our last call, we had our highest OSAT demand in the second quarter, the highest that we’ve had in at least two years, maybe three or four years, about $130 million. So that was a substantial bite of capacity that they put in place in the second quarter and we were anticipating it to come down, but obviously it’s come down more than that. 
Michael Chu - JP Morgan:  Okay, thank you very much. 
Michael Bradley: Yeah. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of CJ Muse, with Barclays Capital. 
CJ Muse - Barclays Capital - Barclays Capital:  Yeah, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. First off, I was hoping you could provide a breakdown of the semi test revenues. And if you could give us SOC memory and then what the service revenues as a component of semi tests, that would be great. 
Gregory Beecher:  Okay, let me start with total semi. Total semi in the third quarter was 243 for revenue and the flash piece of that was 10 million. You want semi service or total service? 
CJ Muse - Barclays Capital:  Semi service and total. 
Gregory Beecher:  Okay. Total service was 68 million and semi service was 49 million. 
CJ Muse - Barclays Capital:  The second question is at 250, including Eagle, hard to know exactly where the trough is there , 25, 30-ish, gets you ex Eagle at around 225. And considering the weakening utilization rates that you just talked about at IDM’s, do you think you’re cutting enough in terms of break-even? Or do you think that you’ll get back up to that level in the next quarter or two and so, that’s the right break-even level? 
Gregory Beecher:  I think we’re cutting enough and we’ve thought about this many different ways. We’ve thought about from what’s a reasonable estimate of the market side for SOC tests and we think we’ve been conservative estimating on a normalized basis that’s about 2.4 billion. When you look at what our share is we do the math on that and we see that we get close to about 230 million of revenue and we had some flash business in, that’s reasonable, say 20 million.  Our STG business, 50 million and then some revenue for our new initiative, such as high speed memory, we see that it’s very reasonable on a normal market that we would be at 315. I think in the short term, the question is what does the market look like?  But, I think over a mid-cycle, I think we’re closer than ever to achieving our mid-cycle revenues and achieving our mid-cycle profit and that has the assumption of a $2.4 billion SOC test market, much lower than what we’ve modeled in the past. 
CJ Muse - Barclays Capital:  And just to reconfirm, that 250 target, including Eagle, that also includes the infrastructure necessary for HDD and high speed memory? 
Gregory Beecher:  The answer is yes. I want to make one clarification. With Eagle the model would be 345 revenue and we just add Eagle to the numbers I just gave you and you’d see that 345 is quite achievable given Eagle Test’s performance.  On HDD, the HDD spending is in this model. We have not put any revenue in this model yet because it carries a different gross margin profile. We will grow through that when we first record revenue for HDD, we’ll take through the HDD model. It’s a little different than the semi test model. So, we’ll explain that to you carefully when we get there. 
CJ Muse - Barclays Capital:  Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Gary Hsueh, with Oppenheimer and Company. 
Gary Hsueh -Oppenheimer & Co. :  Yeah, hi, thanks, just a quick question for me. We’ve seen a few quarters here in the past during inventory corrections where there’s been a pretty big, 30 % gap between orders and revenue. So it’s not the first time this has happened.  But I was just wondering if you could describe any similarities, dissimilarities with an inventory correction in ’04 and also a similar situation in Q3 of ’06, where you basically saw bookings race to the bottom in one quarter. And in both of those cases, bookings really stabilized in Q4.  So I’m just wondering if you could help us understand within the context of an inventory question in ’04 how this is different and should we be expecting somewhat of a stabilization in orders and what the order forecast or scenario looks like realistically for Q4. 
Michael Bradley: Gary, I think it’s hard to make the comparison because the overall worldwide climate is so different, now. You know, we’re talking to customers daily, and their visibility is extremely uncertain. So I don’t know how to apply the metrics of the past to this. I just think we’re in a different world right now, that’s going to be unstable for a while. We’re battening down the hatches, here, because we’re focusing on what we can do.  But I don’t have a good or at all clear crystal ball how things will go. I think it’s going to stay very tough and our customers are saying, you know, through the first half of 2009 it’s going to be tough sledding. So that’s why we’re gearing up for that. 
Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. Just another way to ask the question, what do you think tester buy rates are, if that metric means anything, here, in the second half. How much below one is it?
Michael Bradley: Well, it all depends on what the last quarter is, but through this year it has trended down, and we’re talking about buy rates that are in the 1 % level. I think you know it breaks through one in the fourth quarter, likely breaks through that 1 % level.  So I think everybody’s in the predicament of being able to ask, what’s the resolution to that? In the past when it has dipped down, it’s made a comeback. And obviously buy rate has trended down over time. But it’s clearly below even the 1.5% level at this point. And memory, as you know, has come down more sharply than SOC, but SOC is around 1 % right now. 
Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Satya Kumar of Credit Suisse.
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: Yes, hi, thanks. It feels like 80 to 90 % utilization rate you talked about for stock call-ins is much better than the 50 to 60 % utilization rate some of the largest foundries are talking about or could get to in Q1.  How do you explain the difference? Are we at the cusp of some pretty sharp declines in subcon utilization in Q4? Or do you think fundamentally the capitalizations here have been relatively more rational at the Subcons for test equipment than they have been at the foundries or front end?
Michael Bradley:  I think it’s the latter. I think the challenge of 2008 wasn’t presented here in the third quarter, in the fourth quarter. It’s been a high productivity focus throughout the last three quarters.  Our customers have been driving utilizations way, was above levels that they’ve had in the past. They’ve been buying at lower rates; they’ve been implementing parallel test; they’ve been pushing productivity hard. So they really held back over the last three quarters.  And I think that’s different, certainly different this cycle from the last cycle with regard to how the test, the back-end test community has operated. Having said that, I think we’re in for continued tough times for the short term
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: Looking at your subcon spending pattern, and realizing it’s very difficult to have any kind of an visibility right now, historically that’s been more first half weighted, at least the last couple of years. At least it’s been more first half weighted.  Will ’09, your sense right now, be more back half weighted spending? For the subcon community? 
Michael Bradley: Well, I think the cycles have shifted to where Q2 and Q3 tend to be the capacity-add quarters, wherein older history was in the fourth quarter. But if I look at the trend in ’08, the highest demand quarter will be in Q2. In ’07, that was the same. The highest demand quarter would be in Q2. With Q2 and Q3 the strongest in ’07. So I would tend to look towards the middle of the year as to when the bubbles will occur.  
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse:  Yes. And a question on Eagle Test. To the extent you can answer this. Obviously the timing of when you announced the acquisition to now the world has changed in terms of the macro outlook, and I’m sure the assumptions that you had for Eagle Test for next year perhaps you might be thinking about them differently, now.  Is there any room at all, I understand you’re committed to completing the acquisition. Is there any room at all to either revalue the acquisition or is there any penalty if you decide to walk away? What can you comment about that?
Michael Bradley: Well, I’ll say that we are very excited about the combination. We haven’t changed our view. Obviously, when you look at the situation, you say, would we have wished we had done something differently? And in this case, it’s not as if Eagle would be a better buy for us. Because eagle’s value is a long term value.  If we were in talks combing with Eagle and their valuation was lower, they would be hanging in on their own, would be my view. So we really think that combination long term makes a lot of sense for us, and no different from where we were three or four months ago. 
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: Okay. And lastly, on the IDM you mentioned orders were actually up in the quarter. Any granularity you can give on that in terms of which end segments within IDM that were showing a little strength?
Michael Bradley: Good question. The IDM uptick, for us, was a very pleasant outcome, but it’s really the result of the designing work that we’ve been doing over the last couple of years. The segments that were strong were in power management, in microcontrollers and in automotive. We also had pretty steady ongoing business in the image sensor space. All of those pieces tend to be dominated by the IDMs. So the segments technology segments were IDM-related.  The more important element is, IDMs in fact did decline in aggregate, but we’ve had some very important design wins this past year. In particular in the automotive area, in the ASIC space, power management. Where some platform decisions were made over the last nine to twelve months. And we’ve seen some tooling business in those places. So that offset some of the other IDM decline.  If you took our largest three FLEX buyers in the last quarter, three of the five actually were not significant players for us. Or I should say, we did not have as much of a penetration into some nor did we have some at all. So the IDM hanging in there for us is really as much a function of that their business has held up a bit more firmly, but more importantly that we’ve made some headway on the market share front there. 
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: I see. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Vernon Esse with Needham.
Vernon Esse - Needham & Company: Thank you. Mike, I want to go back through the line of questioning on the utilization and when you last saw something like this. I’m thinking in the back of my mind it’s probably the early 80’s in terms of the economy and I think back then the Japanese were also a big threat to your business. But I really comment on that to put it in the context of just going forward, it would occur that cheap money is gone. I mean, that drove a lot of the cycles in the late 90’s with the Subcons. And just looking at the structure of your company, you’ve got a decent cash relative to the market cash here.  If the board thinking about a massive strategic change going on behind the scenes? Because it would seem to me you’re going to have some quite time regarding the test market for at least the next six to nine months. How is that going to look longer term and can we expect anything different along those lines?
Michael Bradley: Well, point me in the direction that you want me to comment. Because I— the board has been supporting the plan, which has been assuming for the last couple of years that the growth rate in the core SOC space would not sustain our growth ambitions.  So our expansion into adjacent markets, in particular memory market, and our expansion in the systems test group into commercial airlines test and hard disk drive next year, all of those things are to get us with more boats in the water, but to do it in areas where we can leverage technology. So say a bit more about where your question goes. Well, candidly, expanding beyond tests, I guess. In the past you’ve done software tests. The company has done a lot of interesting investments. Some of them have turned out well, some of them have not. But is there a thought process of getting beyond that, becoming a more diversified company across other areas, in electronics or tech, for that matter? 
Michael Bradley: Well, we are expanding in that. And I think the difference between the era of the last two or three years and what we did in the 80’s was that the expansions or the acquisitions that took place back then were much further, distant from our core. So we were in the connector business. Software test for example was not a close adjacency to our core competence.
Vernon Esse - Needham & Company: Yes.
Michael Bradley: The reason it didn’t grow inside Teradyne, and in fact hasn’t grown much outside Teradyne, is because there wasn’t much leverage between what we did in electronic test and what we would do in software test.  So we’ve been more focused on how to get some kind of unfair edge if we move into other spaces. And if you look at what we’re doing as we expand next year into DRAM, in the hard disk drive area, it will be easier for you as an investor to say, oh, I see what they carted or ported from existing technology bases into those products. 
Gregory Beecher: If I could ask, a point to that, Mike, as well. Yes, we’re spending over 20 % of our engineering on access to new markets. And some of these investments should start to deliver revenue in 2009. And we look at our plan the next couple years, getting access to the entire memory market is a big add-on adjacency to us. We also have some growth in STG. So over the next couple years, we have a lot to do to exploit and make sure we get the best returns from some very large investments.  I think longer term down the road, I think that’s a fair question in terms of what else is there, what’s the next thing you do? But right now, there’s a lot under the covers that we’ve invested in that I think over time you’ll see that this starts to yield.
Vernon Esse - Needham & Company: I appreciate that. I think the problem with the AT industry is it’s always the market share game. And I think we can all agree that you’re doing a great job with what you have, but you have to get beyond that. And I think that’s what you’re getting at. So I appreciate it. Thank you.
Michael Bradley: Okay. 
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Auguste Richard from Piper Jaffrey.
Auguste Richard - Piper Jaffrey: Yes. Just quickly, on the gross margin guidance, you’ve got it down to 41 %. Could you just talk about the components of that decrease and what has been your gross margin? Is that under absorption or pricing pressure in the customer base? A little more color there would be helpful.
Michael Bradley: It’s simply volume. And if you look at our gross margin compared to prior periods, it’s much better. And this is in part the break-even reductions. But from quarter to quarter it’s volume. 
Auguste Richard - Piper Jaffrey: Got it. And then, just on the spend on the new products, on the DRAM products and the hard disk drive products. Is most of that R&D going to be completed in the fourth quarter and you’ll start to see a sharper ramp thereafter, decline after that?  No. It will go into 2009, but it will start coming down in 2009.
Auguste Richard - Piper Jaffrey: Okay. Sort of a gradual pace?
Michael Bradley: Yes.
Auguste Richard - Piper Jaffrey: Okay. And then, just in terms of the installs on the disk drive testing system. How are those going? Has there been any change in demand from your end customer in terms of what they were looking for in Q4? How do you feel about your ability to deliver to that contract?
Michael Bradley: I can’t say a lot on the detail front, Gus. I’d say we’re in the phase of pilot installations, and there’s a lot of work to do to get those production-worthy. So, great intensity on the front. There’s no flinch in terms of the momentum, whether on our side or on the customer side on it. So it’s really full speed ahead. 
Auguste Richard - Piper Jaffrey: All right. So would that potentially be upside if the install and debugging and production goes well?  It would be upside in the first quarter, but you should also note that these are pilot, first units, and they’re going to carry a very different gross margin profile. So I think the highlight is, if we’re successful breaking in, later in the year we could have some attractive margin business. The early part of the year, if we’re successful, you could see some volume, but little impact on the bottom line.
Auguste Richard - Piper Jaffrey: Got it. Got it. Okay, so it would be an upside to the top line but not necessarily fall through? 
Michael Bradley: In the short term.
Auguste Richard - Piper Jaffrey: In the short term. 
Michael Bradley: Correct.
Auguste Richard - Piper Jaffrey: And then, finally on your DRAM efforts. I’m assuming you guys are somewhere between a beta alpha and a production system. If you could characterize that, and how quickly you think you can be positioned to deliver production volumes to your customers. 
Michael Bradley: Yes, I’m not going to break that down. I’ll just say we’re in tightly coupled here to the design partner, and we’ve got a lot of work to do on that front.
Auguste Richard - Piper Jaffrey: Okay. All right. That’s it for me. Thanks so much.
Michael Bradley: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sajit Sankar with Bank of America.
Krish Sankar - Banc of America: Yes, thanks for taking my question. I have a few questions. When you look at the HTD model on the unarticulated one, is it fair enough to assume the gross margins are much better corporate margins but probably equal in the up margin level?
Michael Bradley: Exactly correct.
Krish Sankar - Banc of America: Okay. And then, can 10 million run rate for Nextest this quarter— is it fair enough to view it’s going to be around this level or maybe slower going forth the next few quarters? I mean, is this the trough level for Nextest revenue?
Michael Bradley: I— it— you’re talking about the flash? Or Nextest?
Krish Sankar - Banc of America: Oh, yes, yes. The flash. Sorry.
Michael Bradley: The fourth quarter revenue we actually expect could increase a little bit, but you could think about these as possibly trough level revenues. 
Krish Sankar - Banc of America: Okay. 
Michael Bradley: There are some new products that are likely to be accepted, recognized and read in the fourth quarter. So what’s holding our flash memory business up better is some new products that are being accepted by some large customers. 
Krish Sankar - Banc of America: When you look at the high speed memory or DDR3 opportunity, do you realistically think it’s actually going to be a 2009 opportunity for you guys? Or is it pushed out to a 2010 story at this point? Well, the design-in phase will be in 2009 opportunity. I think the big question mark is how much volume there’ll be in 2009. 
Krish Sankar - Banc of America: Okay. And how much shares did you guys buy back in the quarter?
Michael Bradley: Zero.
Krish Sankar - Banc of America:  Zero. Okay. And just a couple more quick housekeeping questions. What’s your tax rate guidance going forward? 
Michael Bradley: Well, longer term it’s still about the same rate. It’s 20 to 30 before adding Eagle; if you add Eagle it probably goes up to 30 to 32, or just slightly above 30.
Krish Sankar - Banc of America: Okay. And on the (inaudible 00:57:32) you were in like 15 % at 345 million revenue run date with Eagle. What are the contributions of mid-cycle Eagle revenues? Is it around the $20 million level? 
Michael Bradley:  Actually, let’s make sure I get this clarified. The midcycle revenue model—
Krish Sankar - Banc of America: The midcycle model that you set at 15 % up margin at 345 million or less of Eagle, right?
Michael Bradley: Yes. Correct. Thank you. 
Krish Sankar - Banc of America: What are the contributions of Eagle in it? Is it a 20 million run rate?
Michael Bradley: Yes. It’s 25.
Krish Sankar - Banc of America: 25. Okay. Okay. And just one last question. Did you guys refile the HSR for Eagle?
Gregory Beecher: It gets—the HSR has got to be filed. That’s a regular process that is followed, that there’s a refilling that takes place, triggered by— 
Michael Bradley: Say it—
Krish Sankar - Banc of America: It was rejected the first time and then you had to go back and revisit it again? 
Michael Bradley: Yes. It’s not a—it’s a normal, normal process. Nothing unusual should happen with Nextest. 
Krish Sankar - Banc of America: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Mehdi Hosseini of FBR.
Mehdi Hosseini - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Thank you. Thanks for taking my question. Most of my questions have been answered. Just as a follow-up to the cost structure, is there a Plan B in case the lower demand environment doesn’t improve in the second half of ’09?  Where you would take additional fixed costs out? Or is there an opportunity, or a thought process to lower the break-even to below 250?
Michael Bradley: Well, there’s always a Plan B and a Plan C, so there is. I don’t want to detail what that would be. I would say that if we got to Plan B the market is in is putting tremendous pressure on the supplier base and hopefully we could exploit that as part of a Plan B. But we have to be setting up contingency plans for a tougher market.  I think the moves we’re making here, Mehdi, are aggressive moves. This is not light dusting for us to move our break-even down this level. But we always have to have in our back pocket what would we do if—
Mehdi Hosseini - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Right. I see the test equipment industry consolidating. Obviously there are fewer vendors today compared to a year ago. But at the same time, your customer’s products have become even more commoditized. And to that extent, I’m just curious to hear your thought in the longer term, I would assume that the overall addressable market, in terms of dollars of revenue may have shrunk.  So why not become proactive and put the Plan B in the front stage? And I do understand that you want to capture the upside if the industry turns around. But it seems to me that the growth rates have come down. So why not put the Plan B in the front stage? 
Gregory Beecher: Mehdi, this is Greg. We’re investing over 20 % of our engineering to get into new markets. And that’s high leverage, with highly differentiated products. That to us is a much greater payback, much greater payback to the shareholders. So, growth and very high drop through, given the standard margins in this business.  And we have over many years adjusted the break-even level down quite consistently as it becomes clearer that the market is a different size going forward. And the judgment is, what do we think the long term market size is? And as we look at that, we’re not in a position where we think SOC test is going to be fundamentally different than, say, a $2.4 billion market.  If we conclude later on that that assumption is optimistic, we will do what we’ve done in the past. We’ll have to resize the company. But the $2.4 billion assumption is quite conservative compared to history and what we think will ultimately occur, given the desire for consumer electronics and so forth.
Mehdi Hosseini - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Patrick Ho with Stifel Nicolaus.
Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks a lot. Mike, you mentioned some of the bright spots on the SOC side with the IDMs. Can you tell us on the subcon side where some of those drops were, where the weakness was as the quarter progressed?
Michael Bradley: I can. You know, it’s from the specifiers, always, right? The OSATS follow the direction of the specifiers. The segment, let me just get here the segment movements.  The biggest down stroke, I gave you where the strength was. We’ve had tremendous three quarter business in the wireless base. And that was the segment that dropped most. Base band also was softer. Consumer audio-video was softer. Those would be the three places that took the biggest downstroke. 
Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus: Great, that’s helpful. And Greg, maybe can you give a little bit more clarification on the inventory provision, the $26 million? I think you mentioned that? So was that primarily memory, given that you’re moving over to the Magnum II? 
Michael Bradley: No, it wasn’t. It was an SOC test, and we’re introducing a new product that is highly successful. That new product, customers were taking it much faster and at the same time, the power generation product, very successful. There was high demand for that. And we got caught in a product transition and a steep fall-off in demand.  So we think the charge is prudent to get it behind us. If we do find out down the road we sell some of this inventory, we’ll fully disclose it to you guys. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Brett Hodess with Merrill Lynch.
Brett Hodess - Merrill Lynch: Good morning. I’m wondering if you could talk a little bit about the system test business in a weak economic environment. Is it as sensitive as the semi side has been at this point, given the end market mix that it has? Should we expect, in a weak economy, that it continues to weaken? Or do you think it’s found a base level?
Michael Bradley: Brett, it’s held up for a number of reasons. But I think some parts of it will be sensitive. Obviously the Mil Aero space for us is not on the same pulse rate, biorhythm that semiconductor test is. And I think that that will tend to be a steadier place maybe the steadiest of the business segments.  In our in circuit tests that has held up mostly for the same reasons the IDMs have held up, and that is we’ve gained some ground there, competitively, in the storage area. And in Asia, subcons. But I think that one has to be sensitive to the overall economy. And so where we’re cautious about that space.  Automotive has been—I’ll take—in our commercial airlines, which is an arm of the defense and Mil Aero business, that is obviously also softer for us. So as a subset of the Mil Aero business, that’s a soft spot. And in automotive, it’s very, very choppy, always, naturally because of model implementations. But that business is just under a tremendous amount of pressure, as you know. So it’s a weaker segment for us, right now.
Brett Hodess - Merrill Lynch: So if you look across the mix, maybe it comes down, the mix adjusted in that system business may it declines a little bit, but probably not a big step down. It’s been running sort of in the same revenue range for quite a while, give or take. 
Michael Bradley: Yes, I don’t think it will have as much volatility. It’s not anywhere close to the level of volatility that we’ve got. Plus or minus what, Greg, would you say?
Gregory Beecher: I think it’s plus or minus 10. It could be 50 or 49 or up to the high 50s.
Brett Hodess - Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jagadish Iyer with UBF. 
Jagadish Iyer - UBF: Hi.. A couple quick questions. Thank you for taking my question. The first thing is, how should we think about Q4 in terms of your guidance. How much of it is seasonality and how much of it is really customer (inaudible 01:06:23) weakness. Can you help us with that?
Michael Bradley : It’s tough to separate those two elements. You’re right that Q4 does tend to have a seasonality element to it, given the holiday seasons. And we are actually getting some buys now for the Christmas or holiday demand.  But I think in my judgment more the macroeconomic concern, there’s a lot of fear and worry. So I think it’s more the broader macroeconomic issues than the seasonality is what’s behind the short term picture for us. 
Jagadish Iyer - UBF: The other question is, how much should we think about services going in for 2009? Do you think, do you expect this to be stable going into 2009?
Michael Bradley :  Yes. Our goal would be to keep it stable. I think it’s about 68 million. It may drop a few million to 65 or something. But we would work very hard to keep it at about that line. We would not expect it to grow, but we’re going to try to work very hard to keep it close to that.  Some of the services we’re selling engineers. And some of that business has not been as profitable. So if the revenue number does come down, I think you’d see that we wouldn’t lose profit. As you might have noticed, the profit rate’s improved in that business quite a bit from, say, a year ago.  So we’re more focused on profits and profit dollars than top line. So we’re also working on making sure each piece of business makes sense, or is it just basically not attractive to us.
Jagadish Iyer - UBF: My last question is, how should we think about, in terms of the 2009 SOC market, what kind of market share are you anticipating you would achieve? And what would be the biggest surprise in terms of the segments with whom they associate which you could have a big surprise, probably in the second half of ’09? Thank you. 
Michael Bradley : Well, the market size, we’re going to enter the year at a, as I was commenting on earlier, to a question that came earlier, that the market is very depressed at this point. You know, one point, 1.0 % buy rate. So we’re going to end, we’re going to get in to a very soft first half.  We’re covering all of the spaces now. When we add Eagle into the portfolio of SOC products, we’ll have everything covered, from very analog-centric to most complex integrated SOC devices.  The strength this past year has been some of the things that I mentioned earlier, but the wireless area has been very strong. I think the new products that we’ve got will give us the ability to move up in almost any segment that moves.  The one thing I’ll say, Jagadish is that we have not— we’re so broad that when a segment moves, it doesn’t uplift us or drop us dramatically on its own. Very diversified and no segment or customer that’s 10 % of our business. 
Jagadish Iyer - UBF: Thank you.
Michael Bradley: Dennis, we’ll take one more question.
Operator: Okay, the final question will come from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
Kate Kaslarski - Goldman Sachs: Hi, I’m Kate Kaslarski for Jim Covello. Just have a couple of questions. One is, as you think about your order progression over the next couple of quarters, and recognizing visibility is very low, how much more downside do you think there is to your ’07 orders? Do you think there is a trough levels after this recent drop, or is there a lot more to go?  And then, when you think about your IDM customers, obviously it’s held up pretty well. But do you think we could see similar magnitudes of declines as you’ve seen from your OSAT customers this quarter?
Michael Bradley : Well, we sure hope not. The magnitude on the OSAT is we were at 130 million in the second quarter, and that dropped by about 100. So you can size how much it could be from where we are now and zero.  We don’t expect it goes to zero. But that segment of the market is in a very very tight hand to mouth operating mode.  IDMs is going to be hard to call. It really depends upon the overall market, which I think is in a downward trajectory, as I think we all agree. Offset by some gains we’ve had in share, and then factoring in utilization. So what I said in my opening comments is I expect that to be down. I can’t actually tell you how much it will go down, but I think the IDM sector has to follow down, here.
Kate Kaslarski - Goldman Sachs: And then one more quick question on your OpEx guidance. Obviously your revenues are going down quite a bit. It seems like expenses are sort of staying flat. I was just curious why they’re not coming down a little bit more next quarter. 
Gregory Beecher: In the third quarter we had about 10 million of variable compensation credits that hit that quarter because we hit our annual estimate of our profit rate, which many of our composition programs are pegged to. So that credit occurred in Q3, lowering Q3 from what it would otherwise be. A better comparison for you may be to look at Q4 versus Q2, reductions of some significance. 
Kate Kaslarski - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you very much.
Michael Bradley: Okay, thanks everyone, we’ll talk to you next quarter. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Teradyne Third Quarter 2008 conference call.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Tom Newman – Vice President, Corporate Relations Michael A. Bradley - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Gregory R. Beecher - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President, Principal Accounting Officer & Treasurer
Analysts: Satya Kumar – Credit Suisse First Boston Timothy Arcuri – Citigroup CJ Muse – Lehman Brothers, Inc. Brett Hodess – Merrill Lynch Bill Ong – American Technology Research Jim Covello – Goldman Sachs Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Michael Chu – JP Morgan Patrick Ho – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Krish Sankar – Banc of America Securities Steven Pelayo – HSBC Jeff Richards – Piper Jaffray 
Operator:  Welcome to the quarter two 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Tom Newman you may begin your conference.
Tom Newman: Welcome to our discussion of Teradyne’s most recent financial results. I’m joined this morning by our Chief Executive Office, Mike Bradley and our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks we’ll provide you with details of our performance for the second quarter of 2008 as well as our outlook for the third quarter. First however I’d like to address some administrative issues. The press release containing our most recent financial results was sent out by a business wire yesterday evening. Copies are available on our website or by calling Teradyne’s Corporate Relations office at 978-370-2221. This call is being simultaneously webcast over our website at www.Teradyne.com. Note that during this call we are providing some slides on our website that will be summarized and that reinforce some of the highlights. They may be helpful to you in following the discussion. To view them simply access the Investor portion of our site and click on live webcast followed by click here for webcast.  In addition replays of this call will be available starting around noon today Eastern time. The phone replay number in the US and Canada is 800-642-1687. Outside the US and Canada the number is 706-645-9291. The passcode for both numbers is 12340. A web replay is also will also be available. You’ll find it by going to www.teradyne.com and clicking on Investors. The replays will be available along with the slides through August 7.  The matters that we discuss today may include forward-looking statements about events or the future financial performance of the company. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results can differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Some of those risks and certainties are detailed in our press release and our filings with the SEC. Additionally those forward-looking statements including guidance are made as of today and we do not take any obligation to update them. Investors should note that only Mike Bradley, Greg Beecher and I are authorized to provide company guidance. During today’s call we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We have posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures including a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure were available on our website. To view them, go to the Investor portion of our website and click on the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation link.  Also you may want to note that between now and our next conference call, Teradyne will be participating in the Morgan Stanley Midwest Semi- and Semi-Cap day in Chicago on August 26 and Citigroup’s 15th Annual Global Tech Conference in New York on September 2 through 4th.   Now let’s get on with the rest of the agenda. First our CEO and President, Mike Bradley, will review the state of the company and the industry in the second quarter of 2008 and will review our outlook for the third quarter 2008. Then our Vice President, Treasurer and CFO, Greg Beecher, will provide more details of our financial performance in the second quarter and on our guidance for the third quarter of 2008. We will then answer your questions. For scheduling purposes you should note that we intend to end this call after one hour.
Michael A. Bradley: Let me give you the conclusions first then I’d like to expand a bit on what’s contained in our Q2 results and in our projections for this next quarter plus I’d like to also give you an update on our longer term strategy. First of all we’re making steady bottom line progress as reflected in our second quarter results and third quarter guidance. Second we’re on plan with our new product rollouts in our SOC test business after a very good first half. Third our memory test business is making good headway with its new product rollouts as well but is not seeing any significant amount of capacity buy. Finally we’re on pace to meet our end of the year break even target of $250 million or less. We’re not immune to the headwinds in the general economy but our ties to many of our customers’ new product programs and continued docket wins have driven our progress this year. Greg will go through the financials shortly but you can see that from the fourth quarter of last year to this coming quarter our steady work on the cost and productivity side of the equation continues to have an impact on the bottom line.  Now let me spend a few minutes on our SOC new product progress this year as that’s the centerpiece of our 2008 plan. If you remember we’ve got five new products where we’re shooting to get $150 million to $200 million in business this year. As planned we about doubled our new product orders in this last quarter so we’re more than halfway to that goal. The big story in this area for us is wireless. We just completed the strongest six month order period for wireless configurations in our history, demand for our 12-gigahertz ultra-wave subsystem is growing rapidly and this is buttressed by continued strong buying of our high volume fourth generation product. In the RS segment where we have more than 50% market share we have nearly doubled our bookings in the first half of this year versus the second half of 2007. I think we’ll see continued adoption as the ultra-wave instrument is coupled with some of the other new products and subsystems that we’ve launched such as our high density version of the Ultra Flex. I should note that although total SOC bookings were flat system demand that is non-service bookings climbed 8% sequentially after 14% sequential growth last quarter. This was driven in addition to the surge in wireless by power management, consumer and base band segments. OSAT demand grew over 35% sequentially while specifier buying dropped just under 30% resulting OSATs accounting for about 55% of our demand this quarter up from 40% in Q1. In total the appetite for our products has continued to grow through the second quarter despite a pretty harsh economic climate. There are some soft spots of course some driven by weaker end markets and others by cyclical supply and demand patterns. We have seen a sequential decline in the image sensor area and in micro-controller applications besides the normal lumpy demand patterns. In addition the LCD driver space is over capacity so we’re not seeing volume buying there in spite of very strong qualification activity. The overall new product order rate has been quite good for us in the first half. Finally we’re closing in on the 2000 system mark in flex products and will likely break through that market in the next few months. Similarly we expect to get the 3000 unit mark for J750 products by year end. I mention this only to reinforce the ongoing strength of these products in the market.  Now you can see from our $20 million lower guidance range for Q3 that we’re pulling in our horns somewhat in the short term in booked SOC and memory applications. This obviously reflects the near end caution that we’re hearing from customers. With a very flexible supply line we can move this up or down of course but the very close end indicators from customers are increasingly on the side of caution and close monitoring with their capacity needs. Now let me give you a few words on the memory side. There’s good news on the new product front and not so good news on overall market demand that I know you’re all aware of. You’ve probably seen our recent announcement of the Magnum II product. This product incorporates higher frequency and enhanced redundancy analysis thereby broadening our test capability for advanced flash technologies and other applications like multi-chip packages. We have a number of installations in place now with full customer acceptance and expect those to broaden in the months ahead. The Magnum II development was one of the linchpins in convincing us the next test could expand its served market and gain share long term. The product gives us access to multi-chip package tests where NAN, DRAM and controller functions can now be tested on a single pass. We’re very pleased with the momentum of the Magnum line and we’ve made important inroads this last quarter in Taiwan and Korea. The overall memory test market has dropped by 50% or more in recent quarters so we’ll be shipping at slightly reduced revenue level in the third quarter held back by this overall market decline. Now in our system test business it’s a somewhat similar story but with revenue projections about flat from Q2. Our mil/aero results remain solid and we’ve seen increased in-circuit test demand from PC, server, notebook and telecomm test applications. Automotive test is in a lull due to a different program buy. We’re likely to see softness in the automotive sector for the next six months or so, so we’re counting on continued good performance from the mil/aero business. Our customers’ forecast visibility remains extremely short right range. Our revenue guidance is set by our backlog plus a very short demand horizon. Over that horizon it’s difficult to predict. Since much of our energy focuses on our customers’ new products I’m confident that we’ll continue to make headway, competitive shootouts and strengthen our position in the market. Now the longer term picture for us remains very promising. In addition to the TAM expansion in memory driven by next test we intend to enlarge our presence in memory test next year for high speed test applications. In addition we’re exploring a potential new adjacency in hard disk drive testing which has the promise of technology leverage from some of our other businesses. Now I can’t comment further on these areas but we’ll certainly do so when they have secured a customer [v-chip] and are expected to make a meaningful bottom line contribution. So our growth strategy continues to unfold in a consistent way. First, to enlarge our SOC core through steady market share gains in that $2.5 billion to $3 billion market. Second, to enter the flash market through next text then expand our served market in testing more complex memory architectures with our next generation platform for next test. Third, to leverage our SOC technology into the high speed memory space and fourth to venture into test segments outside our core such as hard disk drive testing that have market scale and where we can bring unique solutions based upon our enabling technology. All of this expands our served market by over $1 billion by this time next year. Now let me turn it over to Greg for some further explanations on the financials.
Gregory R. Beecher: I plan on covering three main subjects in our call today. First, is an update of our progress in achieving model profitability by year end at this cycle revenue? Next provide some color on our second quarter results and lastly I’ll provide some details for my third quarter guidance. So how are we doing in achieving 15% model profitability by year end at this cycle revenue? The short answer is that we’re on plan. We remain on track in lowering our quarterly operating break even level as well as achieving our new product rollout goals. As Mike has already covered the new product momentum I’ll focus my comments on the cost side of the ledger. As you will recall we described that we would get our quarterly operating break even level to $250 million or lower by the end of 2008. This would fully offset the $20 million a quarter break even increase from the addition of next test and would amount to just over 3 percentage points at the operating income line. So where do we stand against this commitment? At the halfway point in 2008 we have about two-thirds of this $20 million reduction behind us and are on plan to get the full amount by year end. The final one-third improvement will show up in engineering and in gross margins. In engineering the savings will come from the completion of engineering projects, higher levels of module reuse and improved development processes. Moving to gross margins I’m pleased to report that the flex outsourcing to [Chuso] China was completed during the past quarter ahead of schedule. We’re not unique in that our full flex manufacturing line from board assembly to final configuration and test is all in one low cost outsource cite which has many benefits including lower freight costs, less in transit inventory, lower oversight costs and high responsiveness. There are some other smaller contributors across the company to lowering break even which range from low cost offshoring of some transactional work to further reducing our real estate footprint. For modeling purposes what does all this mean using mid-cycle revenue against our operating break even levels in the second, third and fourth quarter of this year? Well we would be at 13% operating profit in the second quarter, 14% in the third and of course we’d get to 15% in the fourth quarter. So we’re making good steady progress. We’re also spending at a much higher level than in recent years in developing products for new adjacencies. These new adjacency revenue streams are not in our model revenue but the costs are in our current engineering spending. More will be said on this front when we have customer acceptance of these new products. Now for the second quarter financial highlights, sales were $317.7 million up 7% from the first quarter, earnings per share totaled $0.16 on a non-GAAP basis and $0.06 on a GAAP basis. Note that our second quarter P&L included a full quarter of next test fixed costs which pulled down the EPS drop through on the higher second quarter sales. Gross margins were 48.4% of sales up from non-GAAP gross margins on 47.7% of sales in the first quarter due primarily to higher buying. R&D expenses were $56.2 million or 17.7% of sales compared to $55.1 million or 18.5% of sales in the first quarter. The dollar increase resulted from including a full quarter of next test engineering spending versus two months in the first quarter. Increase in SG&A for a full quarter of next test were offset by synergies and other reductions leaving SG&A essentially flat at $65.5 million or 20.6% of sales from $65.2 million or 29.1% of sales in the first quarter. Our net interest and other income was $2.5 million down from $5.1 million in the first quarter due primarily to lower cash balances. We had $5.9 million of income tax expense for a tax rate of 17% on a non-GAAP basis in the quarter and our quarter ending headcount was approximately 3,600 employees. In the second quarter semiconductor test sales were 83% of the total and the system test group was 17%. On a geographic basis our second quarter sales broke down as follows, Asia 57%, US 19%, Japan 11%, Europe 10% and rest of world 3%. Our book-to-bill ratio for the second quarter were .97 for the overall company, .99 for semiconductor test and .87 for the system test group. At the end of the quarter our backlog stood at $364 million of which 87% is scheduled to ship within the next six months. On a geographic basis our bookings for the quarter were distributed as follows, Asia 60%, US 22%, Europe 7%, Japan 10% and rest of world 1%. Now moving to the balance sheet, we ended the second quarter with cash and marketable securities of $414 million, cash flow from operations after deducting capital additions of $14 million totaled approximately $19 million. Since last quarter we used $58 million of cash to repurchase approximately 4.7 million of our shares at an average price of $12.46. As we speak our remaining share buy back authorization totals $297 million. Depreciation and amortization for the second quarter was $31 million including $5.7 million of stock-based compensation, $4.5 million of accelerated depreciation for real estate to be sold and $4.8 million for intangible in position. Accounts receivable stood at $212.5 million for a 61 days sales outstanding an improvement of one day over the prior quarter. We ended the quarter with product inventory of $118.4 million an increase of $14 million over the prior quarter primarily associated with new products. Sales for the third quarter are expected to be between $290 million and $310 million. Non-GAAP earnings per share in the third quarter are expected to be between $0.10 and $0.15 excluding amortization for acquired intangibles and special items. Now turning to P&L details, we expect gross margins to be between 38% and 49%, R&D should run between 18% and 19% and SG&A should run between 21% and 22%. The non-GAAP tax rate for the third quarter and for the year should be around 20%. Our longer term tax rate remains at 28% to 30%. We expect to end the quarter with diluted share count of 172 million shares. Stepping back, in summary we’re making steady progress on our financial model. We’re lowering our operating break even, riding out more market share gains in our core SOC test market and we’re investing in adjacencies that expand our served markets at a rate much higher than our recent past. Our workforce is dominated by designs and customer support personnel, our supply line is highly optimized and we’re on the offense. Despite the near term difficult macro economic environment we’re facing we’re pleased with our progress and our longer term prospects. Now I’ll turn the call back over to Tom.
Tom Newman: We’d now like to take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question is from Satya Kumar – Credit Suisse First Boston.
Satya Kumar – Credit Suisse First Boston: I was just wondering if you could give us your assumptions; once again remind us of the product mix for that type of revenues?
Gregory R. Beecher: The product mix would generally be 80% semi-test and 20% STG.
Satya Kumar – Credit Suisse First Boston: What growth levels are you able to get this 15% operating margins? What is the cycle?
Gregory R. Beecher: It’s $340 million, $345 million.
Satya Kumar – Credit Suisse First Boston: As you ramp these new products in SOC how would that impact the gross margins in the back half of the year?
Gregory R. Beecher: Part of our path to get to model includes improving gross margins and the improving the gross margins comes from both the new products, they will improve our gross margins as well as the continuation of the outsourcing which has been completed and the benefits of the outsourcing now will start to be realized in full force in the second half of the year.
Satya Kumar – Credit Suisse First Boston: So the new products are basically not in line with the gross margins or better, right? [Inaudible] gross margins?
Gregory R. Beecher: They’re generally better.
Satya Kumar – Credit Suisse First Boston: Final question for me, I’m curious about this hard ware opportunity that you talked about. Can you talk about the market in general and opportunity for this versus the LCD test initiative and who are your competitors in the hardware test market right now? Where do you seem to have value versus the competition?
Michael A. Bradley: You said in comparison to?
Satya Kumar – Credit Suisse First Boston: LCD markets, LCD test markets.
Michael A. Bradley: The LCD driver market. Let’s see, I think there’s some significant similarities in the cost drive in both markets and the need for high parallelism. That’s an obvious similarity between the two. At the moment the LCD driver test market has over capacity so it is not driving any capacity buying, it is only driving qualification work. The hard disk drive market which I’ll just touch on very briefly because we don’t want to get into what we’re doing there with regard to product but the growth in that market for this next generation of smaller hard disk drives is significant over the next few years, on the order of 40% compound annual growth and we think that drives a market of a few hundred million dollars a year in total available market and the capability that we’re going to develop will call upon some of the capabilities and enabling technology that we have in other businesses. Major competitor in that market, commercial supplier, is [Iratex].
Operator: Your next question is from Timothy Arcuri – Citigroup.
Timothy Arcuri – Citigroup: Couple things, how much of the $150 million to $200 million that you’re saying for new product revenues this year, how much of that cannibalizes current revenue?
Michael A. Bradley: Let’s see, Tim. Let me see if I can get it because obviously a chunk of that is a conversion. What we’re shooting for is to get about a third of that in for new customers so that would be share gains of $50 million to let’s say $65 million is the target. The rest of it complements our overall product portfolio. To put the math all together, the hope is when we do all of that, that we would get a point to two points of share in the SOC core this year.
Gregory R. Beecher: On the two-thirds we would expect to get more attractive gross margins because we’re putting in new technology in place of some technology that is less competitive.
Timothy Arcuri – Citigroup: So the right way to think about that is really that you’re only adding about $50 million to maybe a little more million dollars in flat out new revenue this year?
Michael A. Bradley: That’s the way to think about it on the new product side. At the same time, the existing products also have a role and a have a job to do of expanding socket-by-socket. So we expect a bit more from that. The short end on this is if you’re trying to gain net gain one point of share we think you have to get a gross gain of a point and a half because we don’t win every contest. We don’t go undefeated. So we’ve got to win more than the net share that we gain each year.
Timothy Arcuri – Citigroup: I had a couple more, so what do you think that that number, let’s say it’s $50 million this year, what do you think that number is just sheer new revenue next year? Is it double that, maybe $100 million?
Michael A. Bradley: We haven’t done that yet, don’t know.
Timothy Arcuri – Citigroup: Next thing, can you give me some breakout in terms of the OpEx by semi versus non-semi- because I guess I’ve looked at the semi- OpEx and I’ve talked to Tom about this before but if you look at the semi- OpEx it just looks like in the semi- business you’re spending a lot more money than peers are so I’m just wondering if you could break that out for me?
Gregory R. Beecher: In the second quarter in semi-test we spent $47 million, this is with next test too, and this is all semi-test, $47 million in R&D and $55 million SG&A.
Timothy Arcuri – Citigroup: Maybe just two more quick things, can you break the $264 million in semi-test revenue? Can you break out how much of that was memory?
Gregory R. Beecher: The memory in the second quarter was $14 million.
Timothy Arcuri – Citigroup: What’s embedded in your September guidance for memory?
Gregory R. Beecher: Likely flat to down a little.
Timothy Arcuri – Citigroup: Last thing, maybe my memory is not correct on this, but isn’t there a lawsuit right now that’s pending relative to your HDTV, your entry into the HDTV market?
Michael A. Bradley: Tim, I can’t comment on any legal activities around it. What is out there you can get access to but we can’t make any other comments.
Timothy Arcuri – Citigroup: Right, but you can comment factually, there is in fact, you are named in a lawsuit relative to that new product, correct?
Tom Newman: On that front, yes.
Michael A. Bradley: Yes, that is true and we’re going forward with the product.
Operator: Your next question is from CJ Muse – Lehman Brothers, Inc.
CJ Muse – Lehman Brothers, Inc.: If I could take you back on that last question, could you tell us what your core SOC revenues were as well as what LCD driver revenues were in the quarter?
Michael A. Bradley: We can give you the SOC revenues in total. As we said last quarter we’re not breaking out the five product revenue pieces at this point but do report to you on how we’re doing in the overall package of those products. On that front I don’t know if I said it, we’re about halfway to the objective that we’ve got this year in the $150 million to $200 million so we feel pretty good about the momentum on that front so far.
CJ Muse – Lehman Brothers, Inc.: On the LCD driver part of things we talked about excess capacity there, have you revenued tools yet?
Michael A. Bradley: There is no revenue yet on that product.
CJ Muse – Lehman Brothers, Inc.: Thinking about overall guide for September at the midpoint, running my numbers I think that suggests roughly SOC down $20 million if you assume that your service holds relatively flat, where are you seeing the softness there?
Michael A. Bradley: The softness going forward?
CJ Muse – Lehman Brothers, Inc.: Yes, exactly.
Michael A. Bradley: It’s a number of places, it’s not one place. We expect that things will trend down; we’ve had a record demand in wireless. We think that comes down a little bit in the third quarter. Base span was very strong so those are the two places where we are seeing signals from customers that they’re in a digestion mode. Memory is down a little bit because the capacity buying is really off. I think the overall memory market quarterly run rate now is 50% or less than it’s normal rate. But there’s a pretty broad set of places where the short term demand I’m talking about, in other words the visibility we have over the next month or so appears to us to be off. So as I said we pulled our horns in ship level across the board in those products. At the same time we’ve got many of the new products are all ramping through this period?
CJ Muse – Lehman Brothers, Inc.: In terms of your incremental revenues from new products, on the last quarter call you talked about $50 million to $70 million, this call $50 million to $65 million. Are you changing your thoughts there or is that just $5 million is not a big deal there?
Michael A. Bradley: No changing the thoughts.
CJ Muse – Lehman Brothers, Inc.: Last question here, can you give us an update on the move to wafer tests with our Magnum tool set?
Michael A. Bradley: We introduced the Magnum II higher frequency more capability for the next generation of NAN parts and the multi-chip packages. On the wafer front as we talked last quarter we have a very small position on wafer test with Magnum I and with Magnum II and that’s under 10% of our total business. That’s an available market to us that hasn’t really been developed yet. This quarter we expanded our customer base with two new customers in Taiwan for wafer probe so we’re expecting that that rate of penetration into the probe market will expand for us. We’re hoping to get that to about double that level in 2009, north of 20%.
Operator: Your next question is from Brett Hodess – Merrill Lynch.
Brett Hodess – Merrill Lynch: You talked about the resurgence in the OSAT group in the second quarter, the high sequential growth rate, when we look into the second half and the caution and some of the weakness that you talked about, does that flow back from the OSAT group or is it mainly in the IBM? Depending on the mix of those two how much impact does that have on your margins?
Michael A. Bradley: Definitely the OSAT numbers here have grown dramatically. We’re at a eight quarter high in our OSAT demand so they’re into a very, very high digestion phase right now. So we think that has to come down a little bit. We don’t have it broken out in terms of what the expectation around this quarter’s demand will be but a 55%, 45% split with OSATs at 55% is high. So we think that’s definitely a piece of the pullback.
Brett Hodess – Merrill Lynch: Does that help or hurt margins as that piece pulls back?
Michael A. Bradley: I think it’s neutral to margins, I think the margins would not be expected to vary in any significant way based upon the customer. It’s more dependent upon the application versus the end customer.
Operator: The next question is from Bill Ong – American Technology Research.
Bill Ong – American Technology Research: We’ve been seeing in pricing in raw materials and component costs. I just want to see if that has impacted your cost of goods and if so, have you been able to pass the cost on to your customers?
Gregory R. Beecher: The impact to date has been small. We have ongoing discussions with our suppliers where we’re obviously trying to get them to lower their cost, they’re trying to pass on items you mention as well as currency if there some client from overseas. But net-net we expect to hit our material costs down target goals this year so the impact of what you’ve heard about has not been significant to Teradyne as of yet.
Michael A. Bradley: Bill we typically don’t have a cost pass-through. We just work against value of the product and try to drive the pricing off that.
Operator: Your next question is from Jim Covello – Goldman Sachs.
Jim Covello – Goldman Sachs: Couple quick things, as it relates to the memory business I think ScanDisk was about 40% of next test business and obviously they reported some weak results and talked about cutting back on their capacity growth. Should we use them as a leading indicator for what we could expect for that business? When they start to see better trends that ought to map pretty closely given that they’re already cutting back?
Michael A. Bradley: I think that would be fair. The capacity buying as I said is off, that’s a piece of it. That wouldn’t be a bad element. Our overall memory business hasn’t gone down the level that the overall market has so that means that it’s new product driven, new applications driven for us. Having said that we don’t have a large market share in that segment so we’re able to buck the tide a little bit there.
Jim Covello – Goldman Sachs: Moving over the SSG and the competitive environment there, how are you feeling about a share? In particular, one of your big competitors is highlighting two pretty significant order wins and shipments. Were those situations that you are involved in bidding on or is that not something that you were interested in?
Michael A. Bradley: Let me talk in general about the competitive landscape versus specific sales situations. So far through this year we think we’re continuing on a trajectory here of share gains and we get those, they’re not all marquee one shot deals where you get one thing and say that’s accounting for the lion’s share of the share movement. We have so many markets that we’re in, we get them in smaller pieces. We have had some important platform wins in the first half, one of those in the automotive space which I think you’re aware of, another win in the ASIC space. Neither of those has yielded significant revenue to date so they are really in our future. But as you look through the first half of the year we think the market’s about $1.3 billion so far through the first half and we think we’ve gained some position on that. Having said that, market share numbers don’t solidify until you get a little bit past the end of the year. If you count noses the net effect of our design ends, wins and losses puts us slightly ahead of the game for this year and our target as I said before is to gain one to two points net which is what we’ve done the last three years.
Operator: Your next question is from Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.
Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Some things don’t quite square with me. Mike, you basically talked about LCD drive IT tests and the flat panel display business being in over supply and it sounded like you’re hinting that could potentially dampen your view on volume buys for your LCD driver IT test products. If that product is part of the $150 million to $200 million new product revenue stream that you still expect this year, shouldn’t that number be cut down maybe by $20 million or $30 million so really it’s $120 million to $170 million now?
Michael A. Bradley: The answer is that of the five new products, some are ahead of pace, some are behind in pace. In particular the wireless new product is ahead of that pace. We were hoping that that would give us 20% or 25% of that growth, it’s closer to 35% to 40%. So some of the new products are lagging because of market conditions, others have accelerated dramatically. Just to give you a bit of a feel for that we’ll ship about 50 ultra-wave products this quarter. On top of that we’ll ship about a third additional units for internal use. So the ultra-wave is well ahead of plan and that’s more than made up for the softness in the LCD space.
Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: My second point is just on the inorganic part of that $150 million to $200 million, with the LCD driver IT diminishing in terms of prospects for volume buys, is most of that $150 million to $200 million now, most of it seems to me is organic contribution, either a replacement cycle or share gain. Is that a right characterization?
Michael A. Bradley: Yes, it’s all of that set of products that we’re talking about is inside SOC and you’re right, you could carve out LCD as a place we haven’t played in the past. So all of the other portfolio of products, for example the new image sensor product, micro-controller product or the high density version of the ultra-flex, all of those build on and fan out from an existing position that we have.
Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: If I look over the last five years just doing fill in math and averaging the sequential growth rate in Q4 over the last five years, I get something like 12% decline quarter-for-quarter in Q4 at the top line, anything different this year or this cycle that would make that seasonal down 10% to 15% for Q4 out of the norm this year?
Michael A. Bradley: If you are looking out and modeling it that way and I see why you do it, I think that we would have no argument with the fact that the seasonality in this, I think that there’s this very, very intense utilization push on by our customers and if you look at our utilization numbers, we’re actually up in utilization for the last two quarters. As I said before we’ve been pretty steady but the curve goes up in the March quarter and the June quarter for us and to what that’s reflective as we look at softening in the third quarter demand, we see unrelenting pressure on the utilization side of it. So I think that might have some impact on how the trending will go in 08. Having said that I’m really not speculating about Q4 at this point because visibility is so short given lead times.
Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: I was just wondering if anything stood out like a sore thumb this year versus any other year. Last question here for Greg, not sure I caught it, but according to my math at least on a GAAP basis gross margin came in 40 basis points above the top end of the range, revenue obviously not at the top end of the range. What drove a better margin there? Is it mix?
Gregory R. Beecher: The gross margin improvement was largely better mix.
Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Mix was a bigger driver for gross margin then cost reduction?
Gregory R. Beecher: It was cost reduction but mix was the bigger driver and what was behind mix was some of the new products. So the new products are kicking in, replacing products that have lower margins.
Operator: Your next question is from Michael Chu – JP Morgan.
Michael Chu – JP Morgan: Could you provide an update on your DDR III activity? Also maybe help us get the size for the part of the market that you’re interested in in particular?
Michael A. Bradley: I’m maybe a little bit redundant from what we said in the past and that is all we’re going to describe at this point is that we do have ongoing R&D efforts in the high speed memory space, the DDR III and beyond space and we would build on technology that we have in our instrument space and portfolio in our SOC market as well as the history of knowledge in the memory business plus the next test input. That’s the nature of what we would have. I don’t want to get into how we’re targeting that market and what the product attributes are at this point but we do intend to build product for the 09 timeframe in that market segment.
Michael Chu – JP Morgan: Could you provide us a sense of maybe the size of that market that you’re specifically addressing, the high speed portion of the industry?
Michael A. Bradley: We think that if you have, let’s take the last few years of market break down, let’s see it’s close to $1.5 billion in the overall memory space, that includes everything, flash, etc. We think this is about a third of that overall market or would be a third of that market when we intersect it.
Operator: Your next question is from Patrick Ho – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.
Patrick Ho – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Just following up on that question about the high speed memory market, in terms of the revenue growth opportunities I can see the rationale for the entry into that market, can you just give your take on what the profitability levels will be like given how competitive that marketplace is about to become?
Michael A. Bradley: That is very, very hard to call. Greg, do you want to talk about how we might model that?
Gregory R. Beecher: When you go into a new adjacency you do need to go with a product that has differentiation. If we go with the [ME] II product it would be brutal. We believe our product has very distinctive advantages that we are getting validated with key customers so if you accept that we have a product that is not a ME II we would expect this to look like SOC test. In the past the memory market has been highly profitable for largely one dominant supplier, the buy rate has actually been higher there too. I think what could happen over time is more competition. The buy rate could come down a little bit but I would expect the margins would like they are in SOC test.
Michael A. Bradley: As we get closer to that we’ll try to give you better guidance. I know you have to try to build a model here on this, that’s the best we can say at this point.
Patrick Ho – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: The gross margins for the overall company obviously held up pretty well, can you just comment on the type of platform leveraging you’re getting with the new products? How much commonality, how much of the supply sourcing are you getting and is that a big contributor to the overall margin profile going forward?
Michael A. Bradley: Let me just comment on the engineering side of it, one of the ways that we’re reducing our engineering have been and continue to do is through a much heavier reuse model than we’ve had in the past. We’re now at the point where we’ve got a flex product line and a 750 product line at very, very high volumes in both spaces. As you look at our product line architecture roadmap a big piece of our productivity improvements there come from the reuse of technology components, generation to generation.
Operator: Your next question is from Krish Sankar – Banc of America Securities.
 Krish Sankar – Banc of America Securities: I have a question on your mid-cycle assumption; you said 80% of that was coming from semi, what is your assumption for the memory dollar contribution? I remember next test used to be the high teens mid cycle revenue, are you doing the same thing or is it different this time around?
Michael A. Bradley: For the flash memory as we said in our last call our game plan was to get that to $100 million or $25 million a quarter run rate.
Krish Sankar – Banc of America Securities: In terms of R&D are there any duplications going on in terms of R&D, i.e., like you have an excess product and you’re trying to work on a Teradyne based memory product too or are you just focused on just one product at this point?
Michael A. Bradley: No, there’s very little duplication. When we combine with next test the obvious thing in this space is if you have a lot of overlap you both have to squeeze the overlap out from a cost standpoint and then rationalize the products for customers. So next test had very little overlap since they were predominantly driving into the memory space. Now going forward we’re clear about where we’re headed with the memory product line and that is that next test is expanding in what I’ll call the flash or low speed applications and on the high speed end that would be a product for next year and that’s built off the flex product line. But there’s no contention there, there’s no debate.
Krish Sankar – Banc of America Securities: If I look at your September guidance and look at your long term operating model would you see $45 million in 15% operating margin? It seems like at that target model you need to probably have like a $120 million in OpEx and it seems like you’re already there. So is it fair given everything that’s going forward to reach the target model is more top line driven, new products than the gross margin outside?
Gregory R. Beecher: I’m going to say yes with one exception. On the OpEx if we were at model we’d pay out more in profit sharing and variable compensation so we need to take some more costs out of OpEx so that when we’re at model our OpEx numbers add up to about $118 million. So we will do that. All your other assumptions are accurate.
Krish Sankar – Banc of America Securities: Do you have a number for the market size for HDTV testing?
Michael A. Bradley: For that subset segment?
Krish Sankar – Banc of America Securities: Yes, or is it lumped into a bigger bucket?
Michael A. Bradley: It’s really into the consumer space. We think about what instrumentation we have for that space but no, don’t have the size for it.
Operator: Your next question is from Steven Pelayo – HSBC.
Steven Pelayo – HSBC: Could you just quantify, you said next test the run rate goal is to get to $100 million, $14 million this quarter, flattish to down, is this year looking like more of half that rate for 2008? Is that the right way to look at that?
Gregory R. Beecher: At the moment, if you look at the prior quarter, they were up higher than the $14 million, but they’re at $18 million last quarter on a full quarter basis so there’s no doubt that significant growth is needed in flash to get them up to that $100 million run rate but there’s a big [ham] and there’s plenty of opportunities for them to expand into probe.
Michael A. Bradley: I think one of the things that is mixing in that is that we’re talking in this sentence about memory and next test is combined has some SOC business so, Steve, I don’t whether we’re confusing you on that.
Steven Pelayo – HSBC: Greg, just a quick question for you, I noticed your 10-Q last quarter you are doing 37% gross margins in service again. That’s a level we haven’t seen in quite a long time. Is that the new run rate you’re looking at?
Gregory R. Beecher: No, we’re going to do better than that. We’re going to be in the 40s.
Steven Pelayo – HSBC: By what timeframe?
Gregory R. Beecher: How about second quarter?
Operator: Your next question is from Jeff Richards – Piper Jaffray.
Jeff Richards – Piper Jaffray: I was hoping you could talk a little bit about capacity utilization, SOC and on the flash side. Where do you see that currently, where do you see it trending over the next couple of quarters?
Michael A. Bradley: Don’t know over the next couple of quarters but the trending has been up a few points. We’ve said in the past we’re operating 80% to 90%. We’ve been in that tunnel here for many, many quarters. That’s notched up a couple of points, two to three points over the last two quarters and the science of this isn’t perfect, there’s not a meter on every system but the indicators we get are consistent with the discussions with customers and they are doing everything possible to squeeze out the capacity because of the uncertainty in the markets that they are serving. I don’t actually have capacity utilization numbers on the flash side, we’re going to try to get those over the next couple of quarters but right now we don’t have the same picture on that front. I do know it’s high by the way, that that capacity utilization in our equipment remains quite high.
Jeff Richards – Piper Jaffray: Back on the DDR trade market it looks like the Halum, the new architecture out of Intel, has been pulled forward in terms of release, will that accelerate the transition to DDR or do you still have to wait for the tear away platform in Q1 of next year?
Tom Newman: We’re gated by the next tier in that food chain so we’ve got a list of customers we’re working with and we’re going to do our best to try to meet their ramp plans for DDR III but that’s what we’re focused on as opposed to the more macro issue at Intel.
Jeff Richards – Piper Jaffray: Let me try it this way, your expectation is for DDR III to start to move into production in a meaningful way in Q1 still?
Michael A. Bradley: For the market.
Tom Newman: For the market, correct.
Jeff Richards – Piper Jaffray: Didn’t know, no curvation in that over the last couple of months or weeks?
Michael A. Bradley: Not on our end, no.
Operator: Your final question is a follow up question from Timothy Arcuri – Citigroup.
Timothy Arcuri – Citigroup: I’m just sitting here looking at your model and I’m looking at you spending roughly 40% of your revenue on OpEx and I was looking at [inaudible] spends about the same amount. So we have the two biggest SOC companies spending about 40% of their revenue on OpEx in they’re semi-test business. As you look sustainably at the business that doesn’t seem like a sustainable number in terms of OpEx. Do you think that there is still another round of realization that all the companies in the industry have to go through that maybe the market opportunities in that as big as what the industry thinks and that it’s not sustainable to run at 40% of your revenues for OpEx and it’s not like we’re in a huge downturn right now. Yes, it’s a downturn but your business has been reasonably okay and yet you’re still spending 40% of your revenue on OpEx.
Gregory R. Beecher: A large percentage of our engineering spending, very significant piece, is to get into new markets, it’s not trying to grind out more share in SOC tests. So that’s a very significant portion of our operating expenses in R&D. Stepping back further from your point, I do think depending upon what the market size ultimately ends up to be down the road it is certainly possible that there is too much spending. I wouldn’t say that today but that is a concern I think all companies have and it really ties back to what is the market size.
Michael A. Bradley: And I think the consolidation moves that are underway are reflective of that, that the spend rate to cover the amount of the market that can give you a decent bottom line return drives a very significant variety of R&D projects in this space and the companies in the market are moving and have been moving over the last few years towards being the general purpose suppliers where that R&D is high or into niche suppliers where they try to contain it and narrow it and just go after a subset of market. But I think as you see these consolidation moves that’s an obvious signal that the table stakes are very, very high in this market.
Timothy Arcuri – Citigroup: Mike, I’m just thinking about most other sizable markets and it just seems to have the two biggest players in SOC spending that much of their revenue on OpEx suggests that yes, there have been some small M&A deals but it suggests that there has to be even more going forward because it doesn’t seem to me to be a sustainable model where folks can make money when there’s two big companies spending that much on OpEx. That was my point.
Michael A. Bradley: Yes, that’s a good point.
Timothy Arcuri – Citigroup: Greg, when do you think that you’ll switch to your long term tax rate? Do you think taxes are going to jump up to the 20% to 30% next year?
Gregory R. Beecher: I think Q1 2009 we’d likely be using the long term tax rate.
Operator: There are not further questions at this time. 
Tom Newman: I think that we’re fine and thank everybody for participating. We’ll see you next quarter.
Michael A. Bradley: Thanks everybody.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Newman – Vice President, Corporate Relations Mike Bradley – Chief Executive Officer Greg Beecher – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Tim Arcuri – Citigroup  Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer & Co Christopher Blansett – JP Morgan Patrick Ho – Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc Steven Pelayo – HSBC Thomas Diffely – Merrill Lynch CJ Muse – Lehman Brothers Seth Raj – Cowen and Company Jeff Richards – Piper Jaffray 
Operator: Welcome everyone to the quarter one 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator instructions) Mr. Newman, you may begin your conference. 
Tom Newman:  Welcome to our discussion of Teradyne’s most recent financial results. I’m joined this morning by our Chief Executive Officer, Mike Bradley; and our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks, we’ll provide you details of our performance for the first quarter 2008 as well as our outlook for the second quarter. First however I’d like to address some administrative issues. The press release containing our most recent financial results was sent out by a business wire yesterday evening. Copies are available on our website or by calling Teradyne’s corporate relations office at 978-370-2221. This call is being simultaneously webcast over our website at www.teradyne.com. Note that during this call, we will be providing some slides on our website that will summarize and reinforce some of the highlights.  They may be helpful to you in following the discussion. To view them simply access the investor portion of our site and click on live webcast followed by click here for webcast. In addition replays of this call will be available starting around noon today eastern time. The phone replay number in the US and Canada is 800-642-1687. Outside the US and Canada, the number is 706-645-9291. The passcode for both numbers is 43456405. A web replay is also will also be available you’ll find it by going to www.teradyne.com and clicking on investors. The replays will be available along with the slides through May 7.  The matters that we discuss today may include forward looking statements about events or the future financial performance of the company. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results can differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Some of those risks and certainties are detailed in our press release and our filings with the SEC. Additionally those forward-looking statements including guidance are made as of today and we do not take any obligation to update them. Investors should note that only Mike Bradley, Greg Beecher and I are authorized to provide company guidance. During today’s call we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We have posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures including a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure were available on our website. To view them, go to the investor portion of our website and click on the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation link.  Also you may want to note that between now and our next conference call, Teradyne will be participating in the Merrill Lynch tech conference in New York on May 6 – 8. the Credit Suisse first Boston Conference in Boston on May 13th, the Freedman Billings, Ramsey Conference in New York on May 28, 29th, the conference, the Collin 20/20 TNT conference in New York on May 28 – 30th, the Oppenheimer Tech Conference in Boston on June 3rd and 4th, a luncheon in New York on June 19th hosted by Erick May and luncheon in Boston on June 25th again hosted by Erick May.  Now let’s get on with the rest of the agenda. First our CEO and president, Mike Bradley will review the state of the company and the industry in the quarter of 2008 and will provide guidance for the second quarter 2008. Then our Vice President Treasurer and CFO, Greg Beecher will provide more details in our financial performance in the quarter. And on our guidance for Q2 2008, we will then answer your questions. For scheduling purposes you should note that we intend to end this call after 1 hour, Mike.
Mike Bradley:  I’d like to cover three topics as we kick off the discussion today. First, a description of what’s behind our increased revenue guidance in Q2, second what’s the status of the new product penetration in the market and third how much headway we have made on the drive to model profitability that we outlined in our January Call. On the revenue guidance we’re off to a very promising start to the year lead by strength in SOC tests where total bookings were up 9% sequentially, with SOC system orders up 14% over the fourth quarter. Our memory test business also posted solid results in its first quarter as part of Teradyne.  And despite continued slowness in commercial board test and automotive test, we’re raising our revenue guidance in Q2 to the $310 million to $330 million range. We’re very please with our momentum and the SOC test this past quarter, despite a cautious buying environment, led by exceptional demand and wireless applications coupled with strong microcontroller and power management buying we posted flex orders in excess of 120 units as well as our highest J750 demand in the last year and a half. So both of those products are in full stride as we move into this second quarter. This year will cross the 2000-unit mark in flex systems and also break through 3000 units on the J750. So we got a very strong one-two punch going. I’d add that we had some important competitive wins in the quarter in addition to socket wins and image sensors motor controllers and consumer storage applications we had 2 platform decisions in our favor from customers in the automotive and Asics spaces.  There’s no top line impact from those two platform selections today, but they should make a contribution to our revenues later this year. It’s important to note that many of our design wins this quarter were from existing product. So I feel good about the competitive landscape and our chances for continued market share gains this year. Let me elaborate a bit on our wireless demand situation. Two things are happening here. First we’ve seen very strong ordering for our existing wireless solutions on the flex. This is what’s called our Gen4, generation 4 instrument. There are over 350 of those RF systems installed worldwide and we saw sizable added demand for that product this past quarter, driven by cellular transfer and Bluetooth applications. In addition our new 5th generation offering, the ultra wave 12-gigahertz subsystems saw orders for ultra wide band, higher frequency and higher port count applications. You’ll recall in last quarter’s conference all that we were optimistic that this product would generate a lot of interest due to its frequency headroom and port expandability and that’s certainly been the case so far.  So we’ve actually got strong demand for both wireless products and that’s what behind our momentum in that segment. I also mentioned last quarter that the ultra wave product was part of a set of five new products that we were projecting to deliver $150 - $200 million in new business in calendar 2008. About a third of which would be into new customer applications.  The story on that front so far is quite positive. We added a number of new installs for our newest image sensor test product the IP250EX. And expanded our customer base for the J750EX and micro controllers. Our new LCD tested was endorsed by a major Taiwan LCD driver, player with first units installed. And our new high-density ultra flex and related instrumentation had some significant ordering in Asia. So we’re off to a very good start on the new product pipeline. And I therefore reiterate my projections for business from those new products this year.  And we had a 60/40 split in specifier to OSAT business this past quarter which specifiers that’s the fabulous companies and IDM’s accounting for the 60%. That’s moved from 70/30 in the fourth quarter so the OSATs drove our growth with their third highest bookings in the last 8 quarters.  The memory story was also solid with strong demand for our magnum product in our major Asian customers. Our goal is to grow the magnum business by 35% plus this year and our business in this first quarter puts us on course to do that. Although demand in the memory sector is very, very unpredictable at this juncture, even more so than in SOC.  As you know the value proposition the magnum product is very economical test of flash memory devices. The majority of our applications are now on final test but we hope to extend it to wafer tests during this year and into 2009. So we feel that this ambitious growth projection for this year is within reach. I should add that we’re pleased with the integration of next steps of the company our field organization’s consolidated and our engineering teams are collaborating well. As I mentioned before the magnum product and the engineering and support teams behind it are first class. So we’re making sure that we give our memory team solid backing with our customers and with the product development efforts.  Our system test product demand was mixed with continued strong demand in Air Force, Marine and commercial airline test sectors. Commercial board tests remain soft and automotive tests had its typical first quarter low demand level.  The profile in these businesses remains lumpy as orders are multi year program driven. But we continue to make some key investments for future growth within the most promising sectors. Finally the drive to model profitability which we outlined last quarter is on track. Greg will give you the details on this but the short form is that one we remain committed to achieving a 15% model profit level as we exit the year and two we’re doing much of the work in the first half of the year to ensure that we meet that goal. I’ll let Greg flush that out for you further in his comments.  The bottom line then is that we’re off to a very good start to the year. We’ve got strong new product momentum, a solid start in memory tests and early progress on the financial model. All of this sets the year up very well so far. Now let me turn things over to Greg.
Greg Beecher:  I would like to start off by providing an update about products acheiveing model profitability by year-end which we outlined in our last call. I’ll then discuss first quarter results and highlights which include next tests from January 24 to the end of the quarter. Lastly I’ll provide some details on our second quarter guidance.  In our last conference call, we discussed a major element of our plan to achieve 15% operating profit by year-end. For quick clarification, this 15% target excludes the next test purchase accounting amortization and any special items such as restructuring costs. It is also mid cycle versus trying to call the cycle at the end of 2008.  So what’s the progress report in getting to this average 15% model by year-end as we enter the second quarter? The short answer is that we are on our plan. First on lowering our break-even level by about $20 a quarter to get us back to the same break-even level of about $250 million a quarter before the addition of next test. We’re about half way there. As you will recall, there are further break-even reductions from moving the flex family to our outsource manufacturing partner in China that come in largely in the second half of the year of 2008.  It’s important to highlight that we will be unique in having board assembly through [fund integration] test all in one site for the flex family giving us advantages in logistics and oversight costs responsiveness and less in transit inventory. Last year we completed the move of flex on schedule while maintaining the same high quality through some very good work by our operations team. The final leg of moving ultra flex to China should be completed by the end of the third quarter. On our overall break-even target there will also be some further improvements in operating expenses that are scattered across the company with no large standouts.  Underneath the covers though I do want to highlight that the semi test engineering spending is expected to be lowered from the recent run rate not only from the completion of a flurry of new products that are now fielded and at customer sites which Mike has talked about but also from a sort of engineering productivity initiatives that have shortened product development cycle times established future technology building blocks that can be carried forward and efficiently leveraged and also accelerate the ability to write software test programs and convert programs to multi site test. Later in 2008, to free up engineering talent and dollars to drop to the bottom line and to attack additional adjacent markets, so in short we on offense both in our SOC test core market and investing in near adjacencies at a rate much higher than at any point in our recent past. We’ll talk more about the adjacencies that we are currently funding as they find their way to customers. The other key contributors in getting to model come from new SOC test products and magnum’s growth in flash memory tests. I am quite please to report that we are off to a good start on both. Starting though with flash memory test, on a full quarter stand-alone basis, it was about $20 million in flash memory test revenue in the first quarter; our 15% target is counting on about $25 million a quarter from flash memory tests by year-end. This is up from about $18 million a quarter in the average of 2007.  We believe this growth can largely by accomplished with a new higher speed version of magnum. This higher speed version opens up a larger addressable market. This higher speed version is currently in qualification at several customers and should start to contribute revenue it the second half of 2008.  On the SOC test front, you may have noted that some recent press releases highlighted and important recent endorsement in LCD driver testing which is one of the major addition that we were investing in 2008. And another very key share gain with flex for automotive testing. As Mike has talked about the semi test new product strength momentum I won’t comment any further.  Our system test group is currently in a lull with strengthening expected as we get further into 2008 from new program buying and automotive tests and the return to more normal levels of demand in our in circuit test business. Now to the first quarter financial highlights. Sales were $297 million up 14% from the fourth quarter which includes $21 million from next test while earning per share totaled $0.12 on a non-GAAP basis and $0.01 on a GAAP basis. Moving to gross margins, non-GAAP gross margins were 47.7% of sales up from 45.3% in the fourth quarter due primarily to higher volume and favorable product mix. Our R&D expenses were $55 million or 18.5% of sales compared to $50 or 19.4% of sales in the fourth quarter. Next tests added $2.3 million to our R&D spending, the balance of it change was from higher variable employee compensation and some investments in an adjacent markets. SG&A expenses were $65.2 million or 21.9% of sales as compared to $60.8 million or 23.4% of sales in the fourth quarter. Next tests added $5.5 million of SG&A spending. SG&A cost reductions in the quarter exceeded the otherwise quarterly increase in variable compensation. Our net interest an other income was $5.1 million down from $8.1 million on the fourth quarter due primarily to lower cash balances as a result of the next test acquisition.  We had $4.1 million of income tax expense in the quarter. Our quarter ending headcount was approximately 3700 employees. In the first quarter, semiconductor test sales were 83% of the total and the system tests group was 17%. On a geographic basis our first quarter sales broke down as follows, Asia, 57%, US, 20%, Japan 10%, Europe 8%, rest of world, 5%. Our book to bill ratios for the first quarter are adjusting for a full quarter of next test results were 1.05 for the overall company, 1.06 for semiconductor tests, and .96 for the system test group. At the end of the quarter our backlog stood at $374 million of which 82% is scheduled to ship within the next six months. On a geographic basis, our bookings for the quarter were distributed as follows, Asia 61%, US, 18%, Europe 11%, Japan 9% and rest of world 1%. Now moving to the balance sheet. We ended the first quarter with cash and market securities of $441 million since last quarter we used $280 million of net cash to acquire next test and $39 million of cash to repurchase approximately $3.3 million of our shares at an average price of $11.83.  As we speak our remaining share by back authorization totals $349 million. In the first quarter, capital additions net of sales of related capital equipment were $21 million primarily for additions connected with new products. Depreciation and amortization for the first quarter was $29 million including $5 million of stock based compensation $4 million of accelerated depreciation for real estate and $3 million for the next test and tangible amortization. Accounts receivables stood at $202 million or 62 days sales outstanding an improvement of 4 days over the prior quarter. We end the quarter with product inventory or $104 million, an increase of $21 million from the fourth quarter due to the next test acquisition.  Sales for second quarter are expected to be between $310 and $330 million. This excludes about $3 million of deferred revenue from next tests that would otherwise be recognized but for the purchase accounting rules. Earnings per share for the second quarter on a non-GAAP basis are expected to be between $0.14 and $0.19 and on a GAAP basis between $0.07 and $0.12.  The differences between non-GAAP and GAAP EPS are the exclusion of amortization of acquired tangibles and special items primarily restructuring costs and accelerated depreciation. I would like to very quickly reconcile how we go from Q1 reported non GAAP EPS of $0.12 to a second quarter range of $0.14 to $0.19 on a sales increase of $13 to $33 million.  Normally our earnings per share would increase by more than we are guiding to on this sales increase. However though please note that included in this increase is a full quarter of next test sales so we add another $10 million in for next test. And after accounting for the loss interest and profits form next test it’s neutral to our EPS. The other EPS improvements in the quarter are from our normal drop through and break-even improvements.  Now turning to the P & L details. We expect gross margins to be between 47 and 48%. R&D and SG&A should run between 17% and 18%, and 20% and 21% respectively. For 2008, tax rate should be applied to our non GAAP results is expected to be about 17% our longer term tax rate remains at about 28% to 30%. Our share account is approximately $172 million as we close the quarter and for diluted EPS, we would estimate about 175 million shares for the second quarter. Now I’ll turn the call back over to Tom.
Tom Newman:  We’d like to open the call to questions
Operator:  (Operator instructions). Our first question comes from Timothy Arcuri - Citi.
Tim Arcuri - Citigroup:  First of all with respect to the longer-term model, have you fixed on what a revenue level might look like for that 15% out margin by the end of the year? I think you were talking about $340 million is that still the right number that you’re thinking about?
Mike Bradley:  I would use $245 million for that model.
Tim Arcuri - Citigroup:  $245. And then there was kind of been some discussion about there being a fall off in the business that next test later on this year do you think that this is kind of a quarter while business is good out of the gate do you think that it then becomes a head wind as you move into the back half of the year?
Mike Bradley:  Tim it’s hard to call that, the visibility on memory for us is actually a bit tougher than in SOC there are projections about softness in the second half. The thing we’re trying to do is to get some new product trials the momentum on those going so that we would have some help in the second half of the core NAND business does soften.
Tim Arcuri - Citigroup:  Is the pick up in bookings in the semi test business is program specific and does it all relate to the fact that it seems like last year there was a lot of extension of the installed based so there wasn’t a lot of upgrade activity last year so is there are customers going in and specifically upgrading their platforms because they didn’t do it last year or is it more broad based?
Mike Bradley:  Tough question I don’t actually have handy here how much upgrade business there is. It doesn’t strike me that there’s a very dramatic difference between last year at this time and this year with regard to augmenting existing platforms. I think the thing that stands out a bit for us in this past quarter is we’re starting to harvest some of the individual socket efforts that have been going on and that continue to go on as we try to broaden the flex applications. But in addition to that there is some platform decision making that’s going down. Now as I said in my comments that isn’t’ contributing to the top line yet but you know I don’t think its got, there’s nothing aside from momentum around socket, grinding it out socket work. 
Tim Arcuri - Citigroup:  So you think its Teradyne specific.
Mike Bradley:  Well it’s hard to be totally Teradyne specific. When I think about hat I’d say there are in this total space of $2.5 to $3 billion we look at almost I think between 25 and 30 segments in any one of those segments we’ve got anywhere from 0 share or single digits of share to 60% or even 70% share so most of the segments that we’re in if those move we probably get a $1 in the market the other suppliers get a couple of dollars worth of growth. so I think you, it would be hard to say it’s totally us but we do have some pretty good market share in socket design and momentum.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer.
Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer & Co:  First question is just a kind of high-level simple question on $150 to $200 million in new product business in 2008. Given your guidance Q2 and what you did in Q1 how much of that have we seen already?
Mike Bradley:  Gary let me tell you what our plan is and then I’ll just tell you whether we’re on plan or off plan. I think you can try and get a little light on it. That $150 to $200 would be a break down between a third of that in the first half of the year and 2/3 in the second half. Okay, it isn’t linear obviously as you get new products they go in; in single units then as they move to production you get multiples. So we’re on plan for achieving that trajectory this year.
Gary Hsueh - Oppenheimer & Co:  Just looking at book to bill and normally kind of don’t look at ratios but can’t help but notice that in Q1 as well as Q4 we’re running meaningfully above parody book to bill and if I look historically just back in the last 2 years whenever you run above a book to bill of 1 you tend to kind of come back down to earth the next quarter. Is anything structurally changed in terms of lead times in your business where we’re running out of sustainable higher book to bill over the last 2 quarters?
Mike Bradley:  Yes, these last two quarters have more service bookings in them than you’d otherwise expect. Normally we have a very large service booking in Q4 some of those booking allow ended up coming into the first quarter. So I think that is different from perhaps the other periods you might be referring to.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Christopher Blansett - J.P. Morgan
Christopher Blansett - JP Morgan:  Along the lines of the question of broad based demand, how did utilization rates on your SOC business trend during the quarter?
Mike Bradley:  Chris they’ve been pretty steady, 80% plus over the last 2 plus years they’ve tended to be I don’t think they’ve been more than a couple of months where we’ve seen in our own installed basic kick down a little bit below that. But they’ve been very steady 80% to 90% and I think that’s indicative of how our customers are managing their capacity now is that they are able to operate with these short lead times from us and from other suppliers. So they can manage the utilization pretty well.
Christopher Blansett - JP Morgan:  So do you think that just in general we’ve had such a low investment rate for such a long time we’re kind of have support level here in general?
Mike Bradley:  Well let’s see the level of business right now in SOC is operating at about $600 million a quarter market so that translates into if it stays at this level it’s a 2.5 a little bit less that $2.5 billion. So I think there’s an argument that’s a little bit softer than some would be expecting so it feels like that’s a sustainable level. Certainly it is for us through this next quarter which is as far out as our visibility goes.
Christopher Blansett - JP Morgan:  Now when you think about you’ve indicated there areas of strength particularly wireless you mentioned. Are there areas of weakness that were offsetting these or is it too difficult to parse that out?
Mike Bradley:  Let’s see, the ups and downs the strong pieces for us in the very short term in the last quarter in RF power management, micro controllers a lot of other things were about at parody to what they were in the fourth quarter. So it’s been a case where there have been fewer weak segments base then was down a little bit for us. Going forward in this next quarter we think that wireless stays strong power management I think is going to stay pretty steady for us and we would expect a little more strength in automotive and the very short term picture is base band could be stronger for us. In terms of weakness probably micro controllers get a little bit weaker here in the, the lenses and the lead time on our visibility would say micro controllers gets short term softer than it was in Q1 because it was a very strong Q1.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus.
Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus & Company:  Your performance the past few quarter obviously have been very good and the appears very company specific what do you see in terms of the overall SOC industry trends, what are customers telling you because are you obviously some of it appears to be market share gains but what’s the overall business like in the industry as a whole?
Mike Bradley:  Well, two things, one I mentioned before it’s so fast turn that the amount of conversation about trends is a lot lower than it would have been a couple of years ago. The one thing we do see as a consistent trend is utilization is just constantly reiterated as a major issue for our customers both sub counts and IDM’s.  In as such, they’re trying to stretch their test platform products across as wide a portion of the landscape as they can get. Now in some subsets they go more specific for example LCD space, micro controller space, image sensor space and some automotive applications they have been willing to move to a more dedicated solutions dedicated platforms.  But I think the trend of utilization just pushes everybody in the direction to try to put as many sockets onto a platform as possible.
Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus & Company:  In terms of gross margins, is the swing factor for gross margins in the near term just some of the integration efforts you’re trying to do or is higher volume still the biggest contributing factor to gross margins over the next few quarters?
Greg Beecher:  The contributors to gross margins looking forward are really two fold. One is completing the movement of ultra flex to China that will get us a little less than 1 point in gross margin. The other is this set of new products should also enable us to get healthier margins. Those are the two-principle component of getting us to our 50% gross margin target.
Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus & Company:  Probably longer term looking out going forward over the next few years the integration of next test, you’ve done a good job transitioning your test manufacturing to China for your SOC products, what are your initial plans for Magnum and I guess the manufacturing process of that product line.
Greg Beecher:  Initially we have no plans to move Magnum offshore over some period of time we’ll look at that if that makes sense. What we’re most focused on is getting the new products out to existing customers and 99% of our energy is going into growing the business and making sure the products come out on time. We’re less focused on the cost aspect of lowering manufacturing and they do have a relatively low manufacturing cost.  We have though that some of the commodities they buy we also buy. And we’re able to immediately get lower prices for them and some these it’s a couple million dollars a year savings for them in terms of what goes into their cost of goods sold. So where it makes sense we are using the muscle of Teradyne but we’re not disrupting the plan they have.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Steven Pelayo - HSBC.
Steven Pelayo - HSBC:  Mike last quarter you mentioned that you though the SOC market was still was likely to grow about 10% this year. Do you still stand by them? You said more cautious demand environment and unpredictable behavior; you still think that 10% is good.
Mike Bradley:  Steve I have to look back at my comments to see how much I couched but last year was a $2.4 billion market it’s running at that rate right now so obviously if it stays flat we don’t get the 10%. I think was I was trying to do was share with you that the overall movement of the CapEx rate would argue that it would notch up a little bit this year. But quite honestly we’re not making plans here that depend on that we’re trying to drive this model and our market share momentum so that we’re able to get to model profitability independent of what the market’s going to do.
Steven Pelayo - HSBC:  I think Greg made a comment about the 15% being 1/10 of the mid cycle so you do believe you can exceed that if revenues go above $345 million or so and if that $340 million is mid cycle to you there are multiple ports out there where you can exceed that $350 in this kind of environment?
Greg Beecher:  I firmly believe that is the case. We have modeled each of the businesses and it would not take significant growth to go beyond $345. We are gaining market share in our core businesses and as you know the wild card in some of this is what is the market size that we’re starting from. But if I use normal market sizes from history and haircut provide a buffer we can get there. If my haircut from history is not enough then obviously that raises another set of issues.
Steven Pelayo - HSBC:  Greg you spoke about where you get the incremental 200 basis points or so in the gross margin line. It looks like you’re guidance is for about 10% operating margin here or so it’d be about 300 basis points coming up from the operating expenses. Do you actually need the revenue growth to get to that or the absolute dollar amount of OpEx? Where do you think that tracks over the next couple quarters? Will it go down?
Greg Beecher:  On OpEx over time it’s going to go down particularly in the latter part of the year in engineering. And what what happens in OpEx is as we improve our profit rates we put more profit sharing in those lines. So we have a set of actions all teed up that will take place that will get us to I think we’ve talked in the last call operating expense is about $118 million so we want to get to that level we have a plan to do that if you looked at the numbers right now you’d say gees you guys are pretty close to that at $120 but those numbers don’t have the full profit sharing that would be in there if we were at model. So we have a bigger task than just getting 2 million out and we have plans to do that.
Steven Pelayo - HSBC:  Your 2008 expectations for depreciation and amortization in CapEx?
Greg Beecher:  We may do that offline with you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Tom Diffely - Merrill Lynch.
Tom Diffely - Merrill Lynch:  You talked about the [onset] players leading a bunch of the upside in the first quarter, do you see some of the trends in the third quarter or what kind of visibility do you have between the OSATs and the IDM’s current business levels?
Mike Bradley:  Tom I don’t have that handy my guess is that it is likely to be pretty close to that in the second quarter. I can look at that separately, I didn’t do that in anticipation of us.
Tom Diffely - Merrill Lynch:  But in general do you see a different level of visibility between those two customer types?
Mike Bradley:  No. No our lead times go by product they span anywhere from five to 8 weeks. Obviously we talk to customers and try to move their horizon out so we can understand what their sense of the market is but they’re pretty similar between IDM’s the [fabulous] companies and the OSATs one thing does happen and that there’s always a bit more cloudiness in the OSAT side because their negotiating for business with the specifiers so you have to weed out how much double dipping, double counting that might be out there.
Tom Diffely - Merrill Lynch:  Would you say though that if there is an upside surprise at some point typically it comes form the OSAT players just from a policy point of view?
Mike Bradley:  Probably because when this kind of spot market demand that usually and utilization is high they usually get called upon to stretch and they would come back harder and faster to us.
Tom Diffely - Merrill Lynch:  When you look at the wafer test potential for your Magnum, does that require new tools or is it just the higher speed into that market?
Mike Bradley:  We only have in the next test memory business a magnum business I think it’s under 5% of our business is wafer tests side of things so the new product and the higher speeds there would allow us to address multi chip packages so combinations of DRAM and NAND and that would give us a entrée into this the wafer short side of the business. So it’s the higher speed capability that does that, there’s nothing other than that that holds us back that’s been a limitation in terms of breaking into that segment of the business.
Operator:  Our next question comes from CJ Muse - Lehman Brothers.
CJ Muse - Lehman Brothers:  Based on the commentary that you made on the SOC industry it appears that the strength you’re seeing is entirely market share gain so I was hoping you could highlight maybe what segments this is coming from and where you might be taking share from.
Mike Bradley:  Let’s see CJ it’s always quite broad the segments that have been moving share for us gradually over the last few quarters there have been consumer applications Asia based consumer applications, the microcontroller business some of that coming from Japan has been segment for gains for us and in power management and base band we’ve also made some headway in those segments. There isn’t a specific, it’s not a one trick pony in terms of where we’re able to gain share and because they come socket by socket they tend to be sprinkled around. Those would be the major ones those.
CJ Muse - Lehman Brothers:  Your new ultra wave product, how important was that in terms of the strength in wireless booking in Q1? And then I guess thinking out through 2008, given I would think things are a little bit more strategic investments and less torrent is your visibility here better?
Mike Bradley:  I’ll answer your first one the ultra wave we as I said in the opening comments the 4th generation product there was very, very strong and that’s based upon design in work that took place during the course of ’07 so they’re really capacity wise there, so that outweighed the ultra wave the 5th generation 12 gigahertz product. But we had business from multiple unit business in the quarter it’s fanning out but it’s a high multiple between the gen 4 and the gen 5 on a unit basis over this last quarter. Give me the second question again.
CJ Muse - Lehman Brothers:  I would think that perhaps that the ultra wave would be maybe a little bit more in terms of a strategic investment and that your visibility there might be better than your other products?
Mike Bradley:  Yes, because we’re very hand to glove with customers who are doing the design in work there. So your question was how?
CJ Muse - Lehman Brothers:  I guess the visibility there in terms of part of that $60 plus million of gains you foresee in 2008 how much of that will come from this 5th generation product?
Mike Bradley:  We’re actually not going to decompose that. It’s a significant piece I should say our RF, our wireless share is very strong so a big piece of what we do with ultra wave will be to build on top of what we have with our existing customers but it will be a piece of that $45 to $60 million of new business and it’s not an inconsiderable piece of that but for competitive purposes we’re not going to break that down. We may next year at this time give some greater clarity as to how that breaks down but at this point we’re going to hold back on it.
CJ Muse - Lehman Brothers:  I don’t know if you break this out but can you tell us what the semi test service revenues were in Q1?
Mike Bradley:  About 20% I think but let’s see what is the exact number? Why don’t we loop back to that and insert it. Do you have it there? Here it comes; you have $45 million total services.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Raj Seth - Cowen and Company.
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company:  Mike you were talking in the past about sort of socket to socket battles for share takes up a while I’m curious are there any over the next 18 months large chunks of share up for grabs and specifically I’m wondering about what’s going on in the microprocessor space. I’ve heard there’s potential shift in strategy and maybe ultimately platform at the largest I’m not sure how of all this thinking is, there but I recall last time when this particular customer shifted to an Asian supplier I don’t even think you bid on that. I’m just curious about what’s going on there and if there’s a potential opportunity for you at either of the two large microprocessor suppliers?
Mike Bradley:  Raj I have to decline commenting it’s so obvious who those players are. We don’t have any business to speak of in the MPU side of their business we always stay on touch on that as a valuations take place. Obviously if they are seriously looking for alternatives we’re in the game on those. Outside that space it’s pretty hard to accumulate more than fractional points on platform or socket wins. We have had a couple of platform decisions this past quarter but again those were the portions of a point of share but we hope to make those annuities for multiple years because when platform decisions are made versus tactical socket decisions you do get greater security with it but on the MPU side, I’ll just hold my comments to what I said.
Raj Seth - Cowen and Company:  Can you comment about whether or not there are platforms up for grabs on the MPU side or is that in itself too soon?
Mike Bradley:  I will say that there is some evaluation activity going on but I can’t say whether that’s leading to something or not but there’s some evaluation work that is going on and ones that are truly serious evaluations we’re obviously would try to participate in those.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Jeff Richards - Piper Jaffray.
Jeff Richards - Piper Jaffray:  On utilization rates on tech 4 and the industry how did that trend in Q1 from Q4 and how is that looking to you in Q2?
Mike Bradley:  It doesn’t really look very different Q4 to Q1 for us. It’s you know if it moved it’s only moved a point or two in utilization so we’re in the age of 90 vamp.
Jeff Richards - Piper Jaffray:  Okay and then what’s on utiliation in Q2?
Mike Bradley:  Hard to project that. The industry projections say that utilization is moving up. And we watch that as something as a leading indicator but you know we think we can catch up for that anyway with the shortness of lead times that we’ve got with the products so if it does tighten up, we’ve got the ability to expand our shipments and to meet that.
Jeff Richards - Piper Jaffray:  You talk about customers wanting to drive utilization on the tester and you need to add more resources more functionality onto the tester but wouldn’t be used in any given test. How do you balance the cost of tests with the need to increase the utilization of the platform with the cost of the platform? Could you talk a little bit about how you build flexibility or whatever into the system in order to accommodate a lower overall cost attached?
Mike Bradley:  Well the main thing have done with this product is to make it it’s called the universal slot architecture which means you can mix and match a lot of different options in the product. Having said that customers really do take different approaches to it. Some customers for examples will take our micro flex product which is a smaller test head fewer slot configuration and they’ll pack that full and use that for a subset of their devices the same time they’ll take a portion of the higher end products with more slot count and they’ll put the more flexible mix of instruments and then they’ll go for more of a high parallel test configuration.  So the architecture tries to lend itself to either of those two tastes and the customers really are the ones who are determining how those configurations take place. What you tend to see is in large install basis you tend to see a diversification where they’ll put more dedicated configs in place along with some general purpose one where as if you have a small install base they’ll tend to be more general purpose.
Jeff Richards - Piper Jaffray:  On you mentioned that the power management side of your business is strong is that a market share gain and can you give a little more color on what sorts of kind of management devices you’re testing?
Mike Bradley: Gradually it’s been a market share gain in the power management segments are tied into the mobile devices so they tend to be things that are obviously better management devices in the cell phone and PDA space. 
Jeff Richards - Piper Jaffray:  So primarily low voltage low current?
Mike Bradley:  Yes.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Steven Pelayo - HSBC.
Steven Pelayo - HSBC:  Just some clarification, you mentioned service was about $45 million was that a revenue or booking number in the quarter?
Mike Bradley:  That was a revenue. 
Steven Pelayo - HSBC:  Now that’s down significantly quarter over quarter if that were the case then I would apply the.
Greg Beecher:  Right but it was semi test I think the question was semi test.
Mike Bradley:  No he asked total.
Greg Beecher:  So what was total service then? 
Mike Bradley:  Hang on sorry to stumble on this we got it here somewhere. 
Steven Pelayo - HSBC:  That’s okay and then my other question would be if rather than exclude this next step amortization in your P&L really trying to think about a more kind of cash basis. You have some targets on operating cash flow or free cash flow with a percentage of revenue? Something like that?
Mike Bradley:  You got service at $64 million 
Steven Pelayo - HSBC:  $64 million compared to last quarter.
Mike Bradley:  $64 million versus $62 last quarter in service revenues so you were right we were just giving SOC. 
Steven Pelayo - HSBC:  And do you have a target there for operating cash flow or cash flow as a percentage of revenue something I can think of cash flow targets.
Greg Beecher:  As a percent of revenue it would be probably 17%.
Steven Pelayo - HSBC:  It looks like the way you’re depreciation and amortization increases here it would probably be more in the 20’s I would have though. 
Greg Beecher:  When you do the cash flow I’m doing it after capital additions you’re doing it before.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Christopher Blansett - JP Morgan. 
Christopher Blansett - JP Morgan:  How should we think about the growth of the NAND flash test business if you look at the units for NAND to date for just the first two months they’re up something like 38% year over year is there some way we could look at NAND unit growth and kind of correlate that to next tests system sales?
Mike Bradley:  Chris we’re working on the same thing to track, to do that, it’s very tough in this space because of the very dramatic growth rates in bit and in units and the offsetting growth that being done in parallelism and throughput and different test techniques on it. And don’t have a lot to offer you in correlation on those numbers at this point. As we do that work we’ll share that with you in subsequent calls.
Operator:  And there are no further questions at this time. 
Mike Bradley:  We want to thank everybody for participating and we’ll see you next quarter.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Newman - VP of Corporate Relations Mike Bradley - President and CEO Greg Beecher - VP, CFO and Treasurer
Analysts: Chris Blansett - JP Morgan David Egan - Lehman Brothers Dave Duley - Merriman Patrick Ho - Stifel Nicolaus Steven Pelayo - HSBC Kate Kotlarsky - Goldman Sachs Tom Diffely - Merrill Lynch Mehdi Hosseini - FBR Vis Vellore - Credit Suisse
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Teradyne Fourth Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Mr. Newman, you may begin your conference.
Tom Newman: Thank you, Kate. Good morning everyone, and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I am joined this morning by our Chief Executive Officer, Mike Bradley; and our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks, we'll provide you with details of our performance for the fourth quarter of 2007 and for our 2007 fiscal year, as well as our outlook for the first quarter of 2008. First, however, I would like to address some administrative issues. The press release containing our most recent financial results was sent out by Business Wire yesterday evening. In addition, a joint press release from Teradyne and Nextest Systems Corporation was issued today before the market opened regarding the closure of Teradyne's tender offer for the shares of Nextest. Both press releases are available on our website or by calling Teradyne's Corporate Relations office at 978-370-2221. This call is being simultaneously webcast over our website at www.teradyne.com. Note that during this call we are providing some slides on our website that will summarize and reinforce some of the highlights. They may be helpful to you in following the discussion. To view them, simply access the Investor portion of our site and click on the "Live Webcast," followed by "Click Here for Webcast." In addition, replays of this call will be available starting around noon today Eastern Time. Our phone replay number in the US and Canada is 800-642-1687. Outside the US and Canada the number is 706-645-9291. The passcode for both numbers is 30479782. A web replay will also be available. You'll find it by going to www.teradyne.com and clicking on "Investors." The replays will be available along with the slides through the 7th of February. The matters that we discuss today may include forward-looking statements about events or future performance of the company. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Some of those risks and uncertainties are detailed in our press release and our filings with the SEC. Additionally, those forward-looking statements, including guidance, are made as of today, and we do not take any obligation to update them. Investors should note that only Mike Bradley, Greg Beecher and I are authorized to provide company guidance. During today's call we will make some reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We have posted additional information concerning these non-GAAP financial measures, including a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure available on our website. To view them, go to the Investor portion of our website and click on the "GAAP to non-GAAP Reconciliation" link. Also, you may want to note that between now and our next conference call, Teradyne will be participating in Oppenheimer-sponsored lunch in New York on January 30, the CIBC or Oppenheimer Tech Conference in Vail, Colorado on February 21 and 22, and the Goldman Sachs Tech Conference in Las Vegas, Nevada on February 26 and 28. Now, let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First, our CEO, Mike Bradley, will review the state of the company and the industry in the fourth quarter 2007 and for our fiscal year 2007, and will provide guidance for Q1 of 2008. Then our Vice President, Treasurer and CFO, Greg Beecher, will provide more details of our financial performance for the fourth quarter, for our fiscal year, and on our guidance for Q1 of 2008. We will then answer your questions. For scheduling purposes, you should note that we intend to end this call after one hour. Mike?
Mike Bradley: Thank you, Tom. Good morning, everyone. I would like to cover three things with you today. First, a summary of 2007, including a progress report on the important initiatives undertaken this past year. This will, of course, include results from this most recent quarter. Second, a preview of some new products that have begun shipping and what our expectations for those products are in 2008. And third, an outline of how the Nextest acquisition, when coupled with the final stage of our manufacturing transfers to Asia and other cost and productivity gains, will improve our overall financial structure this coming year. As I'm sure you've read this morning, we completed our tender offer for Nextest share at midnight last night, signifying that we had more than 90% ownership of the outstanding shares. I’d like to officially welcome any Nextest employees and customers to this morning's call. Our non-GAAP guidance, therefore, for the first quarter of 2008, which includes Nextest, is for sales to be between $285 million and $305 million, with diluted earnings per share between $0.09 and $0.13. I'm going to leave the specific Q4 and Q1 details to Greg. But despite an overall lackluster market in the fourth quarter with system orders down in both our semi test and system test businesses, we're raising the midpoint of our first quarter revenue guidance $10 million from our fourth quarter revenue level. That's before the addition of revenue from Nextest. Now, while it's only a modest increase, nonetheless it reflects some short-term SOC test demand patterns that warrant such a move. It's too early to say much more than that, but it's a favorable development from the intensive design and work we've been doing during this last six months, when capacity-driven demand has been soft. Now, our overall results in 2007 are better than we had in a similarly sized market two years ago. But, our mid-cycle results still need to improve by 4 to 5 points. I'll talk more on how we're going to make significant progress on that front in a minute. It's important to note then in that same two-year period our topline has outperformed the overall market. In 2006, the SOC market grew 22% and we grew revenues 34%. And this past year, when the market declined 24%, our sales fell 19%. The net of all this is a share gain of almost 5 points over that two-year period, higher than anyone else in the space. I know you hear from various sources every quarter about share shifts, and it's a subject that we obviously watch very carefully. But you have to have a broader reference than one quarter or one sale or one socket design, and to keep an objective view. We're very pleased with this momentum despite intense competition in all of our markets. The share gains in 2007 came as we had a record year in FLEX system bookings with over 500 units sold. We've made headway this past year in a variety of segments like baseband, automotive, digital TV and power management ICs. We've also got strong positions in wireless, image sensors and microcontrollers. With over 1,600 FLEX systems and over 2,600 J750 systems sold, we've got a very solid installed base around the globe, with approximately 75% of our test systems in Asia. This brings me to my second point, what's happening in the new product front and how I expect that to factor into this coming year? We have five major new products rolling out this year. Four of the five are installed with customers now, although only one has contributed to our revenue and share growth in 2007. That one is the next-generation version of the J750 for microcontrollers. It's called the J750Ex. The next product is a new image processing tester. The third one is a J750-based system for LCD driver test. Fourth is a smaller, high-density version of the UltraFLEX. And fifth is a major new 12 gigahertz RF subsystem for the UltraFLEX, called Epsilon. This last product represents an important differentiated capability for the high growth wireless market segment, where we have a strong position. And it will be sold with new systems as well as an add-on to our installed base of UltraFLEX systems. As I said, we have installations at key customers with three other system level products, as well as with the Epsilon subsystem. And all five of these new products will ramp through this year. As all these products ramp, we are estimating that they will contribute $150 million to $200 million in revenue this year. Now, some of these sales will strengthen existing positions in the market, but others will enable us to go after new sockets or entirely new customers. I expect about a third of that dollar total to represent new share gain, and the rest to represent maintenance of our existing share positions. In total, 2008 will be a significant year for this pipeline of new offerings into the SOC market. Finally, our acquisition of Nextest is significant in two ways. First is the obvious thrust into memory test, where we believe the Magnum product and the design team behind it offer a very flexible and low-cost approach for flash memory testing. We plan to back their efforts with some design talent of our own, as well as to supplement the local applications engineering workforce close to their customers. Our bid is that by doing this we can accelerate the Magnum product growth over the next few years. Secondly, during this year, we'll be able to reduce some of our own spending that's been earmarked for this space. When you couple those savings with the roll-off in R&D from the new product launches, our FLEX manufacturing transfers to China, plus a set of smaller moves, we expect to be able to make further substantial progress on our non-GAAP operating breakeven this year, hitting our model profit level by year-end. Greg will take you through those numbers in a minute. So the starting chapter on 2008 is very good market share momentum in the last two years in SOC test, a broad set of new products to keep that momentum going, an innovative system for Nextest and flash memory test that can grow faster with our backing, and finally, steady gains in our financial model. Now, let me turn things over to Greg for a more in-depth financial perspective.
Greg Beecher: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Before I provide an update on our financial results and outlook, I'd like to first join Mike in expressing how pleased we are with the results of the Nextest tender offer. As described in our release earlier this morning, we acquired over 90% of Nextest outstanding shares in the tender that closed last night. We'll promptly acquire the remaining shares using a short-form merger. The Nextest Magnum product will be a very important part of our growth plan. We expect the acquisition to be slightly dilutive in 2008 on a GAAP basis, and slightly accretive in 2008 on a non-GAAP basis; that is, after excluding the impacts from purchase accounting. Back to the financial highlights, our fourth quarter sales of $260.4 million were down 13% from the prior quarter. Earnings from continuing operations totaled $0.10 on a GAAP basis and $0.09 on a non-GAAP basis, both of which benefited about $0.02 from tax true-ups. For the full year, our sales totaled approximately $1.1 billion, and our earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.39 on a GAAP basis and $0.45 on a non-GAAP basis. For comparative purposes, our 2006 sales were approximately $1.4 billion, and our earnings per share from continuing operations was $1.06 on a GAAP basis and $0.90 on a non-GAAP basis. The single biggest factor to our 2007 results versus 2006 was the expected cyclical SOC test market falloff from $3.4 billion in 2006 to about $2.6 billion in 2007. As Mike commented, our SOC test business declined 19% in 2007, while the overall SOC test market declined 24%. So, our falloff was less than the overall market, and that was due to our 2007 SOC test share gains. Now, while our SOC test operating profit has improved by about 10 points from two years ago when the market was of a similar size, we are about 5 points short of our 15% over the cycle operating model as we end 2007. We intend to achieve operating profits of 15% by the end of 2008 through the following steps. First, we will lower our quarterly non-GAAP operating breakeven levels by about $20 million or more per quarter, by year-end. I'll explain this in a minute. Second, we will be introducing a new set of products that Mike talked about in 2008 that should contribute $150 million to $200 million in sales, of which a third is targeted at new socket wins. And third, we plan in growing the Magnum flash memory test sales from about $70 million to about $100 million per year. Some details on the breakeven reductions. First, the planned 2008 operating breakeven reductions are quite significant and will affect all lines in our P&L. We have very detailed plans throughout the company to achieve these gains. Let me start with gross margins. We'll complete our manufacturing transfers to China by the third quarter spot on schedule with what we described in the past. This means that essentially all of our FLEX and J750 products will be produced in an integrated line at Flextronics, in Suzhou, China. The line starts with board assembly and ends at final configuration and test. We will be unique in having this end-to-end capability in one low-cost outsource site. Our 2008 new product offerings will also improve gross margins. In R&D, the improvements will come from a reduced run rate of new product investments, stemming from the five products that Mike outlined, and of course, from the synergies from the acquisition of Nextest. In SG&A, the improvements come from a lot of actions such as lower insurance costs, lower real estate costs, less IT spending, and others. To summarize, between now and the end of the year, we expect to lower our non-GAAP operating breakeven level by $20 million or more per quarter from these initiatives. Of course, combining Nextest with Teradyne brings our breakeven level up by a similar amount. So the very positive net effect is the formation and establishment of our flash memory test business into our P&L with no increases in our operating breakeven by year-end. So what does this all mean to our model? Well, with Nextest, and excluding purchase accounting adjustments, our model would be for gross margins of 50%, operating expenses of 35%, and PBIT of 15%. As we've described previously, this PBIT figure includes stock-based compensation expenses. This overall model is generally consistent with our long-term model that we've talked about in the past. The bottomline is we're planning on increasing our average profit rate of about 10% to about 15% by the end of 2008. Now, let me take you through some of the details of the fourth quarter, and then our guidance for the first quarter of 2008, which will include Nextest from January 24 through the end of the quarter. Our fourth quarter gross margin percentage was 45.5% of sales, down from 48.2% in the prior quarter, due primarily to lower volume and less favorable product mix. R&D expenses were $50.4 million or 19.4% of sales, compared to $52.2 million or 17.4% of sales in the third quarter, due primarily to lower variable compensation. SG&A expenses were $62.2 million or 23.9% of sales, as compared to $62.9 million or 21% of sales in the third quarter, also due to lower variable compensation. Our net interest income was $8.7 million, up from $7.7 million in the prior quarter. We had $2.2 million of income tax benefits in the quarter, due primarily to foreign and state tax true-ups. Our quarterly ending headcount was approximately 3,600 employees. In the fourth quarter, semiconductor sales were 80% of the total, and system test group was 20%. On a geographic basis, our fourth quarter sales broke down as follows; US 24%; Europe 10%; Japan 13%; rest of Asia 48%; rest of the world 5%. Our book-to-bill ratios for the fourth quarter were 1.08 for the overall company, 1.06 for semiconductor test, and 1.18 for the system test group. The semiconductor test product bookings of $164 million were down 11% from the prior quarter, while the semiconductor service bookings of 56% were up 76% from the prior quarter. At the end of the quarter, our backlog stood at $339 million of which 81% is scheduled to shift within the next six months. On a geographic basis, our bookings for the quarter were distributed as follows; US 27%; Europe 15%; Japan 12%; rest of Asia 46%; and rest of the world 0%. Now, moving to balance sheet, we ended the fourth quarter with cash and marketable securities of $743 million. During the quarter, we authorized another $400 million stock buyback program. Against this new authorization, we used $11 million of cash in the quarter to repurchase approximately 1 million shares at an average price of $11.66. Our buying was stopped during the quarter due to the Nextest acquisition discussions. In the fourth quarter, capital additions net of sales of related capital equipment was $15 million. Depreciation and amortization for the fourth quarter was $20 million. This includes $3.8 million of stock-based compensation. Accounts receivable stood at $190 million or 66 days of sales outstanding, an improvement of 5 days over the prior quarter. We ended the quarter with product inventory of $80 million, down $12 million from the last quarter. Our first quarter guidance includes Nextest results from today through the end of the quarter. In the first quarter of 2008, as Mike mentioned, we expect non-GAAP sales between $285 million and $305 million, with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share between $0.09 and $0.13. Note that this non-GAAP guidance excludes the purchase accounting adjustments, such as the elimination of deferred revenue that would otherwise be recognizable in the first quarter, but for, the purchase accounting rules, the amortization of acquired identifiable intangibles, any inventory step-up or a possible in-process R&D charge. Lastly, it also excludes some modest restructuring charges. Turning to the P&L details, we expect non-GAAP gross margins to be about 47%, plus or minus 0.5%. R&D and SG&A will be up slightly due to the Nextest acquisition and should run between 18% and 19% and between 21% and 23% respectively. Our tax rate is expected to be about 17% in 2008, slightly higher than previously mentioned due to the impact of Nextest. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Tom. 
Tom Newman: Kate, we'd like to take questions now.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Chris Blansett from JP Morgan.
Chris Blansett: Hi, guys.
Mike Bradley: Good morning.
Operator: Mr. Blansett, your line is open. I'll move on to the next question, one moment please. Your next question is from David Egan from Lehman Brothers
David Egan: Thanks for all the details today, and congratulations on getting that deal done so quickly. I guess the first question, I guess the one that I am working through based upon what you guided to in the talks about in terms of your model, and I just want to make sure that I understood this. So you are saying that your existing business right now, if I make this assumption that your average revenues were around $275 million over cycle, you add $25 million Nextest, $50 million to $60 million from the new products, that get you to, let's just say, $350 million revenues on average. Is that about right? Is that how we should be thinking about this?
Greg Beecher: That's very close. We use $340 million, but you are close enough.
David Egan: Okay. And then given those numbers that OpEx then would be something like $120 million to $122.5 million, is that what you're targeting?
Greg Beecher: A little less, we will be targeting closer to about $118 million.
David Egan: $118 million, okay. So you're thinking, I didn't do this then, but that your EPS is going to be something like, well, over $1, maybe $1.10 is what you think the normalized number is?
Greg Beecher: The normalized number would be $1 or just over a $1. So you got that right.
David Egan: Okay. Now, getting into some of the new products, If you were to break it down and talk about the new products that you are looking at, how much is going to come from the microcontroller and the LCD driver, and how much of it's coming from the high density UltraFLEX in the Epsilon?
Mike Bradley: Dave, we are not breaking that down at this point. Obviously, the LCD product is brand new into a new market. The other is a complimentary in the spaces that we currently are. But we're estimating a lot of this depending on how big the overall market is. So our estimate is we can get, as I said, $150 million to $200 million in those. But we're not, at this point, going to break those down. As we go through the year and we get some resolution on that, we may start to give some disclosure around the velocity in each one of the products.
David Egan: I guess the color that I was looking for is would it be fair to say that the UltraFLEX and the Epsilon is more towards the existing market in defending share, maybe trying to get a little bit what the other ones are, say, like the LCD driver is new virgin territory?
Mike Bradley: Right. I'd put a spectrum. And at one end of the spectrum would be total Greenfield, and you'll put the LCD driver at that end. At the other end of the spectrum actually I would put the image sensor product, because that product is where we have the highest market share. I'd put the others in the middle because they will, obviously a big piece on the wireless and on microcontrollers is holding what we have. But there's enough differentiation on new performance that we think there will be some offensive players with those product as well. The reason I put that all into one batch of saying we think about a third to that total amount will be market share shifts, was to try to give some estimate on what might move here on the new socket side.
David Egan: Okay. And in terms of that market size, the $150 million to $200 million in the one-third, how of that depends upon the market being better in 2008 than it was in 2007?
Greg Beecher: All of this is a bit of a crystal ball at this point. The way we thought about this is to say that the market would be a little bit better next year, 5% to 10% better in total. Not that it would be exploding and that the new products aren't going to be depending that much on overall market rebound. So we're doing it in the context of, I'll say, a sub $3 billion market.
David Egan: Okay. Very good. One last question and then I'll go away. The strength that you're seeing right now, it didn't show up in your orders for 4Q, so that's something you're seeing right now, is that correct? And is that primarily related to a couple of wireless customers or is that beyond that?
Mike Bradley: Well, it was a lackluster Q4 on the system side. It's just that the early demand as we enter the year has picked up. It's quite broad if you thought about segments. We're expecting some strength in RF and automotive and some other consumer applications, like hard disk drive. So it sprinkles. It's so broad; there is no single thing that's going to push it.
David Egan: Thank you.
Mike Bradley: Yes.
Operator: Your next question is from Dave Duley from Merriman.
Dave Duley: Yes, good morning. Could you talk a little bit about the new product front? What's going on with this new Epsilon product? Did you say that it was already out in beta? And is this the product that should be able to test or converge our FSOC products, that will show very rapid growth in the RF segment?
Mike Bradley: Right. Dave, this is a subsystem product. So this goes into existing installed systems as well as into new ones, including this high density system in the UltraFLEX line that we're also going to have this year. We've got the reason it's called Epsilon, it's a fifth generation product. So we've got a very solid share position now in the RF space. This is obviously to try to make sure that we keep that, and then expand the footprint going forward. Its real calling card, is that it's obviously got a much wider frequency range than our current products or some of the others that are in the market right now. But under the covers, there are some very interesting architectural elements to it. This is what we call the universal "can" capability. So it's everything is full performance on every pin of the option. So you don't have to make trade-offs and configure your system in order to get very high parallelism as well as to get high performance. I could wax on this for a while, but that's the bottomline. It's a much more powerful, frequency flexibility, and therefore, across the test product than we have and that we think others are offering at this point.
Dave Duley: So if I heard that, then any pin can test RF or more traditional stuff at any time. So it's completely configurable pin-by-pin.
Mike Bradley: It's just that the different ports require different capabilities, and you don't have to make any kind of careful trade-offs as to how you configure the system. Think of it as universal pin RF capability.
Dave Duley: Okay. And if sure there is a new segment in the RF market besides your traditional RF market that's very high end converged testing that this product line can address.
Mike Bradley: Yeah. We have been testing a lot of those parts already with our fourth generation. But this is a-step up in performance, and it will handle both more complex parts that have all of this variety of ports, but it will also configure in a way that does that with the maximum parallel. We think there's going to be a real difference in what people can do in multi device testing.
Dave Duley: Okay. On your guidance statements, and you mentioned it earlier, but I just wanted you to maybe elaborate a little bit more, talk about what is the direction of the core business, and then what is kind of being added by Next in your guidance statements on revenue?
Greg Beecher: Okay. This is Greg. The core business, as Mike mentioned, before is up about $10 million this past quarter. We were at $260 in the fourth quarter. And the core business by itself has gotten us to the midpoint of our guidance, without Nextest, it would be $270. So there's $10 million there. Nextest were adding in $25 million, and that's from January 24 forward. Instantly, the Nextest business this quarter, if I could, the entire calendar quarter, which we cannot count because we didn't own, have controlled them prior to January 24, we were looking closer to about $30, maybe a little bit more than $30 million this quarter. So they're off to a strong start.
Dave Duley: Okay. And when I look at that core business guidance of $10 million sequentially, and I think you mentioned your semi test bookings were down 11%, which is about the same number on the downside, is the confidence of increasing your core business guidance driven by the other test businesses or will you be shipping more from backlog in you semi test, or how should we look at that?
Mike Bradley: What's driving the very slide uptick here, is some very short-term demand that we're seeing in the SOC space. The other businesses are stable.
Greg Beecher: So it would be turns business in the quarter.
Dave Duley: Okay. I guess the final thing from me is, does this appear to you that your, I guess it was just your December or your March, which is not that much difference in revenues for you as the size of your company, does this appear that this is a bottom or will we see a bottom in June?
Mike Bradley: It's too hard to tell, sorry. I'm not being evasive, but the caution in the world in our customer base is very tight. The utilization effort to keep utilization really, really tight has been obvious throughout 2007. And we've got behind us a whole what all of you know an overall consumer market. So it's a very uncertain environment.
Dave Duley: Okay. I promise this will be my final one. With that kind of uncertainty out there, and the macroeconomic issues that everyone is chatting about, with the current environment getting a little bit worse, do the guiding statements reflect that kind of very cautiousness from your customers?
Mike Bradley: Right. It's all mixed into this. And really, I think the only thing you should take away from this is that as we enter 2008, is that we've got some indications that are very close end, and some indications that customers want a bit more than they've wanted over the last six months. We're responding to the demand timeframes rather than trying to manage anything in terms of curvature of shipments.
Dave Duley: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Patrick Ho from Stifel Nicolaus.
Patrick Ho: Thanks a lot. Mike, if you could follow-up a little in terms of your discussion in the semi test outlook. Do you believe this is a customer-specific market base or is it related to the share gains you mentioned during your official presentation?
Mike Bradley: You mean what's happening right now?
Patrick Ho: Yes.
Mike Bradley: Well, a month does not, a trend may. So, I think what we are seeing is this is more a function of some pretty hard designing work we've been doing over the last six to nine months. And I'm frankly having trouble reading anymore into it than that. Obviously, you always have some customer trends that your customers are moving, the others don't. That's why this issue of how share shifts really has to be looked at on a longer term. So I think it's much more specific around some sockets. And since we work on lots of sockets at the same time, there is enough going on there that's moving this up.
Patrick Ho: Great. In terms of the Nextest acquisition, you've been working on obviously, other memory applications within Teradyne itself before the acquisition. How does the Nextest acquisition, impact some of your other memory development work that you have done? Are you going to be integrating some of that or are you going to be, divesting yourself from that, given that now you have a solid memory, or at least on the flash memory side you have a solid tester on that front?
Mike Bradley: Well, the first thing we're doing is twofold. One is Nextest was very attractive to us because of the unique architecture of that product, both in performance and cost, and in the team that's behind it. It's a very interesting flexible architecture, and a very capable fast moving team. So that was what was interesting on that front. That made it possible for us to take our flash memory long-term investments, and shift that into their basket, not ours. Now what we do on other memory fronts, we still have other work and other investments going on there. And that's, frankly, one of the things we've got to carry with us as we move to model this year, is to be able to keep those investments going so we can expand even further in the memory space. That's not something you're going to see in the 2008, but it will be beyond that time. But I think we've got a pretty clean approach here with Nextest driving the flash memory side of equation for us.
Patrick Ho: Thank you. And a final question for Greg. In terms of your cash flow generation projection for the year post the Nextest acquisition, will this allow you to continue the buyback programs that you're being quite aggressive with, at least, in the past year or so?
Greg Beecher: The answer is generally, yes, but at a more modest level. After the Nextest acquisition, we'll have $443 million of cash. I have mentioned in the past that we can operate as low as $300 million. We've also $350 million; $400 million might be about the right place to be. So there is a little bit of room to buy more Teradyne stock back. Obviously, we'll generate cash throughout the year. So I think with the cash we generate we would be looking to buy Teradyne stock. And maybe some of the cash we have now, we also look to buy some Teradyne stock, obviously, dependent upon what the price is. But at the price it is today, it's very attractive to us.
Patrick Ho: Okay. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Your next question is from Steven Pelayo from HSBC.
Steven Pelayo: Mike, could you just help me think about the organic growth, I guess, the core SOC market with more market share gains and new products coming in. What were you thinking when you sized it and then when you sized the flash test market opportunity in '08?
Mike Bradley: Steve, you're asking what's happening with the market itself, total market?
Steven Pelayo: Correct.
Mike Bradley: Well, it's not a boom business here in SOC test. The market over the last three years has been fluctuated between the low point, which was this last year, about $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion and, let's say, $3.3 million or $3.4 million in '06, and '05 was a little bit in between those two. So, we've been modeling this around a market that's going to operate in the high 2s, not that's going to grow a tremendous amount out of that, except for what will be driven by unit growth and dollar growth in the semiconductor market. So, we've got pretty modest expectations about how that market is going to move on its own which is why we focus so much around the share gains. Our memory market has been much stronger, and it's got a higher buy rate, it's growing faster than the SOC test market. Obviously, two things going on there, bit growth especially in the flash memory market have been explosive, but on the other side, huge amounts of work to keep the cost of test down. But I think, overall, we'll see a bit more growth on that front, but it will be up and down over the next few years. But we have a relatively small footprint now with Nextest in that market. And so, there is a lot of upside for us to be able to expand in it. But again, we're not counting on the title uplift in the SOC market to make a huge difference in our plan. And our breakeven plan and our model profit plan this year is built around a market that is lower than 2006 and only slightly higher than 2007 is.
Steven Pelayo: Okay. And that actually brings my next question. You guys have this goal of 15% PBIT by the end of the year which implies a revenue level we've been talking about. When you think about the linearity of the year, do you think that's a steady growth or are you're really making it more of a second half to get to that revenue number to drive that 15% bottomline goal?
Greg Beecher: This is Greg. The 15% goal is at the end of the year. If we are at our average revenues, it will be 15%. If we're above our average revenues, it will be above 15%. If we're below, then we'll be below the 15%. So it's based upon average revenues as how we set the 15% model, so that in any point of time we could be above or below the 15% just simply depending upon what the revenues are in that particular quarter.
Steven Pelayo: Actually a goal for the model, not necessarily a goal for where you think the company is going to be at.
Greg Beecher: Yeah. We are not trying to intersect the point that says the revenue is at a peak and will hit 15% there. It's mid cycle revenue line. And therefore, this steady progress through the year on a breakeven time.
Mike Bradley: We're unable to call what the third or fourth quarter revenue levels would be. So instead, we model against average revenue levels. And our commitment would be that our profit rates in that fourth quarter would be at a rate that if we adjusted those revenues to average revenues, you would see we're at 15%.
Steven Pelayo: Last question really to you, Greg. When I think about the incremental margins, you guys got, I think, the revenue growth coming, you have some cost controls, you've got full quarter of Nextest going to be happening as we look beyond the first quarter. When I think about kind of the incremental gross margins in the first half of the year, versus the second half of the year maybe, system revenues were flat. I assume you're going to get the margins improvement. Could you try to probably think about that a bit?
Greg Beecher: Right. If revenues were flat, we would probably get 1.5 of margin improvements again in 2008 from a set of initiatives that are not tied to new customer wins.
Steven Pelayo: Okay. So this current quarter coming up here, you're talking about a 47% but that's not actually a full quarter of Nextest?
Greg Beecher: If Nextest was in for the full quarter, it would still be 47%.
Steven Pelayo: Okay and so roughly about a 1.5 from there? Okay.
Greg Beecher: Yeah.
Steven Pelayo: Thank you very much.
Greg Beecher: Sure.
Operator: Your next question is from Chris Blansett from JP Morgan.
Chris Blansett: Hi, guys. Can you hear me now?
Greg Beecher: Thanks, we can.
Mike Bradley: Yes.
Chris Blansett: I got a couple of housekeeping things here. What's your expected share count for the next quarter given the buybacks and how this is going to end up?
Mike Bradley: Well, the share count right now is $173 million. At end of next quarter, we're estimating $176 million. That does not include buyback. If we do buyback, then it's going to be adjusted.
Chris Blansett: All right. Now, I guess when you integrate Nextest into the business, how should we view this? You said before you're going to keep it as a separate entity, but would we expect some of the, I guess, more operational or common functions to start to be integrated into the two companies, or will it be held really as a separate entity the whole year?
Mike Bradley: The thing we're doing right out of the box, will be to integrate the customer-facing side of this. So we'll have very quickly, a sales distribution, applications engineering support. That will be the first thing that we do. Whether we do more, we're going to be much more careful on other steps. One thing our customers have voiced this, you know, just don't do anything that disrupts the lead times and availability. So if we do manufacturing transfers, that would be done very carefully in over a longer period of time. And on the engineering front, we're going to put a little bit more heavy hitting talent in were need if the Nextest team needs some additional engineering talent and that's probably in small numbers. We'd inject that into the play.
Chris Blansett: All right. Now, I guess determining how this is going to play out, do you have certain milestones to figure out when you make the decisions, is there certain revenue levels from Next? I'm trying to understand the long-term progression of how you expect the company to look in maybe two or three years?
Mike Bradley: Well, the thing we've done here, is to get some growth engines that are both inside the SOC space organically. That's what's behind the new products. That's what behind the close end adjacencies like LCD. So we expect some growth on that front, number one. Number two, we're expanding, this is really at a lower level, but it's a steady initiative around expanding some of our service offerings to customers to be able to provide them a more total solution in their socket solutions. And then, thirdly, the memory business and the growth behind the memory business, and we're going to try to accelerate that by putting some capability behind the product development that they've got.
Chris Blansett: All right. And then, lastly, when you think about levering up the balance sheet or, at least, the discussions that occurred in '07, how does the purchase of Nextest change this, maybe timing of this or delaying of this?
Greg Beecher: Well, we would at some point, look to investigate putting debt on the balance sheet and buying back stock, but we're not quite at that stage yet. The things that would move us faster there would be; one, being at our model profitability rate; two, having a tax rate that is higher than where it is now. Once those two things occur, then it's financially much more interesting for us to look at this alternative as it would help lower our cost of capital. So I think of something over the next, probably the end of the year, we'll be looking harder at other opportunities that make sense for us.
Chris Blansett: And then I got one real quick one, I've got to ask the quarterly utilization rate trends question.
Greg Beecher: Utilization moved down around November timeframe for us, and I think the market statistics on this so similar. So it nudged it down a little bit, still pretty tight, all in the 80s, high 80s. So it continues to be operated in our installed base at a very tight level, but it has moved down a bit during the course of the fourth quarter.
Chris Blansett: And any idea since we're kind of a good month end to it. You indicated you thought that some of your customers might want to buy more equipment but might be more cautious, are you seeing the utilization rates pick up a little bit?
Mike Bradley: I think that is too fine for us to be able to call. There is anticipation of new product and in the second quarter, I think, revenue. So I think they are anticipating tighter utilization at least in the products that we've got. But there is not a macro move here.
Chris Blansett: Okay. Thank you guys appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question is from Jim Covello from Goldman Sachs.
Kate Kotlarsky: Hi. This is Kate Kotlarsky for Jim Covello. I have a couple of questions. My first question is to the extent that we do see a macro slowdown in 2008; I was curious whether you have more flexibility in your expense line to reduce expenses further than what you had alluded to originally?
Greg Beecher: Okay. This is Greg. I did mention we plan to lower our quarterly operating breakeven by $20 million or more. So there is a more there. But for now, the target we have is $20 million and it might be a little bit higher.
Kate Kotlarsky: Okay. And just a follow-up question, obviously, you are very focused on maintaining profitability throughout the cycle. And I was curious here to the extent that you have certain share goals for 2008, if we do face a macro slowdown in your face with the decision of gaining unit shares, sacrificing your margin; I was curious where you would lean toward?
Greg Beecher: This is Greg again. Let me comment that. The new product wins we've achieved over the last two years have been very attractive standard margins because of the differentiation in our product. So, we have not been taking business at steep discounts. I know you may hear that, but that frankly is not what occurs. If you look at all the business, we've taken in the average margin it meets our model.
Kate Kotlarsky: Okay. And just a final housekeeping question. Previously, I talked about your tax rate moving up post 2008 to about 26% to 28%. Is that still the target or is it a little bit higher post Nextest?
Greg Beecher: Correct. It's a little bit higher post Nextest, probably safer to say 28% to 30% now.
Kate Kotlarsky: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from David Egan from Lehman Brothers.
David Egan: Guys, I have one follow-up question about the demand environment. In terms of NAND, clearly Nextest saw some very good business in the fourth calendar quarter. In our checks we're hearing about squishiness across a number of the different on NAND chipmakers in their demand. Do you see any weakness ahead and do you have any concerns about that?
Mike Bradley: Well, beyond what is in the short-term, Dave, I obviously can't say that. The short-term demand in Nextest looks pretty good. But beyond that, I think it's all in the same category here that we're in a very, very uncertain and volatile market. I think the trend line overall in the product offering here, there will still be good demand for the Nextest product because I think it really offers very, very good economics of test. And in addition, it has a very flexible architecture to adapt to what changing test requirements are. So I think it will do pretty well. But obviously, it's going to ride whatever the cycle is here. But I can't predict what's going to happen beyond what we see in the short-term.
David Egan: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Tom Diffely from Merrill Lynch.
Tom Diffely: Yeah. Good morning. Can you talk a little bit about the relative business trends or strength within the IDMs and the OSATs right now?
Mike Bradley: Yeah, Tom. Let me do that for you. Sorry, Tom, I've got a few papers in front of me. I'll give you the last couple of quarters because I think that gives you some indication of what's changing. We break it down by the way in terms of specifiers and OSATs. And I know it's done differently by different suppliers here, but we think about it as IDMs and fabless companies who specify into the OSAT. And over the last, let's say, three quarters, our business has gone, the specifiers have gone from 54% to 59% to 71%. So, obviously, what you see is a more much more of a slowdown in the OSATs as you break down that 100% of business.
Tom Diffely: Yeah
Mike Bradley: Now, if you go back far enough, you see that the OSATs have gone down as low as the low 20s for us. So they are in the high 20s right now. So it's not outside the trends that we've seen in the past. I think the other thing to open the time window a little bit wider,, in a down year, in '07, our overall bookings, as we said before the market went down X, we went down Y? Our overall bookings went down 11%. Our OSAT business in that same period went up 25%. So the OSATs resilience for us, the number of customers specifying into the OSATs for us has really kept that in a growth curve. So we've got a solid position in the OSATs, 75% of our business in Asia. So as they gain share and as we gain share with the specifiers, we are getting the flow through into the OSATs.
Tom Diffely: When you look at the recent uptick in business, has that trend changed at all? Is that 29% still look like a good number in the first quarter or is that starting to move back again?
Mike Bradley: I honestly haven't looked at what the breakdown is. We sort of look retrospectively at this rather than thinking that there is something happening with regard to OSAT versus specifiers.
Tom Diffely: Okay. And based on the potential volume discounts, is your margin structure changed at all between IDMs and OSATs?
Mike Bradley: No, there is no differentiation there. The IDM specify products into the OSATs, and the fabless companies specify. So it would be hard for us to have a different pricing structure when the decisions are driven by those companies. Obviously, high volume customers get leverage in size versus low volume customers.
Tom Diffely: Yes.
Mike Bradley: Beyond that there is no difference.
Tom Diffely: Okay. And then also with the slowdown in the fourth quarter, would you see your competitors get a little more aggressive on the pricing front with their tool?
Mike Bradley: Nothing out of the ordinary there. There are always some situational orders for that happening. Let me think. As some of the companies kind of reconfigure themselves, I'd say there's likely to be aggression to try to establish positions. The other thing I will say that we've seen, and I don't think this is out of the normal, is in the effort to establish some products that haven't been latching, that's where you see the most aggressive price moves competitively.
Tom Diffely: Okay. And then, finally, with the introduction of your CMOS image sensor program, does that mean you'll cancel the Nextest image sensor program?
Mike Bradley: That's a good question. Thanks for asking that. Nextest has got a modest SOC business. And that's the only place where there's a little bit overlap between what we do and they do. Image sensor is one space as they've been introducing an image sensor product to the market just as we combined with them. The message to their customer is we're not going to do disrupt those customers by abruptly doing anything. So, we're going to support the products that they've got. And if customers want those, we'll sell those. Obviously, we want overtime not to have redundancy in our R&D in spaces like that, but that will work itself out more gradually.
Tom Diffely: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Mehdi Hosseini from FBR.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes, guys. Can you hear me?
Mike Bradley: We can hear you Mehdi.
Mehdi Hosseini: Okay, great. I apologize. I jumped into the call late and got disconnected. Regarding your non-semi test, how would you see the Q1 momentum and then your overall impression or expectations for demand for 2008?
Mike Bradley: I'll take that one. The non-semi test business or system test group will start off the year at demand level similar to the fourth quarter, maybe up a slight amount. But we would expect as I go through the year, their volumes will increase as they are tied to various program buying at some accounts that they are the incumbents. So we would expect their lumpiness to continue, and that they will grow in the second half of the year.
Mehdi Hosseini: Given the fact that in the semi-test maybe we are in a secular trend, utilization rates may not drop by much even if we see further slowdown. Do you expect the non-semi test to be even more volatile or to have even less visibility than semi test?
Greg Beecher: On the order front, the systems test business is choppier, believe it or not, choppier than the semi test business just because it's program-driven. You get designed-in and you have a slug. But in terms of revenue, I think the revenue profile would be steadier because those program orders convert to slower and steadier deployment.
Mehdi Hosseini: Right. And the lead times for non-semi test are a lot shorter?
Mike Bradley: The system test group is met by three businesses. One business has very quick lead times, the in-circuit test. Then there is another that has very long because it's program buying. So it really is a mix. But you'd expect them to vary less than semi test. They may be 5%, 10%, but they're not going to vary the way semi test does.
Mehdi Hosseini: And one final one from me. I'm not sure if you provided any comment on this, but can you elaborate on the cost of structure or rather margin profile between the semi and non-semi test?
Greg Beecher: The semi test has a higher gross margin than the system test group. It's generally a point or two higher.
Mehdi Hosseini: Even with the new margin profile.
Greg Beecher: Yes.
Mehdi Hosseini: Okay. And semi test, gross margins obviously is higher than the corporate average, correct?
Greg Beecher: Yes. And the system test group spends less than R&D. So that's how these models all work back down to 15%.
Mehdi Hosseini: Thank you.
Tom Newman: Kate, we'll take the last question now.
Operator: The final question is from Satya Kumar from Credit Suisse
Vis Vellore: Hi, this is [Vis Vellore] for Satya. I have two questions. The first one is Nextest is kind of focused on the memory final test, but some of the memory companies have shifted their focus to probe. So can you give a broader overview on your memory strategy?
Mike Bradley: You're right. Nextest has a strong position on the flash final test arena. Architecturally their system is capable of extending into probe test. And that's the aspiration of the Nextest organization and product is to move in that direction. So there is no wall between final test and probe with regard to system capability. And we'll see how that plays out overtime as we together target to expand.
Vis Vellore: Okay. And the other thing, one of your North American competitors mentioned their focus away from the MPU market. And so I want to find out what kind of opportunity does this create for Teradyne, and if you can kind of size, any opportunity, or any timeframe, that would be great?
Mike Bradley: Well, I think that will shake out gradually. The de-focusing of a competitor on a space, obviously, opens up the potential. But any conversion there I think would be somewhat gradual as different suppliers get qualified. It does open up a bit of space for us and for others. But I can't say more about how that might develop until we get further into it.
Tom Newman: Kate, I think we're done. Thank everyone for their interest and participation, and we will talk to you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call and you may now disconnect. Thank you and have a great day.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-18 15:30:00) =====
Executives: Tom Newman - VP of Corporate Relations Michael A. Bradley - CEO and President Gregory R. Beecher - VP, CFO and Treasurer
Analysts: David Duley - Merriman Curhan Ford David Egan - Lehman Brothers, Inc. Christopher Blansett - JP Morgan Securities, Inc Nickolay Tishchenko - Global Crown Capital Mehdi Hosseini - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse First Boston Jim Covello - Goldman, Sachs & Company Tom Diffely - Merrill Lynch Stephen J. Balog - Cedar Creek Management Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup Steven Pelayo - HSBC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Anisa and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Teradyne Third Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Mr. Newman, you may begin your conference.
Tom Newman - Vice President of Corporate Relations: Thank you, Anisa. Good morning everyone and welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I am joined this morning by our Chief Executive Officer, Mike Bradley; and our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher. Following our opening remarks, we'll provide you with details of our performance for the third quarter 2007 and our outlook for the fourth quarter. First, however, I'd like to address some administrative issues. The press release containing our most recent financial result was sent out over Business Wire yesterday evening, it is available on our website or by calling Teradyne's corporate relations office at 978-370-2221. This call is being simultaneously webcast over our website at www.teradyne.com. Note that during this call, we are providing some slides on our website that will summarize and reinforce some of the highlights. They may be helpful to you in following the discussion. To view them simply access the Investor portion of our site and click on Live Webcast followed by Click Here for webcast. In addition replay to this call we will be available starting around noon today Eastern Time, these will be available along with the slides through the 1st of November. The matters that we discuss today may include forward-looking statements of our events or the future financial performance of the Company. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results can differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Some of those risks and uncertainties are detailed in our press release and our filings with the SEC. Additionally, those forward-looking statements including guidance are made as of today and we do not take any obligation to update them. Investor should note that only Mike Bradley, Greg Beecher and I are authorized to provide company guidance. During today's call we will make reference to non-GAAP financial measures. We have posted a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure on our website. To view them, go to the Investor portion of our website and click on the GAAP to non-GAAP Reconciliation link. Also you may want to note that between now and our conference call Teradyne will participate in the Credit Suisse Technology Conference in Phoenix on November 27th to 29th, the Lehman Brothers Global Technology Conference in San Francisco on December 5th to 7th, the San Green Securities Luncheon in Boston on December 10th and the San Green Securities Luncheon in New York on December 13th. Now, let's get down with the rest of the agenda. First, our CEO, Mike Bradley will review the status of the company and the industry in the third quarter of 2007 and will provide guidance for Q4. Then our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher will provide more detail on our financial performance for the third quarter and our guidance for Q4. We will then answer your questions. For scheduling purposes, you should note that we intend to end this call after one hour. Mike?
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Thanks Tom. Good morning everybody; thanks for joining us today. I'd like to cover three topics with you today. The first is what's behind the slowdown in SOC test orders these last few months, and are these recent events signaling a fundamental change in test demand and CapEx of the future? Second, what are the implications for our revenue projections and market share and third what progress are we making on new products and on our financial goals for the future. As always my comments on new product momentum, in those comments I want to elaborate on any unannounced new products until they are in use at customers. On the surface to slowdown in orders in Q3 was somewhat unusual as the SOC market normally runs about a six quarter up cycle after a trough. In this case, the market is seeing a pull back after only two quarters of recovery. In fact, the industry has had somewhat similar digestion pauses in the past, but they've tended to be muted as they have occurred across quarterly boundaries. The more central issue is that this year, the main driver of our industry, semiconductor growth, will be off significantly from the growth rates it's seen in recent years. In fact, 2007 SOC semiconductor revenue and unit growth rates will be lower this year than any periods since 2002. Revenue growth is forecasted to be only 4%, that's far lower than the 7% to 19% annual growth rates of last four years. And unit increases will be at a six-year low at approximately 7%, far off the 10% to 18% growth rates over the last five years. Combining that with uncertainty entering 2008 and you have a backend environment that is sensitive to over expansion is pressing utilization very, very hard and is expecting and getting for the most part very fast deliveries. All of this combines for continued climate of very, very short-term visibility. But the important question that underlies all of this is does the current set of events signal a more fundamental shift in semiconductor test demand going forward? My view is no. It's not likely that we are seeing a step function change in the tester demand trend line. Having said that, we are in a low growth market and for us requires continued share shifts and new market expansion to satisfy our overall growth objectives. But let me comment on what I see as the forces underlying this question of the overall market trajectory in growth rates. On one side of the debate is what I call the productivity camp. Central themes here are parallel test, high throughput architecture, small footprints, multi-use flexible systems and high up time. All of these compress the market for testers. But there is another camp or set of countervailing forces that push in the opposite direction; device unit growth, relentless integration of devices, system-in-package architectures and subtle fault mechanisms are exerting strong upward pressure for more testing. Even parallel test has a price, as system configurations require added cost to expand site counts. My view is that this irresistible force of productivity in the immovable object of complexity in unit growth move very gradually. You can look back at the list of productivity disruptors like CMOS, designed for test, built in self test, per-pin tester resources and so on to see the last generations of productivity enablers. And to conclude that they helped control the rate of tester growth, but did not have a step function impact. Having said all this, the rate of growth in the SOC tester space is in low single-digits as we've discussed before, whether that's 3% or 4% or even zero, we know that it won't yield sufficient growth to meet our aspirations. Hence our three-pronged strategy of gaining share, internal productivity initiatives and investment into adjacent markets where we can leverage our core technology. Now moving back to the current climate, there is another important issue for our investors. That is what's happening in market share right now. Put bluntly, is our 16% sequential drop in orders in semi fab indicating a loss of market share? The answer is no. For us, the facts are as follows: First, last year in an up cycle, we grew revenue 34% while the overall market grew 22%, so we gained share. This data of course is publicly available. Second, in the first six months of this year, the market declined 18% from the prior six months and we declined 11%. So we gained some more ground in the down cycle. And third, in 2006, we added about a $100 million in new design wins and we followed that up with about $16 million more so far this year. So we are in good standing in the last 18 months, where market data is available and our internal score card of new business. I know on many of these conference calls or discussion about potentially large share shifting events, these come infrequently and most of this terrain is made up of small socket wins that blossom over time. Hence our focus on fanning out the FLEX and 750 products into more parts of our customers technology centers and winning new socket opportunities. Now, three areas of success for us have come this year in power management, digital TV and baseband applications. In all three, our instrumentation portfolio combined with high parallelism have been the key differentiators. Looking forward, as I've said the tester demand environment remains cloudy. Despite high sustained utilization and backend equipment, we are in a short notice environment for orders. On this call last quarter, I commented on this and others in our sector reinforced it. And it was consistently voiced by customers in my meetings with them in Asia last month. As such, we are projecting a revenue range of between $250 million and $275 million for the fourth quarter and EPS of $0.04 to $0.10. Greg will elaborate on those numbers shortly. Now on the new product front, our J750 EX has taken hold in the microcontroller, FPGA and image sensor space. We have installations in all of these applications. So we expect to expend our 2500 plus installed base as customers drive on higher frequencies and lighter parallel test applications. Despite the down tick in unit sales of FLEX systems from the second quarter record, we did add over a 100 more FLEXs to our customer base. The UltraFLEX hit a new quarterly record driven by applications as diverse as smartphone components, MP3 players and digital SLR camera processors. Over 30% of our more than 300 FLEX systems sold in the last six months have been RF configurations. And we've added over 40 more RF upgrades to the installed base in that same time. So the presence we have in the RF space has been a main stay in this cycle. Now, on our systems test businesses, our bookings were up 18% led by strength in our Mil/Aero sector offsetting weaker demand in commercial board test and automotive diagnostics. We are specially pleased by recent decision by the Department of Defense to standardize air force avionics testing. There is a program called VDATS which stands for Versatile Depot Automated Test System. This test system will be based on Teradyne Instrumentation from our Systems Test Group. In total, revenue now for our Systems Test Group will be essentially flat from Q3 to Q4. Our migration of manufacturing to Asia is on schedule with no business interruptions and we continue to make progress on our business model. Greg will elaborate on these subjects as well in just a couple of minutes. Most important for the long-term is our commitment to invest in new market, product development. We have a larger piece of our R&D dedicated to this in 2007, at the same time we intend to deliver better over the cycle performance while these investments are made. So the bottom line is; one, we are in a challenging market climate due to a four and five-year low in semiconductor dollar and unit growth respectively in the SOC space. Two, customers are likely to continue operating in a very tight utilization environment. Three, we are continuing to expand the FLEX and 750 footprint and are optimistic about the increasing preference especially in OSATs for flexible, multi-use systems. And four, we'll continue to make headway in our business model at the same time that we invest in long-term growth initiatives. Let me turn it over now to Greg for more of the financial picture. Greg?
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Thanks Mike and good morning everyone. Our third quarter sales of $299 million were up 4% from the prior quarter, while our non-GAAP earnings per diluted share totaled $0.17. Our GAAP earnings per diluted share totaled $0.22 and included the gain from the sales the broadband test divisions and other smaller specials which are being detailed in our press release. Total bookings of $273 million were down 11% with semiconductor tests bookings down 16% and the System Test Group up 18%. Please note that going forward, we will report two segments; Semiconductor Test and our System Test Group. With the latter made up of Mil/Aero test, commercial board test and automotive test. Semi test buying in the quarter was broad-based with the top 10 customers making up 51% of our third quarter bookings versus 58% in the prior quarter. 59% of our semi test orders came from IDMs and fabless companies and 41% from OSATs, this is versus 54% and 46% respectively than in prior quarter. There was improved demand in micro controller test and in some consumer segments. However, this buying was overshadowed by decreases in RF and automotive, which had strong second quarter bookings. Utilization levels were flat at IDMs, were up a few points at OSAT customers and are in the high 80s low 90s percentages. Before I go through the third quarter results and provide comments on the fourth quarter outlook, I would like to revise some summary commentary on 2007 against our longer term growth plan. First, I expect that 2007 will be a key year for us and that we will obtain market share and SOC test with FLEX and with J750 for the second year in a row. Over the past 18 months, we have won many design in that have grown our market share and increased our gross margins several points. In many of these gains, we have had a 30% or better cost of test improvement over the incumbent. This 30% plus advantage is critical to shifting market share at attractive gross margins. This is primarily due to the FLEX architectural advantages that enabled much more efficient parallel test. FLEX also covers a very wide range of devices, which plays particularly well with OSATs, who are clearly pushing their customers more than ever to select test providers who can offer a flexible platform. The OSATs are also increasing their share of test as IDMs look to outsource more. We expect the share gains from SOC test to continue and that these gains along with the continued focus on gross margins will get us to our model profitability rate of 15% operating income. This assumes a normal market size. Currently, we operate at about a 10% to 11% operating income rate assuming a $3 billion annual SOC test market. Of the four to five operating income points, we need to get to our model P&L, about one-third comes from manufacturing savings and the other two thirds comes from SOC test share gains. The manufacturing savings comes from moving board assembly, electro mechanical integration and final configuration and test for FLEX to the same outsource site in China. The savings should come in evenly over the next five or so quarters. Our first FLEX shipment from this single site was on August 8th, and now two-thirds of our FLEX shipments come from the single site. This transition is on schedule and requires very significant planning and oversight to pull off. We are unique in having this broader capability of board assembly to final configuration test in one low cost site. In addition to the obvious benefits of low material costs, this one site allows for more efficient manufacturing, less inventory and lower shipping cost. The other major initiatives to get us to our model is continued SOC test share gains. We need about 2 to 3 points of further SOC tests share gains to achieve our model P&L. Our trajectory of share gains over the past two years would suggest that this could occur over the next year or two. Now for modeling purposes each point of SOC test share gain improves our operating income rate by about one percentage point. You should also note that while the SOC test market size has averaged about $3 billion a year, it is ranged between $2.6 billion and $3.4 billion over the last four years. With this annual volatility, our operating income rate would be expected to increase or decrease by about a percentage point for each $100 million annual swing in the market size. While, progress on the model is clearly important we also recognize that the steady SOC test share gains are not enough to provide the necessary growth given the underlying growth rate in SOC test. So 2007 will also be important and that we are continuing to make the long term investments to access closely adjacent markets with differentiated products. These investments are quite significant both in a level of spending currently and by the amount to which they increased our available market over each of the next three years. So we are investing aggressively for the mid term while steadily growing and improving our profitability near in. Now let me take you through some of the details of the third quarter then our guidance for the fourth quarter of 2007. Our third quarter gross margin percentage was 48.2% of sales, up from 47.5% in the prior quarter due primarily to lower manufacturing costs and slightly higher sales. The product mix remains favorable as well. R&D expenses were flat at $52.2 million or 17.4% of sales compared to $52.4 million or 18.2% of sales in the second quarter. SG&A expenses were also flat at $62.9 million or 21% of sales as compared to $62.8 million or 21.7% of sales in the second quarter. Our net interest income was $7.7 million, down from $9.2 million in the prior quarter, due primarily to re-positioned our investment portfolio to shorter maturities, which caused a $2 million accounting loss due to the increase in interest rates, and also a lower average cash balance. We had $4.7 million of income tax expense in the quarter. Our quarter ending headcount was 36,000 employees. In past calls I have talked about our longer-term tax rates of about 26% to 28% once we eliminate our valuation allowance against our net deferred tax assets. Well, this remains our best estimate longer term. For next year 2008, we would expect to continue with a lower tax rate of about 15%. In our third quarter, semiconductor sales were 81% of the total and the System Test Group was 19%. On a geographic basis, our third quarter sales in descending percentage order broke down as follows. U.S. 19.3%, South East Asia 17.2%, Singapore 15.3%, Europe 12.9%, Korea 11.6%, Japan 10.6%, Taiwan 10.6% and rest of the world 2.5%. Our book-to-bill ratios for the third quarter were 0.91 for the over all Company. 0.89 for semiconductor test, 1.0 for the System Test Group. At the end of the quarter our backlog stood at $317.5 million of which 80% is schedule to ship within the next sixth months. On a geographic basis, our bookings for the quarter again in the descending percentage of order were distributed as follows. U.S. 22.5%, South East Asia 19.1%, Taiwan 15.2%, Singapore 13.5%, Europe 10.5%, Japan 9.5%, Korea 9.2%, and rest of the world 0.5%. Now moving to the balance sheet, we ended the third quarter with cash and marketable securities of $748 million. We used a $176 million of cash in the quarter to repurchase approximately 11.4 million of our shares at an average price of $15.38. Subsequent to quarter-end, we have repurchased approximately 4.2 million of our shares at an average price of $13.91, which completes our authorized share buyback program. In total, we have repurchased 27.9 million shares at an average price of $14.31 totaling $400 million. This program lowered our outstanding shares by 14%, leaving us with a balance of a 173.6 million shares outstanding. As we have just completed the authorized buyback, we will comment on our cash plans in our next conference call. In the third quarter, capital additions net of sales of related capital equipment were $12.6 million; depreciation and amortization for the third quarter was $22 million, including $5.6 million of stock-based compensation, accounts receivable stood at $231.6 million with 71 days sales outstanding. This is nine days above our model of 62 days. In short, the nine day increase is largely due to extended payment terms connected with some recent SOC test share gains. These extended terms are backed by letters of credit. We ended the quarter with product inventory of $91.1 million, up $3.8 million from the last quarter. In the fourth quarter of 2007 as Mike mentioned, we expect sales to be between $250 million and $275 million with diluted earnings per share between $0.04 and $0.10. We expect gross margins to be between 45% and 46%, R&D and SG&A expenses should be flat in dollars, but up in percentages to be between 19% and 21% and between 23% and 25% respectively. We expect it to be down about $10 million in inventory dollars and accounts receivable to be down also about $10 million. In addition, we expect to spend $18 million or less on capital. In the fourth quarter, our depreciation and amortization should be around $22 million including $5 million of stock-based comp. Our tax rate is expected to be about 10% in the fourth quarter. Now I will turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Newman - Vice President of Corporate Relations: Thank you very much, Greg. Anisa, we'd now like to open the call for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question is from Dave Duley with Merriman.
David Duley - Merriman Curhan Ford: Yes, good morning. I was wondering if you could talk little about the PC in-market specifically the graphics area what you're seeing there? And where do you think you are gaining share in the SOC space?
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Dave, it's Mike. The PC and graphics space for us is a small piece of our market share. So it doesn't move the needle for us significantly. We expect in the next quarter... this quarter for our business there to be up, but it's not big enough to be a standout. In terms of segments, where we are gaining share, it's a broad set of segments. Automotive and power applications is one that stands out, digital TV is another one that stands out and while we've got a large share position in RF, we have been able to expand that into adjoining spaces. Those would be the largest three.
David Duley - Merriman Curhan Ford: Okay. One final thing from me is I think VERIGE has put out a new RF product, I think it's kind of geared at the higher end of that marketplace. What have you seen with that? And what competitive responses would you expect?
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well let me talk about what we are doing on that front and that will touch upon what's happening on the competitive front. We have a very significant position in the RF space. We are participating and do business with six of the top 11 leading SOC, RF companies in the world. So we've got a very, greater than 50% market share position. And the adoption of our products there and the new product that we have introduced over the last year of our fourth generation of RF instrumentation on the FLEX and UltraFLEX system, as you saw in the opening comments, that's been very substantial adoption. 100 systems out of the 300 we sold in the last six months plus another 40 plus upgrades. So we are in pretty solid shape with those customers. There are competitive offerings that are being offered, VERIGE and other companies are offering RF instrumentation as an add-on to their existing systems. So obliviously, that intensifies the battle there. And as you probably know, each generation has a new one following it. We're doing some new product development in that area, and most of our customers, if not all of our customers at this point are aware of our new generation of RF that they will be seeing in the future.
David Duley - Merriman Curhan Ford: Thank you.
Operator: : Your next question is from David Egan with Lehman Brothers.
David Egan - Lehman Brothers, Inc.: Hi guys, thanks for the call. Just on a housekeeping note, the share count, where do you think the share count will be next quarter?
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: About $177 million will be the diluted shares for EPS purposes.
David Egan - Lehman Brothers, Inc.: Okay perfect. And then I guess another housekeeping question, in terms of R&D hike, I guess we had expected it to pick up based upon your earlier comments in the year that R&D was going to be higher for some new product development. But where are we in terms of that and where should we be thinking... how should we be thinking about that going forward?
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: I think you'll see the R&D will be about flat and that extra spending is in the R&D numbers now for a in near in adjacency.
David Egan - Lehman Brothers, Inc.: Okay. So that, we shouldn't be thinking that the number will pick up anymore from here?
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: No.
David Egan - Lehman Brothers, Inc.: Okay perfect. And then the tax rate, could you repeat what you said, did you... because in prior conversations and in the conference call, I believe the... what you were saying in that, you said earlier that mid-year that the tax rate was going to tick up to 26% to 28%, but did you say today now we should expect 15% through the entire year?
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Correct. 2008 will be 15%, the subsequent year, it more likely be 26% to 28% and we'll keep you posted as we get a clear view of that.
David Egan - Lehman Brothers, Inc.: Okay and terrific. Then, lastly, on that Next Gen RF product, could you give a little more understanding about that. Is that more in terms of integrating RF on to UltraFLEX and what kind of time are you expecting for that?
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Dave I we won't comment on timing, it's a 5th generation of RF capability. All of our customers are aware what we are doing on that front. And it's an expansion in parallelism and frequency.
David Egan - Lehman Brothers, Inc.: Okay. Thanks so much guys.
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yes.
Operator: Your next question is from Chris Blansett with J P Morgan
Christopher Blansett - JP Morgan Securities, Inc: Hi guys, thanks for taking the call. Since you guys have completed your current share buyback program, I noticed you have mentioned announcement of new one. What should we expect for that going forward?
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: As we just completed this buyback program this very month, we will comment in our next conference call as to our plans on cash. We are just not prepared at this point to do that.
Christopher Blansett - JP Morgan Securities, Inc: Does that mean during the quarter we shouldn't expect any share buybacks?
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: That's correct.
Christopher Blansett - JP Morgan Securities, Inc: Okay. And then based on your prior comments when you would think about restructuring the balance sheet in your comments just earlier about the tax rate staying low next year, does that mean that this restructuring exercise is likely pushed out till '09?
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yes, we would not look to be more aggressive on the balance sheet leverage until the tax rate was higher. But we would also consider other factors. For example, where we are against our model profitability, what is the volatility of the industry, how are other companies positioned with cash. But that will be one of many factors we'd look out.
Christopher Blansett - JP Morgan Securities, Inc: And then kind of last question here, specifically you indicated that utilization rates at the sub-cons are relatively flat and IDMs crept up a little bit. Could you provide that data actually? And then, I mean what you kind of seeing now a month into the new quarter?
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Its high 80s low 90s, there isn't a dramatic shift from the time from when we talked last quarter, it strengthened a little bit, but its just very, very high levels across the product line.
Christopher Blansett - JP Morgan Securities, Inc: I guess what I am get out is at this time, are the... are your customers becoming much more active about utilizing the equipment more efficiently or it's just a matter of you haven't seen the unit growth flow through yet, as far as you can tell?
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: They're... quite frankly they are pressing their installed base for more and more as they try to keep a cap on their capital expenditures.
Christopher Blansett - JP Morgan Securities, Inc: All right. And then one last question actually, on the LCD driver platform you guys have talked about before, could you give us a status update on that?
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: As I said last quarter, we are not going to comment about new products until they are introduced. We are working with customers on that product in trials now. That's as much as I can say at this point.
Christopher Blansett - JP Morgan Securities, Inc: All right. Thanks a lot guys, I appreciate that.
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yes.
Operator: Your next question is from Nick Tishchenko with Global Crown Capital.
Nickolay Tishchenko - Global Crown Capital: Hi good morning, thank you. Two very short questions; number one, what are the current lead times for FLEX and the 750? And the second question is what was historical high and low share of revenues in turns of business?
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Okay.
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Lead times are 6 to 8 weeks, let me just confirm.
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: That's correct.
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: They are pretty quick. 5 to 7... yes, put a band around 6 to 8 and you've captured all the product lines.
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yes. On your question on turns, in semiconductor the turns this quarter were 44%. If you look back over time, the range intends to be 40% to 46% in that neighborhood. Some of our other businesses have much higher turns business as well.
Nickolay Tishchenko - Global Crown Capital: In the... what degree you are accounted for channels business, upside in the channels business in your guidance for December quarter?
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: We assumed a relatively consistent assumption based upon what we have seen in the average there. We did not put any extra increase in there or any decrease, assuming either higher or lower turns, we just assumed the average.
Nickolay Tishchenko - Global Crown Capital: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question is from with Mehdi Hosseini with FBR.
Mehdi Hosseini - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Yes, thanks for taking my question. Couple of questions regarding your commentary on getting into new businesses and you brought up the parallel test, can you comment on what your strategy is exactly in giving to parallel test? And then where are we on your entry into memory?
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Mehdi, no comment on the memory side. Obviously, a part of our future investment is in the memory space. But I can't give you any details on where that the magnitude of that or the timing.
Mehdi Hosseini - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Are we looking at the 2009-2010 or would it be sooner?
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: No, it's a multi-year program. So it's out in that time frame.
Mehdi Hosseini - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Should we expect to hear more in 2008?
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: I think you will only hear from us on the subject when we have products and customers on that front.
Mehdi Hosseini - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Okay.
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: But your question on parallel test, say a little more on that maybe I can --
Mehdi Hosseini - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: When you talk about parallel test the first thing that comes to my mind is basically doing more test on the wafer which could essentially reduce your addressable market. So help us understand what exactly you mean by parallel test?
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well we mean heaving an architecture that is scaleable so that customers can get a multiple of what they are currently testing
Mehdi Hosseini - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Is that for the final test or is that on the wafer test?
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Its both.
Mehdi Hosseini - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: We do have on the wafer test what is the strategy for the probing?
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: What's the strategy for probing? The strategy for probing is similar to final test and that is, that if customers are currently at two architecture pin counts etcetera and the DSP architecture of the products allow customers to get a very high effective throughput by moving let's say to four parallel.
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: May give some quick numbers. If the customer brought a tester from us for a $1 million for a single site that they wanted to go to a dual site, that have to put extra instrumentation in this system, and that would probably saw for close to 17. So the customers certainly gets a benefit, but it's not two to one from us. But they get the benefit but then they also get the leverage their other equipment in the test cells. So their savings can add up to a customer as they don't need to buy multiple pieces of other equipment.
Mehdi Hosseini - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: It doesn't mean that eventually you would be collaborating more with some of the top companies that are trying to give into the parallel test on the wafer?
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: I don't believe so. Not in the SOC test area.
Mehdi Hosseini - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Okay. And just... and one final of question, as the new realities of the lower growth rates for SEC becomes more of a consensus, any chance of consolidation? Is this going to be the final that brought quite some of you guys to consolidate?
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well if the growth rates that are being experienced in 2007 which are, five and six year lows in units and in devices that obviously puts pressure in the total market. And that presses consolidation is one of the potential outcomes because of that pressure. But in terms of consolidation, it come back... consolidation works in this market if you can get healthy players combining if this growth potential and if there is a high degree of complementarities versus conflict, so that you don't give the gains that you get through the combination. That been the hurdle in the industry, it remains the hurdle. So that will be the most challenging aspect if M&A is a result of the compression.
Operator: Your next question comes from Satya Kumar with Credit Suisse.
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse First Boston: Yes, hi thanks for taking my question. I just want to understand the turns business expectation once again. When you... you said you were not assuming any changes in the average turns business, but it looks like looking at your customers business, and the like, they are actually strengthening somewhat into Q4. What's the possibility that you are perhaps being on the conservative side here in terms of your outlook for Q4?
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Right, I guess that possibility could always exist, but let me give some quick numbers. Last quarter 44% of semiconductor test bookings were booked and shipped in the same quarter. If you go back over a handful of quarter, the range of that is 40 to 46. I haven't seen a range of 40 to 70 or 40 to 60. So there might a little bit upside or maybe there's some new indicator that you are seeing that we just haven't seen or factored in. But we have just picked a number that's in the middle of the range for our turns assumption.
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse First Boston: Okay. What is sort of the last point in the quarter, I guess if we get an order that end in November, is that still shippable within the end of the quarter or?
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yes unless it has very unusual configuration, the answer is yes.
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse First Boston: Okay. I have a sort of bigger picture question, I sort of share your belief that SOC business is growing slower this year than any years in the past. So again I guess I am not sure if I agree with the conclusion that if that's the only reason for the secular decline in test of CapEx because it seems like in past years when you have higher semi growth it did not actually result in higher test equipment growth. If there is a risk that we might be in a secularly declining test CapEx and the cycles are getting more muted and becoming maybe perhaps more seasonal than cyclical, why should Teradyne not be thinking also about the potential to lower the breakeven further and in that case, you sort of eliminate or offset the impact of secular and cyclical and can still have higher earnings growth?
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: We are constantly looking at ways to improve productivity lower breakeven and there are many initiatives that we have here that are tracked, executed against and some of them are the gross margin improvement plan that we've mentioned that will bring in a point, point and a half of improved gross margin that in turn lowers breakeven. So there are set of actions that are in place. The thing that we aren't willing to give up on the list, we have very significant investments, very significant in longer term growth adjacencies and we see the bigger issue is growth. And we could get to model profitability a lot faster or we could get there over some number of quarters and then have the upside of a much larger available market with the products that have differentiation. So we clearly are playing it that way.
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse First Boston: What is your breakeven right now?
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: It ranges between... the way we calculate, it ranges between $240 million and $250 million. We do that at the operating income line, so we don't include interest income or taxes.
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse First Boston: Okay. For modeling purpose, I should think that breakeven remains sustained through this or next year?
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: We'll talk more about that at the next call but seeing some of the changes we've talked about, I think you might expect it could go down a little. But we'll talk more about that I next call.
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse First Boston: And one final question, what... can you update us on what you think is the appropriate level of cash at Teradyne to run the business?
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: It's a very wide range. I think $300 million to $700 million is a wide range but I think in that range, that's reasonable. You have to keep in mind that we're not at our model profitability and we're in a very volatile industry. Having said that, we could operate with less cash, if we chose to.
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse First Boston: Thanks.
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Welcome.
Operator: : Your next question is from Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs.
Jim Covello - Goldman, Sachs & Company: Hey guys, good morning. Thanks so much for taking my question. A lot of the stuff has already been covered, but I have a big picture question from the standpoint of... do you think there is anything else that you guys need to be dealing structurally to get to where your competitors are profitability-wise? So from a structural profitability perspective, do you think the initiative, the growth initiatives in the memory space or RF space and the restructuring initiatives on the manufacturing side are enough to eventually get you there or do you think you are going to have to take incremental steps given your profitability versus your most profitable competitors?
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Jim except for what Greg just talked about, which is this continuation here of productivity and offshore manufacturing etcetera, that's going to give us some additional breakeven progress next year. The answer to your question is no, we don't think that we should be doing anything structurally. The bet we're making is the long-term bet to invest more heavily now in these outside the SOC, outside the core SOC space because the present value of that overwhelms any cuts we could make. But at the same time, we haven't said, we're going to give up on any progress. The progress we've made on the top line, on the share side, on the assumption that we are not going to get an uplift from the market there. That continues and the progress on cost and structure side of that also continues. So the two levers of cost and some incremental gain in share in the central space, get us to improve profitability. At the same time, we could get there faster but we are just not going to do that and not invest in these longer term place.
Jim Covello - Goldman, Sachs & Company: I certainly understand and agree with the idea that it's better to grow than just to cut. That said, I think you guys have acknowledged that it's proving challenging to make real inroads into the memory market because the competitor there is a... competitors there are pretty well entrenched. Is there a point at which you guys would say, look this isn't working and we need to think about going in the other direction or what kind of signpost should we look at, I mean we are talking about 2009, 2010 as it is but is there a signpost along the way which you guys are going to be looking forward that tells you, yes, we can get there versus you know what, even though we know this is the better strategy its not going to work?
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yes, the signpost will be very visible to us and less visible to you for a while but the signpost would be, are we getting the depth of engagement with some lead customers in the development process. And if we see that flagging then we'd be looking for different plans to play in. That's going to be the leading indicator for us.
Jim Covello - Goldman, Sachs & Company: That's helpful. And then final question relative to that, is your value add in the memory space going to be throughput, cost or both?
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well, high very high low, this performance issues in the memory space and there are multiple segments in the memory space. So we are intending to as we make investments there to look and work with closely with lead customers. Are the performance characteristics that we can build into and leverage off our existing FLEX architectures, that's the way we would come at it and the FLEX brings to the table you know cost to test, parallelism advantages in the SOC space, we tried to leverage those into memory if we find a space in there.
Jim Covello - Goldman, Sachs & Company: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from Tom Diffely with Merrill Lynch.
Tom Diffely - Merrill Lynch: Hey Good morning. Earlier you talked about the utilization rates being in the 80%, 90% range or low 90s, is there a practical limit that you see for utilization rates or is it possible to squeeze another 10% efficiencies there?
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: I don't think they can squeeze 10% more, I think the breaks it is that they see their forecast ticks up just a little bit and then they just need to start ordering. So I think they are about at the limit, could they go to 92, 93 may be, but they are close to the limit and if they see it tick up in unit growth, they'll be ordering.
Tom Diffely - Merrill Lynch: So is this level today at historical peak then for utilization rates as you track them?
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yes, it's pretty very close to prior peaks. Yes.
Tom Diffely - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just quickly, you talked about the interest income coming down a bit, was that just due to the lower cash balance or is there something else going on there?
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Well we believe interest rates would be increasing. So we shortened our portfolio to take advantage of that and that has worked to our favor, but in doing that you've taken accounting loss, but then you can reinvest the money in higher interest rate securities. So there's really no economic consequence, it's just an accounting event.
Tom Diffely - Merrill Lynch: Okay great. Thank you
Operator: Your next question is from Steve Balog with Cedar Creek Management.
Stephen J. Balog - Cedar Creek Management: On the program to move manufacturing to the China, could you expand on that a little bit more, specifically, what are you moving and from where? What risks are involved there, what are you doing to control that and are we left with excess capacity in the United States?
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Okay. First, we moved FLEX and microFLEX starting as of August 8th and now as we sit here today two-thirds of all our FLEX shipments come from the single site. UltraFLEX will go early 2008, that's a more complex product. Some of the work that had been done in the U.S. was already at Selectron, a site in North Carolina. The work that happened in North Reading Teradyne's location was final configuration in test. So that area is at some point will be less of use, we will still have new product introduction as well as new products and new markets introduced here at Teradyne first. But the footprint we need at Teradyne is reduced. And that in fact will help us sell a building and squeeze into this campus so there is some facility statements as a result of that. But to get to the real thrust of your question, the way we manage this is our operating team very senior, very confident folks have taken people from Selectron brought them back, trained them here in our equipment, we have our people there on their site overseeing the work. Its constant and we make huge investments, we are probably spending $1 million a quarter extra costs to make sure that we have enough people flowing back and forth to train the Selectron folks on using this highly complex equipment. We also recruit the people as well, make sure that we are satisfied that they are hiring the right people so it's a huge effort and is done very well.
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Steve, on the short hand though is we are not going to have excess space here we'll consolidate into a smaller footprint, number one. And number two, the actual headcount in manufacturing personnel inside Teradyne, that's domestic is going to be a very... it's under 50.
Stephen J. Balog - Cedar Creek Management: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Timothy Arcuri with Citi.
Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup: Couple of things; as I look at the world wide SOC data, so I graph it now, every month going back, I guess 15 years now, 16 years. There is a pretty clear secular decline. We have lower peaks and I guess the most obvious area was that in this most recent upturn, if you look at the SOC buyer rate, we only have regard to about 1.7% on the kind of a monthly basis and in '04, we got near 3% which was the kind of the same thing that we had done the prior cycle. So it seems like something, you are kind of tracking at the same level but you are peaking certainly in this recent kind of mini upturn much... at a much lower buyer rate than what happened in '03 or '06. So what particularly happened this time? Are the sub-cons acting that much differently because it just seems like a huge difference?
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well I think the big difference is in the, in our customers revenue and units. It's the growth rate there, the one standout issue is that the growth rate there is dramatically different in '07 than it's been in the last five years. And when they are faced with that, they are obviously just wheeling it in. The total buy rate, I agree with you that the buyer rate so far in this up cycle has still against historical measurements, its still got lot left to go, if its going to get back to that level. So it's only been as you said in the 1.3 to 1.6 level this year. And so, I agree that if that stayed, then you'd have a lower buyer rate, you'd have a lower market than the average of $3 billion which you have over the last four years?
Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup: Yes, I guess I am not sure Mike that is see that the unit growth rate of the industry slowed, I mean if you look at the unit at semiconductor unit sales as reported by the SIA there really hasn't been significant slowdown in that. Units have been pretty strong?
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Are you looking at SOC only?
Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup: I am looking at semiconductor units, yes.
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yes, you should look... break it between memory and SOC and the difference here is that the memory unit growth has been strong and the comparison though to SOC for this year, in '07, they're dramatically off the trend line.
Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup: Yes, okay.
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: So I think the real question everyone is facing is, well, is that going to revert back to the normal unit growth rate. If it does, the buyer rates comes back and there is nothing that we hear from customers that says to us that there is a new level of unit growth in SOC, they all see that '07 was a off the trend line year, they are all talking about a whole bunch of new products. And they are bullish about the unit growth that they are going to see in '08. But if it stayed low, I think your point would be right that you have a different threshold here for CapEx in the SOC space.
Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup: Yes, I think what's probably happening there is that there is a mix shift to the lagging edge in the SOC space. But I guess my other question is why this quarter... why wouldn't you do a buyback, I mean I understand that you just finished the authorization, but is there something strategic, some potential acquisitions, some reviews, something that's preventing you from actually doing a buyback this quarter, billion if you look at your cash levels, there is only one company that at least I cover that has more cash as a percent of their market cap today. So I am wondering if there is some... something that you are not alluding to this preventing you from actually buying back stock.
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: We don't like you reading anything in at this point. We are just... we are going to come forward as we work with our Board what we do next?
Timothy Arcuri - Citigroup: Okay. And then I guess last thing Mike, it seems like the new products are kind of... it seems like every quarter they kind of push out a little bit in terms of the timing of them. I am wondering what's specifically the issue is with the new products? Is it that they are kind of ahead of their time or they are kind of a product waiting for the market to catch up to them? What's the issue?
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well, I mentioned that last quarter when we talked and so let me try to recap the score on that. The new products that we have introduced this year; the 750 EX for the microcontroller space digital applications and for image sensor, on schedule adopted by customers full speed ahead. We said we have an LCD product. A year ago, we had some work around resetting the performance feature set for the target customers on that because of unique requirements they had. So we did have a reset in that space about 9 to 12 months ago, since then we have been on schedule. And we are in the trail phase of that product now. So looking back you say yes, we did have a reset and that's about a year ago.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Pelayo with HSBC.
Steven Pelayo - HSBC: Mike, I am trying to think a little bit about next year Teradyne's growth opportunity, kind of the organic or inorganic. You are talking about a slower industry growth environment, zero growth environment, market size that's ranging from 26 to 34, what are you thinking for industry growth next year or buyer rate assumptions for next year. And then if you can talk a little bit about the inorganic that it sounds like you mentioned your on trajectory to gain a couple of points of market share over the next year or so, that $3 billion level that you are thinking about $60 million in organic market share gains next year?
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: In inorganic, okay. What we need to do to grow and to get to model profitability here is two to three more points of share over the next couple of years. That's on a $3 billion market and when we say $3 billion, we are just using the average market size over the last few years. If the market goes down obviously, we are going to get more than two or three points. But we are not building our plan around a growth rate assumption in the overall ATE, SOC market. So the way we work is we say we've got to get somewhere between $50 million and $100 million of new business that we win... straight out win in the course of a year. Now you would say, see that should be three points of share gain. No one has a undefeated season and we don't either. So when we think about it, we think we've got to get $2 of wins because there's compression and there's competitive things we don't win. So if we do that and continue on that pace over the next year and a half to two years, we'll be where we need to be in market share and the track record of the last two years supports that we should be able to that as fan out the FLEX and the J750 product. You asked about inorganic. And did you mean by inorganic, new market?
Steven Pelayo - HSBC: I mean the industry growth organic means pure industry growth, inorganic meaning market share gains including new market, any thing you are doing something different, if you will?
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well then --
Steven Pelayo - HSBC: Your industry growth will just kind of feel like whatever, may be you are actually coming out with individual design sockets and specific product and it sounds like you are talking about $100 million over the next couple of years?
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yes, and in your definition of inorganic, as we move... if you think about the new product set in the J750, we've got an image sensor product, a microcontroller product and an LCD product coming. The image sensor product we've got 70% plus share, so that would be principally a market share hold product, maybe a little upside. I'd say that as kind of a 90:10 meaning 90% to preserve 10% to expand. Microcontroller and digital side, that's more like 75%, 25% and the LCD space, which is about $250 million to $300 million market is a zero hold, 100% new opportunity. So that's where our inorganic growth will come from and contribute to this share gain requirement that we've got in the next year. So we can get 10% market penetration in that and that's $25 million to $30 million a year, if we can get 20, its double that excreta. So that would be one of our leverage that contributes.
Steven Pelayo - HSBC: Last question on the non-semi test side, you're running kind of a $40 million to $45 million reported revenue in the Systems Test for quite a long time. It looks like that you have stepped up into the mid 50s and you're talking about flat for the next quarter. Is it the new higher sustainable levels which we should figure out, $200 million plus in annually for the system business?
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yes, the 55 is more sustainable. We would expect to growth that into 2008, it may bounce back down for a quarter. But over time, you will see 55 will be a low base and would be moving that up over time.
Steven Pelayo - HSBC: Excellent. Thanks a lot.
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Good.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up question from the line of David Duley with Merriman.
David Duley - Merriman Curhan Ford: Yes, one follow-up question from me is last quarter you described the outlook I think as murky and we ended up having order rates down to 11%, totaling down 16% in semi test. We use those same kind of descriptive words, I'm assuming that orders would be down again in December, I'm just wondering if you feel that December would be the bottom?
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well we don't... we can't look out beyond. All I give you is the climate from our customers. The tightness here says that that's clearly a short-term issue for them. They are very explicit on that, they are trying not to buy much, and so any upsurges not in the tone of their voices. Beyond that point, as they get through the fourth quarter bulge, they would... they are anticipating they get relief on unit and dollar volume in the first quarter. So you could see this level of business going out for couple of quarters is the way I would think about that.
David Duley - Merriman Curhan Ford: So that would be more flattish orders then?
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yes, I think... that's the... that's the directional signal we are getting from them
David Duley - Merriman Curhan Ford: Thank you.
Tom Newman - Vice President of Corporate Relations: Great. Operator, we will take one last call please.
Operator: Certainly. That last question will come from Mehdi Hosseini with FBR.
Mehdi Hosseini - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Thank you. Mike, want to go back to some of these new opportunities you're working on. Several years ago there were companies that were trying to promote the built-in-self test as a means to lower the total cost of test and recently I've been hearing more about it. What's your view on it? And whether this is an area where you can leverage some of the softer development into your favor or to advantage?
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well, I think of built-in-self test as one of the many things that test companies are working with our customers on and its... it is a one of the elements that contributes to the productivity increases and so as we work with our partners and with our customers on this, its one of the leverage Mehdi, but it's not the not the silver bullet. It's something that all customers are doing and we are developing with them.
Mehdi Hosseini - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: But there hasn't been any resurgence or any change, is that what you are saying?
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: There is a steady amount of activity; I would not say that hasn't been any up tick or down tick that's been noticeable to me.
Mehdi Hosseini - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Great. Thank you.
Michael A. Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Okay, thanks everyone. We will talk to you again next quarter.
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-19 10:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Thomas Newman Jr. - VP, Corporate Relations   Michael Bradley - CEO and President   Gregory R. Beecher - VP, CFO and Treasurer 
Analysts: Gary Hsueh - CIBC World Markets   Christopher Blansett - JP Morgan   Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse   David Duley - Merriman Curhan Ford   Timothy Arcuri - Smith Barney Citigroup   Mehdi Hosseini - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey   David Egan - Lehman Brothers   Tom Diffely - Merrill Lynch 
Operator: Good morning. My name is Cara and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Second Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute, to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions].  Thank you. Mr. Newman you may begin your conference. 
Thomas Newman Jr. - Vice President, Corporate Relations: Thank you operator, and good morning everyone. We like to apologize for the slightly late start here and get right to business. First, welcome to our discussion of Teradyne's most recent financial results. I am Tom Newman; I'm joined this morning by our Chief Executive Officer, Mike Bradley; our Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher.  Following our opening remarks, we will provide you with details of our performance for the second quarter of 2007 and for our outlook for the third quarter. First, however, I would like to address some administrative issues. Teradyne's press release concerning... containing our most recent financial results was sent out via Business Wire yesterday evening and is available on our website or by calling Teradyne's Corporate Relations office at 978-370-2221.  This call is being simultaneously webcast over our website at www.teradyne.com. Note that during this call, we are providing some slides at our website that will summarize and reinforce some of the highlights. They may be helpful to use in following the discussion. To access them, simply dial into the investor portion of our site, click on Live Webcast followed by 'click here for webcast.'  In addition, a replay of this call will be provided on our website starting around noon today Eastern Time. If it's more convenient, you can also access to replay of the call by dialing 1-800- 642-1687 in the US and Canada or 1-706-645-9291 outside of the US and Canada, and providing the passcode 6348562. Replays from both sources as well as the slides, I mentioned earlier, will be available through the 2nd of August.  Investors should accept the contents of this call as the official guidance from the Company for the third quarter of 2007 and beyond. If at any time we communicate any material changes to this guidance, it's our intent to do so simultaneously to all investors to the best of our ability. Investors should note that only Mike Bradley, Greg Beecher and I are authorized to supply Company guidance.  The matters that we discuss today other than historical information include forward-looking statements relating to future financial performance and other performance and expectations. Statements to inventory, bookings, backlog, orders, shipments, pricing, design-ins, and demand for our products, capital spending, market-share and other opinions of management.  Investors are cautioned that forward-looking statements are neither promises nor guarantees, but involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Some of those risks and uncertainties are detailed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including, but not limited to, our Form 10-Q filed on May 10th, 2007. And we incorporate here the discussion of those factors.  We caution listeners not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements which speak only as of the date they are made. While Teradyne is under no obligation to update the forward-looking statements made today. Any updates that we do make will be broadly disseminated and available over the web.  We want to make clear to investors that our prepared remarks will be presented within the requirements of SEC Regulation G regarding Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP. Therefore, if we use any non-GAAP financial measure during the call, you will find the required presentation of/and reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure on the Company's website at www.teradyne.com, by clicking on Investors and then selecting "the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation" link.  Also you may want to note that between now and our next conference call Teradyne will be participating in the Citigroup Tech Conference in New York on September 4 to 6 and the Bank of America Conference in San Francisco on September 17th through 19th.  Now let's get on with the rest of the agenda. First our CEO, Mike Bradley will review the state of the Company and the industry in Q2 2007, and will provide guidance for Q3. Then our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Greg Beecher will provide more details on our financial performance for the second quarter and on our guidance for Q3.  We will then answer your questions. For scheduling purposes, you should note that we intend to end this call at 11'o clock Eastern Time in time.  Mike? 
Michael Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Thanks Tom. Good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us today. I would like to focus on two subjects with you this morning. The first is to describe what's behind our momentum in Semiconductor Test with a focus on where we're making headway independent of the overall market recovery.  This will give you a feel for why we expect to increase our market share this year. And second, I will describe how we are positioning shipments for the third quarter, so you have a sense of the current business climate. I will also give you some flavor the issues we are seeing on the competitive front, without disclosing any specific customer names, of course. As always, I don't intent to comment on other markets we may enter in the future or to elaborate on new products until they are in use at initial customers.  Now, as far as the numbers go for the second quarter, we posted revenue of $289 million and earnings of $0.14 per share. At $307 million, orders for the Company were up 25% subsequently. In Semiconductor Test, orders were up 28% from the first quarter with product orders up 38%. In our System Test group, orders were up 9%. So it was a solid show, of course, in the Semiconductor Test sector, with strong demand across a wide range of end markets.  We saw particular strength in markets, as diverse as cell phones, bluetooth, automotive, broadband, power management, digital TV, baseband and optical disc drive devices. Our FLEX products hit an all time high in orders with nearly 200 systems added to the books putting our total unit sales now over 1,400 systems.  Our IBM and fabless customers accounted for 54% of that demand with outsource, assembly, and test companies at 46% of the total; that's up 33% from last quarter for the OSAT. This means that this has been an OSAT led upturn for us so far, as we're now above our peak OSAT book rate of the last cycle. While IBM and fabless buys are only 60% of the last peak.  It is important to note that Japan-based segments like image sensor and micro controller test, where we have been strengthening our position the last few years have so far not been big contributors to this cycle upturn.  Obviously, some of our demand in the first half of this year comes from an overall market recovery, but a good piece of our order increase came from recent design wins. We added seven new names to our FLEX customer list in the quarter with our most notable wins in power management, digital TV controllers, cellular RF, and digital base stand applications. In addition, the FLEX is branching out inside our existing installed base and is capturing sockets where customers find the potential to standardize their test platform investments.  In nearly every case, it's a combination of platform extendibility and throughput that's given us an edge.  A year ago, some customers who were outsourcing tests were concerned that they couldn't find multiple sources where the FLEX was installed in volume. Now the FLEX installed base in 0-sets is nearly 400 with significant fleets in all of the top 10 assembly and test houses worldwide. As a result, we now have a very effective push-pull environment where Specifiers and Subcons are working together to load their systems.  I hear a consistent message from OSATs that they intend to reduce tester variety in the future, and this will only occur through flexible multi-use platforms.  On the J750 front, where we have over 2,500 systems installed worldwide, we had a flat quarter with fewer than 100 units ordered. And about 60% below the 200 of the 2006 peak quarter, and 50% below the average quarterly unit demand throughout 2006. So, once again our Q2 results were dominated by the FLEX.  I do expect we will see renewed order rates for the 750 going forward for three reasons. One; it remains arguably the best small footprint high parallelism focused test values in the market. Two; we've introduced a new higher speed microcontroller test model this past quarter and its starting to latch as evidenced by recent press coverage. And three; the 750 will serve as a base for other new products going forward.  So there is a lot of gas in the 750 tank and it'll certainly remain our largest installed base tester for years to come. In our Systems Test businesses, we have roughly flat sales and slightly improved profitability from the first to the second quarter and growth in booking is just short of 10%.  In in-circuit test, we saw strength in the server and set-top box end markets which drove our TestStation product through the 1,000 unit milestone.  Our Mil Aero orders were up modestly on a sequential basis. Automotive test was sequentially slightly up in orders and slightly down in sales as expected. Since, we are coming off a large search in shipments of our new vehicle measurement module in Europe and the US.  During the quarter, the pending sale of our Broadband Test business to Tollgrade Communications was announced. We expect this transaction to close on schedule on Q3. Overall this will have little impact on the company, as BTD has represented between 1% and 2% of sales and even less in profit.  The guidance for the third quarter will be for revenues in the $300 million to $320 million range and EPS of between $0.15 and $0.19. Given the responsiveness of our supply chain, we can move shipments up or down to match demand without piling up inventory or letting lead times move out very far at all.  I should note that Semi Test order visibility is cloudier than this time last quarter. Some of that is normal seasonality where demand doesn't materialize until after the summer. Some is due to the extra capacity coming online as we speak and some is tied to a very cautious market short term; a market where device demand is uncertain and where CapEx pressure from the memory market is being felt.  But on the plus side we have an SOC test market that's now operating at a quarterly $650 million to $700 million level. Well below last cycle's $850 million to $950 million peak. And we have a moderate buy rate level that's at 1.5% for the last six months. While the average for the last three years has been 25% to 30% higher. The net effect is that we aspect our SOC orders to be back loaded this quarter with many of those orders shipping early in Q4.  So we are our raising Q3 guidance to match current demand yet staying position for more growth going forward. I am quite pleased with our results so far this year; in spite of a market that's recovering gradually and despite caution in IDM spending, we are nonetheless showing healthy growth in demand and we are making some important share gains. In other words, we are reaching a good cruising speed without hitting on all cylinders yet this year.  In summary, we are solidly on course with our longer term plan, our focus remains on Semi Test and the large SOC sector and on continued financial discipline and how we run the company. We are now well into the FLEX era with a sizeable install base that will, I believe, continue to win share due to the systems merits in parallel test and instrument extendibility, coupled with the unrelenting drive by our customers toward less variety in their test platforms.  Now, let me turn it over to Greg for more of the financial perspective. 
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Thanks Mike, and good morning everyone. Our second quarter sales of $289 million, were up 14% from the prior quarter or diluted earnings per share of $0.14 exceeded our second quarter guidance of $0.08 to $0.13 per share. This bottom-line improvement from our guidance was primarily due to improved Semi Test gross margins.  Total bookings of 27 million were up 25% from the prior quarter, led by 28% growth in Semi Test. FLEX bookings set a new record in the quarter with broad customer penetration and wide device coverage, with particular strength in RF, automotive, and power management.  Before I go to the second quarter results and provide commentary on the third quarter outlook, I'd like to comment on two things. First, you should be aware that the financial results I'll cover today are expressed excluding our Broadband Test division results, as BTD is treated as a discontinued operation for all periods presented. Second, I'd like to take a step back in putting context where we are against our longer term growth plans.  Strategically, first and foremost, we have been focused on building a strong core business in the roughly $3 billion per year system-on-a-chip test sector. This is meant, first, divesting businesses or product lines that are not core or expected to provide attractive returns inside of Teradyne; second, establishing a solid financial model that will deliver improved over-the-cycle profits and strong cash flow; third, fully exploiting our leading SOC test capabilities to gain share with high parallelism and platform extendibility; and lastly, leveraging our financial strength and existing platforms in SOC test to expand into closely adjacent markets.  So, where are we in these four strategic initiatives? On the first, we have made good progress in refining the portfolio of businesses that are more closely aligned to our core test capabilities. Most recently, we reached agreement to sell our Broadband Test Business unit to Tollgrade Communications. As we've concluded that that business doesn't offer sufficient growth potential within our array of System Test Businesses.  Moving to the second strategic initiative, we have made good progress on our financial discipline. In the last buying cycle that ran from the second quarter of 2005 to the first quarter of 2007, we achieved our highest ever free cash flow which totaled $272 million or 11% of sales over that same period.  We expect to improve our profitability and free cash flow performance this next cycle through growing market share and maintaining strong financial discipline. Note that going forward we are reducing our quarterly breakeven range by $10 million to $240 million to $250 million this is at PBIT line and it excludes stock-based compensation ... and it includes stock-based compensation. Roughly half of this improvement is due to the sale of BTD and half is from other cost reductions.  Now third, on fully exploiting our leading SOC test capabilities. We have been gaining share with FLEX and J750, and see further opportunities going forward. Our customers are continuing to drive for lower platform diversity, and at the same time they are unrelenting on improving tests economics. We are proving to have a very good value proposition here and are making steady progress steps socket-by-socket.  The fourth strategic initiative of expanding into closely adjacent markets is one where we have much work underway but cannot, for obvious reasons, disclose the details. The essence of our strategy is to leverage our engineering investments into Semi Test markets where our base platforms can provide the foundation for a differentiated performance.  You have seen the first evidence of this strategy in our J750 EX introduction last quarter into the high performance microcontroller test market. Each of our products, that is, the FLEX and the J750, operate very strong base; both technically and also now in market footprint to effectively execute this fourth component of our strategy.  So in summary, our core business is doing well. We expect 2007 to be a share gain year. And we have the strength to make and we are making the longer term investments to get into closely adjacent markets through our existing platforms. So, what does this all mean to our model at this point of time, our average PBIT rate is about 10% or 11%; this includes stock-based comp. This assumes a normal $3 billion annual SOC test market. This is below our annual PBIT model of 15%, therefore we need to gain about 4 points of SOC test share to hit this 15% model. This assumes the normal SOC test profit drop through to about $0.50 to $0.55 on a $1.  Although we are only at the halfway mark of 2007, we believe we're on course to add a point or more in SOC test market share this year. Now, apart from growth, we also expect further improvements in manufacturing cost by mid-2008, with the moving of printed circuit board assembly to our outsourced partner's China plant and the outsourcing to that same plant of final configuration and test. In short, we expect this to add about a point of gross margins.  Now, let me take you through the details of the second quarter and then our guidance for the third quarter of 2007. Our second quarter, gross margin percentage was 47.5% of sales, up from 44.7% in the prior quarter, due primarily to lower manufacturing costs and higher sales volume. We have described in the past that gross margin should be about 49% at model sales. The second quarter gross margin performance is tracking to our model as for each $25 million of volume up to about $200 million; we expect to get another point of gross margin.  R&D expenses were $52.4 million or 18.2% of sales as compared to $49.3 million or 19.4% of sales in the first Quarter. This dollar increase was primarily due to additional engineering to enter a closely adjacent market within existing platform.  SG&A expenses were $62.8 million or 21.7% of sales as compared to $63 million or 24.8% of sales in the first quarter. Our net interest income was $9.2 million down from $9.7 million in the prior quarter due primarily to lower average cash balances. We have 3.5 of income-tax expense in the quarter and our quarter ending headcount remained at about 3,700 employees.  In the second quarter, semiconductor sales were 79.9% of the total; assembly test; 14.3%, diagnosis solutions 5.8%. On a geographic basis, our second quarter sales in descending percentage order broke down as follows: US, 21%; Taiwan, 19%; Singapore, 15%; Southeast Asia, 15%; Japan, 11%; Europe, 10%; Korea, 7%; and rest of the world, 2%.  We have net bookings of $306.6 million in the quarter. On a quarter-to-quarter basis our bookings were up 25%. Semiconductor Test product bookings were up 38%, while Semiconductor Test total bookings were up 28%. Assembly test was up 9% and diagnosis solutions was up 9%. Our book-to-bill ratios for the second quarter were 1.06 for the overall company; 1.12 for Semiconductor Test; 0.84 for assembly test; 0.76 for diagnosis solutions.  At the end of the quarter, our backlogs stood at $344 millions of which 85% is scheduled to ship within the next six months. On a geographic basis, our bookings for the quarter, again, descending percentage order, will distribute as follows; Taiwan, 24%; Southeast Asia, 17%; US, 15%; Singapore, 13%; Korea, 13%; Europe, 10%; Japan, 7%; and rest of the world 1%.  Moving to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of $884 million flat with Q1. We used $24 million of cash to repurchase 1.4 million shares at an average price of $16.70. Since the inception of our stock buyback program in the third quarter of 2006, we have repurchased 12.3 million shares at an average price of $13.46 totaling $165 million. This leaves us with a remaining authorization for our share buybacks of $235 million coming into the third quarter.  In the second quarter, capital additions net of sales of related capital equipments were $12 million. Depreciation and amortization for the second quarter was $23 million including $6.8 million of stock-based compensation. Accounts receivables stood at $211 million or 67 days sales outstanding up from 60 days in the first quarter. This increase in DSO was due to the timing of shipments occurring later in the quarter.  We ended the quarter with product inventory at $88 million, up $7 million from the last quarter. In the third quarter of 2007, as Mike mentioned, we expect sales to be between $300 million and $320 million with income from continuing operations between $0.15 and $0.19. Income from discontinued operations should be about $7 million or $0.04 from the disposition of the Broadband Test Business.  We expect gross margins to be 48%, plus or minus, a half a point. R&D should run between 17% and 18%. SG&A should run between 21% and 22%. We expect to be down about $10 million in inventory dollars and accounts receivable to increase about $5 million. In addition we expect to spend $20 million or less on capital. In the third quarter our depreciation and amortization should be around $23 million including $6.8 million of stock-based compensation.  Our tax rate is expected to be about 16% for the balance of 2007.  Now I'll turn the call back over to Tom. 
Thomas Newman Jr. - Vice President, Corporate Relations: Thanks Greg. Operator, we now like to open the discussions for questions. 
Question And Answer:
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line or Gary Hsueh. 
Gary Hsueh - CIBC World Markets: Yes. Hi. Can you hear me? 
Michael Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yes. 
Gary Hsueh - CIBC World Markets: Hey, thanks for taking my question. I'm just going to ask the most obvious question with OSAT at 46% of total bookings. In your commentary, I think, last quarter about how it's roughly in eight months cycle between inventory correction period. Where exactly are we and how can we get comfortable about OSAT comprising 46% of total orders? What sort of the downside risk here is that number going down? 
Michael Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Gary, it's Mike. As I said you are correct, this is an OSAT led upturn for us. In the past they were as low as 20%, low-20% level and this is a high for the OSAT surge. Now part of that percent is, obviously, what IDMs have done, and the IDMs have been more in the sidelines so far in this recovery. The OSATs have ... are a little bit above ... about 15% percent above their last peak. So, obviously they have done their part but the main drivers for us which have always been over 15% of our booking's and the IDMs have been slower here in this upsurge. If your question is should we be concerned about overheating, I think you have to look at the total market, and the total market is gradually growing. So, I don't think we have got an overheated situation is the short answer. 
Gary Hsueh - CIBC World Markets: Mike, if I could just ask the question in a different way. I don't think I asked it correctly. I was just wondering if you could kind of handicap what that 46% OSAT content would have been year at last year's market share position. I know that's something to do, but obviously you have been gaining share at the OSATs and the OSATs as you said are consolidating their tester fleet. I was wondering if you could handicap that 46% to a kind of historical terms? 
Michael Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well I'm not sure what you are getting at, when we think about market share, Gary, we don't think about OSAT market share, because that's a complex mix of who is outsourcing. We look at market share on the Specifier basis. 
Gary Hsueh - CIBC World Markets: Got it. Okay. I was just wondering about your market share at OSAT? 
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: We don't ... I don't mean to be slow on the uptake here but we don't look at it as an OSAT market share calculation. 
Gary Hsueh - CIBC World Markets: Okay. All right, no problem. Thank you. 
Michael Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Sorry, if we're not getting at your ... maybe at the end if there is little more time come back and ask it and we will be -- 
Gary Hsueh - CIBC World Markets: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Blansett. 
Christopher Blansett - JP Morgan: Hi guys thanks. A couple of things, how is your order linearity throughout the quarter. You get any rush orders and in general how are your utilization rates for your equipment in the field and kind of along the lines of what Gary asked. What are the utilization rates at Subcons versus IDMs, maybe that's part of the difference? 
Michael Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Okay. On linearity ... this was ... Q2 was a bit more back loaded. So, we were anticipating that there would be some very short demand which is why we leaned into the capacity and the guidance in the second quarter and we saw just that. But it was heavily back loaded. And number two, on utilization, utilization, if you recall in our last call, we said that utilization was had turned in the February timeframe, and it has been moving back up steadily all the way through this month. And that looks ... the projections by external prognosticators on this say that that's continuing up. We continue to see a difference between utilization at the IDM and at the OSATs that spread has closed, and while the IDMs maybe in the 90% level; the OSATs are trailing but are increasing. Now as they take on a large chunk of capacity here the obvious thing to watch for is dose anything move on the OSAT utilization rate, but they've trending up since about February. 
Christopher Blansett - JP Morgan: Then one quick last question on share repurchases. You guys maybe repurchased some stock during the quarter but at your current quarterly cash generation rate. I mean the way the share repurchase have been going, you never really going to catch-up. I mean at some point in time should we expect a large onetime share repurchase out there? 
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Well we are about half way through the program and we have bought back 165, that's against 400, so we're a little bit behind, I guess, $35 million behind where you might expect us to be precisely. So, we are going to continue the program for the duration of the next year, and we would expect to buyback at a higher rate than we did this past quarter. 
Christopher Blansett - JP Morgan: All right. Thanks a lot guys. I appreciate it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Satya Kumar. 
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to follow up on the couple of previous questions. It seems like you had a pretty good backend loaded quarter. It seem like you, sort of, we're sounding cautious ... what has changed in the market in this three weeks into this quarter that you feel that Q3 might end up being more backend loaded quarter. Could you point to any specific area in the end markets or maybe across IDMs or OSATs that has gone softer that you, you sound a bit conservative on your September outlook? 
Michael Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Satya the thing that's different is really only that we expect this to be equally back-loaded and so as we size this quarter up. We're going to respond to the demand that is visible to us plus some uncertain demand that we think is coming because utilization rates are so high. But this is ... that the uncertainty in the market is up a tick from where it was three months ago, but I don't think we're playing this conservatively; we are setup so that we can move up to respond to that and we have increased our shipments accordingly. 
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: Where is that uncertainty coming from, which end markets or customer segment do you see a bit more uncertain right now? 
Michael Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: It's not market specific is much; if you talk to the customers the OSATs have put a lot of capacity in, they're going to push that and load that, and everybody is playing it ... continues to play it very tight. As I look at this and look at the utilizations continuing to go up, I think the forecast would suggest that this can keep moving up. The other piece is that the overall size of the market ... we haven't come to the midpoint in the average size of the market per quarter. We've had three quarters now that have been below the average over the cycle size of the market. So, all of those things argue for continued strength. But we are in the summer, the summer usually is a very quite period and I think that these ... the increase that we might see in Q3 would be satisfied in our shipments in Q4. 
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: Great. I mean, when you look at this pick up that you are seeing at the OSATs and IDMs in Q2, and this sort of outlook for Q3, is what you are seeing more seasonal than cyclical; you see this in Q2 and Q3 every year and maybe sort of back in Q4 and beyond? 
Michael Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Actually there isn't the kind of seasonality that it feels as if there is, what I mean by that is all of us sense that and we tend to see strong Q2s in order to do the build for the end of the year. In truth, in the last three cycles the peak quarters for us have been either Q1 they have been Q4 and they have been Q2, in the last three cycles. So, I would think more ... less of this as a seasonality issue and more where the industry is in the cycle and we are on an upturn gradual increase in the cycle and that tends to overwhelm issues around seasonality. 
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: Okay. And my last question, I might have missed this, your gross margins came in at 150 basis points above your midpoint. Could you walk through what was the variance driving that was it both FLEX and the product mix that helped you, or what happened there? 
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: We had lower manufacturing cost this quarter. We have been driving down our indirect and our manufacturing cost over long period of time. We've also been lowering our material costs and some of that has started to show up in this quarter's gross margin. 
Satya Kumar - Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks so much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Duley. 
David Duley - Merriman Curhan Ford: Yes, good afternoon, congratulations; or good morning and congratulations on a nice quarter. I was wondering if you could talk about what's, where FLEX lead times are now and how they have changed over the last quarter? And then also what would be your cash flow generation target for this upcoming quarter? 
Michael Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Dave, it's Mike. We have been working very hard to make sure that we keep our FLEX lead times in single-digits. Six to eight week lead times are what we are shooting for. As you know we've got a much more efficient manufacturing cycle and we have worked very heavily with our main suppliers so that we can flex the capacity up or down very quickly. So, in spite of the fact that we had a record quarter in FLEX bookings, we are keeping those lead times in check. 
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: On the second question, the free cash flow, I would expect that to be over $25 million so, say, $27 million in that neighborhood in the third quarter? 
David Duley - Merriman Curhan Ford: Okay. And then one final thing from me is obviously your products bookings in Semi Test were up, nicely ... up I think for 38% number that you highlighted, and you gave all the geographic regions but I don't have the comparison numbers to compare. Could you talk about which regions were the big drivers of that sequential growth on product and maybe, can you give a little bit more information or more specific information about a couple of device types that might be driving that; I am assuming that some of your big customers Broadcoms and the Qualcoms of the world. But maybe you could talk a little bit more about it? 
Michael Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well from a regional standpoint it maps pretty closely to where the OSATs are located. So, we have very good bookings strength in Taiwan and South Asia, relatively weaker in terms of the percentage of bookings in the US and Singapore; Korea also strong for us this quarter. Going forward we see Europe and the Taiwan, China segments likely to be down this coming quarter with the US and Japan rebounding. Now, in terms of segments very, very strong growth for us in our RF segment, as we said before automotive, baseband, optical disc drive devices; those were all very strong sectors for us. We expect to continue to see very strong RF Business and we probably ... at this point, as we look out, the places that have been softer for us with microcontrollers, we expect that to get stronger in the second half of the year and likelihood that image sensor may get stronger perhaps in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. So, those will become some of the segment stories. 
David Duley - Merriman Curhan Ford: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri. 
Timothy Arcuri - Smith Barney Citigroup: Hi guys. Two things, number one, we had heard some chatter that the new LCD driver tester had pushed out a little bit. Pushed out may be six months, nine months in terms of shipments and that maybe that tester might not derive meaningful revenue until the end of next year. What's your current update on that product and what the kind of push and pulls are there? 
Michael Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well, let see. Update on the product is that we are not talking in any detail about the product, the thing I have mentioned on the last call was that this year we have 750 based product expansion, we've introduced the 750EX microcontroller version of that product, so that is how that's at customers and we will introduce products going forward when we have got penetration into lead customers. I had also mentioned that as you know that we intended to use that platform base of the 750 for next generation product and image sensor and for an entry into the LCD market. So that's the extent of disclosure on those two other segments. Schedules, products, development schedules we're not disclosing, obviously, I'll say the work we are doing in those segments with customers continues unabated, so we are continuing forward in both of those segments, but you'll hear more about those later when we are into customers. 
Timothy Arcuri - Smith Barney Citigroup: Okay, I guess, let me ask it maybe just in a different way, so it seems like maybe coming of the last call, it seemed like some of the new products could drive something like $80 million a year in kind of incremental sales, something in that range. Is that ... and it seems that maybe while that number has pushed out a little bit, is that still the right overall number? 
Michael Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: The ... let's see, I'm not sure how got the 80 but maybe I can help by reinforcing that two of those segments of those three we're already in. So it'll be a little bit hard to discriminate between how much the new product gets in share and how much the existing J750 product gets. So, obviously the first two segments of microcontroller and image sensor will be holding in and expanding inside existing customers mostly. The LCD market, we size at around 10% of the total market about $300 million and we've got a overall market share of little bit north of 30%. So, obviously if you get to that level you can hit the kind of numbers that you are talking about. 
Timothy Arcuri - Smith Barney Citigroup: Okay. And I guess last thing, what do you think is the tax rate going to be next year, it seems like you have kind of chewed through the NOL. So it seems like the tax rate is probably going to go up to the corporate maybe 26% to 28% next year and if that's the case what quarter do you think that that it would go up? Thanks. 
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Okay. First of all the tax rates for the balance of this year is about 16%. What would likely happen at some point, and it could be as early as the fourth quarter of this year or it could be later say Q2 of next year, we would likely put back on our books that deferred tax assets that we wrote off and we have over $250 million of NOLs that are still available that we could use this to reduce the taxes we would otherwise pay, but on our accounting we would have to put these on our books at some point. And once we do that we go to a more natural rate and I think we said in past calls that's 26%, 28%. Over a longer period of time, we would expect to take that down a little bit, but I think as guidance for the next couple of years, I think 26% to 28% is probably good and while we are able to not book this deferred tax asset, a tax rate guidance of 16% is probably okay. I will be very surprised if we are in 2009 and we were not at 26% to 28%. I think, sometime in 2008 we would likely put this valuation allowance and be at the 26%, 28%. 
Timothy Arcuri - Smith Barney Citigroup: Okay. So just to clarify, so the write-back that you will have to the balance sheet will be some where in that $350 million? 
Michael Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yes. 
Timothy Arcuri - Smith Barney Citigroup: Okay. Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini. 
Mehdi Hosseini - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Yes, a couple of questions. First, Greg what was ... what would be the tax rate without the options and then a couple of questions for Mike. First, I see your non-Semi bookings were up single-digit and historically as you move from Q1 to Q2 seasonality kicks in and it's been up a lot more, does that mean that some of that bookings may trickle into Q3 and that would balance any weakness from OSAT CapEx. And then the last and final question, you mentioned that Japan is going to come back in Q3 and microcontroller is going to be driving that, does that cause any ASP difference for your Semi Test on a blended basis versus the strength in FLEX that was in the Q2, in other words to what extend the ASP from microcontroller would impact the bookings? 
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Okay, Mehdi, why don't I go first, your question was whether tax impact be with excluded [ph] options? Is that right? 
Mehdi Hosseini - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Yes. 
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Okay.Well the options ... are you talking about option in prior years or going forward? 
Mehdi Hosseini - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: No, no, just option expense, I am just trying to calculate earnings without the impact of options? 
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Okay, maybe, I should do that for you offline, I think can tell you about the cost is our option expense is very low right now. 
Mehdi Hosseini - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Okay. 
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: It's very low. So, I think the impact would be negligible, but we have restricted stock unit there would be tax consequences on that. So, maybe offline I can help you with the other schedule. 
Mehdi Hosseini - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Got it. Okay. Thank you. 
Michael Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Mehdi and your other two questions. The non-Semi Test ... the Systems Test businesses are far less seasonal story than they are program based story. So, the changes that you see quarter-over-quarter there really are typically tied. Aside from the In-Circuit Test business which is lots of units of In-Circuit Test; the other businesses Mil Aero and Diagnostic Solutions in the automotive space tend to be program based. If you think back over the last year or so, big deployment in Automotive and in our VMM business, Vehicle Measurement Module business, that created a surge in '06 for that business. As we mentioned last quarter, we have gotten into the commercial airlines tests business in the Mil Aero space, and that will be another bump in future business for us. So, I don't think about the Systems Test business as a orderly or seasonal phenomenon as much as I do in a program based cases. On the ASP side, certainly if the 750 becomes a larger piece of our mix, that's a much lower cost platform, small footprint, lower cost platform. So, to the extent that we get a resurgence in those spaces, partly driven by the extents of installed base and partly driven by the new products. Yes you'll see ... arithmetically you'll see a decline in ASPs. But, that's the nature of the beast; as you get a different mix with a focused tester versus a general purpose tester. But I wouldn't take much ... with regard to that. 
Mehdi Hosseini - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Sure. There is so much of focus on the Semi Test. But give me some idea how you see the demand on the non-Semi Test in the second half of this year? 
Michael Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well let's see, the way we think about it is we are trying to built the healthy portfolio of businesses their, that operate for the next year or so in the ... between ... around $60 million to $70 million a quarter, which sometimes In-Circuit being the leader and other times in Mil Aero space and Diagnostic Solutions changing the order of contribution to that $60 million to $70 million. That's the modeling I would do with it, the other piece is we continue to push those divisions northward in profit contribution. In the past, they were a drag on the company and now we are just insisting that those businesses are structured in a way that they contribute more heavily to the bottom line, but I think that sizing would be what I use in the model going forward with some lumpiness, obviously, factored in. 
Mehdi Hosseini - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Got you. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Egan. 
David Egan - Lehman Brothers: Hi guys. Thanks for taking the question. I was wondering about the ... your comment about CapEx pressure from the memory market, what is that reference in particular? 
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Well it's ... that was more intended to be kind of tone-off what I mean by that is there is a general broad hesitation out there about CapEx across the board, a lot of that comes from the memory space, but SOC is not immune from those kinds of pressures. Now obviously a company that is a pure play in memory, there is no affect in the SOC segment but on the combination companies that have both memory and SOC, there is ... we feel the concern and it trickles through in the form approval for CapEx and so on. 
David Egan - Lehman Brothers: So we might see that like in the image sensors and things like that? 
Michael Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: No, I think those are more specific to the end markets and to the transitions and technology of the devices in there. I was just trying to pass along that we are not immune from what's going on in the memory space and it does have some, what I'll call, atmospheric affect. I don't think that the indicators, in terms of SOC unit growth with the buy rate or the where the recovery is at this point in time, any of those ... none of those argue in favor of a softening on the SOC side. But the summer phenomenon, the backend loading we saw just last quarter and the overall CapEx concern puts a litter flavor of ... higher flavors of uncertainty in the very, very short term. Longer term I don't ... I wouldn't put as much stock in that. 
David Egan - Lehman Brothers: Okay, no problem. This is a question for Greg, I didn't, I don't think we got all the information that you are talking about with the breakeven. And then also the ... what was the gross margin, first of all, the gross margin guidance for this quarter? 
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Okay. The guidance was 46% plus or minus a half a point. 
David Egan - Lehman Brothers: I am sorry, for September? 
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: For the second quarter? 
David Egan - Lehman Brothers: No, for the third quarter ... I am sorry ... the guidance? 
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: I am sorry, the third quarter, okay. 48% plus or minus a half a point. 
David Egan - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then when you are looking at the SG&A it looks like it is going to be up quarter-to-quarter. What is the ... I guess this is about the same percentage... but what is that driving the increase in the SG&A is it just basically variable comp? 
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: The variable comp is a single most significant piece, there is also a new order entry system that's getting implemented but it's really variable comp. 
David Egan - Lehman Brothers: Okay, fine. And then back to the question I was asking before about the breakeven, should ... where should we expect ... as the breakeven comes down, what should we think about the gross margin; how should we start modeling that? 
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: If we get to what we expect to get to our 50% profit rate which takes some amount of SOC test share gain, we would expect to be at 49% gross margin, on average, over cycle; sometimes above, sometimes below but that would be the target that we set ... we are tracking to it. What we do need to do is get some modest growth as we've made a number of investments in engineering that gets us access to new markets. So with that playing out we should be able to get to the 49%. And the SOC test share gains will also get us there. So, I think 49% is looking better than it did a year or two ago when we said this. It looks very much line-of-sight target. 
David Egan - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And the ... on the prior call you had mentioned that you thought that the R&D would pick up in the second half of the year, is that still on track for what we should be should be expecting? 
Michael Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Correct, it's picked up and it's to enter the new adjacency within existing platform. 
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: So, that's an opportunity that we see is very attractive and we are very far along with some customers on that. I don't see that as a necessarily a permanent up-tick; that should come down later. 
David Egan - Lehman Brothers: And then finally, from the last call I think we remember the way we were thinking about the tax rate was that you'd be doing buybacks also and then maybe that was going to offset some of the higher tax rate. Do you think you have said in terms of you EPS. Do you think that would be something we should consider? 
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Well we are going to do buyback simply because, we have ... we think Teradyne stock is a good buy and we have excess cash. The tax situation itself is somewhat tied to how you capitalize the balance sheet. Meaning, if five years down the road we wanted to have far less cash and more debt on the balance sheet then from a weighted average cost of capital perspective it makes more sense to have debt on the balance sheet. I don't know how I should get that but [ph] what I am trying to say is the tax and the balance sheet capitalization do connect to one another. The only other way I'll try to say quickly is, if we had a leveraged balance sheet now we wouldn't get much of an advantage from a weighted average cost of capital because our tax rate is so low. 
David Egan - Lehman Brothers: I remember that you had mentioned this last quarter, and I guess a takeaway was if possible that you are going to re-level the balance sheet later in the year or next year and that would help lower the tax rate? 
Michael Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: I think we do that over a longer period of time and that would lower the weighted average cost of capital; not the tax rate itself. The tax rate we're lowering independent and at some point we are getting the tax rate that is a sustainable rate given our mix of businesses and where the work is done. But the opportunity for us, like many other technology companies, is can you lower the weighted average cost of capital ... maybe this is too theoretical, but there is models out there that would suggest if you could lower the amount of capital in the business. The investor can get a better return. 
David Egan - Lehman Brothers: Right, now that makes sense, do you have a target where you would like to get the long-term tax rate? 
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: The long term tax rate, the target would be about 25% to 27%. 
David Egan - Lehman Brothers: Okay. 
Gregory R. Beecher - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: And that's in part because we have non-Semi Test business; Semi Test itself would much lower, yet other non-Semi Test businesses would be at a higher tax rate, still profitable, still making the contribution. 
David Egan - Lehman Brothers: Thank you, guys. 
Thomas Newman Jr. - Vice President, Corporate Relations: Operator we'll take the last question. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Diffely. 
Tom Diffely - Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning. I was hoping, you can give us a feel for which members FLEX family were doing the best at this point? 
Michael Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Tim the RF-based systems have been really the leading the charge here in the last quarter and we expect them to be pretty strong through this coming quarter, that's the standout product ... obviously we've got, Tom, I mean, not Tim. Tom, we've got a family here of FLEX, micro-FLEX and ultra-FLEX. This last quarter it was more the mid-range performance product, the FLEX product led, but the real significant element is that it's been RF-based which has led the charge. 
Tom Diffely - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And on average ... in general, do you think your business in the RF world has improved or decreased over the last couple of quarters on a competitive front? 
Michael Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: We've had some wins in that space. We think we are very strong and in it. And while there is a lot of competition in that space, there are two things in my view that go on there. One is the integration of technology including RF elements on SOC devices, means that is not just a pure RF instrumentation story. So costumers are valuing the extendibility of the product and the ability to add a variety of instrumentation to their systems. And then it's a cost of test battle and throughput and the parallelism on the FLEX has proven to be important in that respect. 
Tom Diffely - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And if the market moves back towards the IDMs over the next couple of quarters, that change the profile of which systems you might be shipping out? 
Michael Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: Not discernibly, I think we give a pretty consistent mix, and the reason I say that is that all of our customers now are, kind of, converted to FLEX and J750. The one addition I would make is, if, as I said before, if microcontrollers and image sensors come back stronger, which we expect, that they will, then obviously that changes the mix to a heavier J750 element. 
Tom Diffely - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you. 
Thomas Newman Jr. - Vice President, Corporate Relations: Operator we are completed. 
Operator: Okay. Do you have any closing remark, sir? 
Michael Bradley - Chief Executive Officer and President: No, thanks everyone for joining us. We'll talk to you next quarter. Thank you very much. 
Operator: This concludes the second quarter 2007 earnings conference calls. You may now disconnect.
