===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-24 08:00:00) =====
Operator: A brief question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. If you would like to ask a question at that time, please press star followed by one on your telephone keypad. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'll now turn it over to Dow Investor Relations' Vice President, Andrew Riker. Mister Riker, you may begin.
Andrew Riker: Good morning. Thank you for joining today. The accompanying slides are provided through this webcast and posted on our website. I'm Andrew Riker, Dow's Investor Relations Vice President. Leading today's call are Jim Fitterling, Chair and Chief Executive Officer, Jeff Tate, Chief Financial Officer, and Karen S. Carter, Chief Operating Officer. Please note our comments contain forward-looking statements and are subject to the related cautionary statement contained in the earnings news release and slides. Please refer to our public filings for further information about principal risks and uncertainties. Unless otherwise specified, all financials, where applicable, exclude significant items. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in the earnings news release that is posted on our website. On Slide two is our agenda for today's call. Jim will review our first quarter results and further actions we are taking to navigate the prolonged downturn. Karen will provide an overview of our operating segment performance and actions we are taking to improve business results through more efficient resource allocation. She will also provide details around how our advantage footprint once again demonstrated relatively strong performance versus our peers in our full year 2024 benchmark. This includes how we expect it to provide mitigation levers that are unique to Dow against the recent geopolitical volatility we have seen. Jeff will share an update on the macroeconomic environment, our modeling guidance, and details around the progress of our unique cash levers in the near term. We will close with additional comments about our strategic focus areas. Following that, we will take your questions. Now let me turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Fitterling: Thank you, Andrew. Beginning on Slide three, in the face of volatile macroeconomic conditions, team Dow focused on operational discipline while taking actions to reduce costs and align capacity to the slower GDP conditions that are impacting our industry. We delivered our sixth consecutive quarter of year-over-year volume growth and net sales were $10.4 billion, down 3% versus the year-ago period. This reflects declines in all operating segments largely due to margin pressures. Sequentially, net sales were flat. This reflected lower pricing in industrial intermediates and infrastructure and performance materials and coatings, which was offset by downstream growth in silicones as a result of improvements in home and personal care and electronic end markets, as well as seasonally higher demand in building and construction and DIC. EBITDA was $944 million, which is down compared to the same period last year as volume gains were more than offset by margin compression. Cash flow from continuing operations was $104 million and returns to shareholders totaled $494 million of dividends in the quarter. We are taking targeted actions to further reduce costs and support near-term cash flow in response to the ongoing macroeconomic weakness. Our actions include at least $1 billion in annualized cost reductions by 2026 in areas like purchase services, contract labor, and the elimination of approximately 1,500 Dow roles. We're also delaying construction at our path to zero project in Fort Saskatchewan, Alberta, Canada. This will accelerate our CapEx spending reductions this year reflecting a total decrease of $1 billion for an enterprise spend of approximately $2.5 billion versus our plan of $3.5 billion. In addition, we are expanding the scope of our previously announced review of select European assets primarily in polyurethanes. Today, we announced that we have identified three initial assets that we expect to idle or shut down. We remain on track to complete the full review by mid-2025, including the best options for our polyurethanes business. We also received regulatory approval from the Committee On Foreign Investment In The United States for a strategic transaction with Macquarie Asset Management for the sale of a minority stake in select US Gulf Coast infrastructure assets. We expect to receive proceeds of approximately $2.4 billion upon closing, which is on track to be completed by May 1, with the potential for an additional $600 million later this year. And lastly, we received a final ruling on the pending NOVA litigation for which we expect to receive more than $1 billion later this year. The reality is our industry has been one of the most protracted down cycles in decades, facing a third consecutive year of below 3% GDP growth. This has been further exacerbated by geopolitical and macroeconomic concerns which are weighing on demand globally. In response, Team Dow remains agile, taking quick and decisive actions to reduce our cost, adjust our supply chain, and protect and improve our margins. These proactive actions will help us to outperform our peers and ensure long-term competitiveness. We also remain committed to a balanced capital allocation approach over the cycle. Let me delve deeper into the actions that we announced today beginning on slide four. Team Dow remains focused on disciplined execution, improve profitability, and support cash flow. As evidenced by the additional actions we announced today. First, following a comprehensive review, we have made the decision to delay construction at our path to zero project in Fort Saskatchewan until market conditions improve. This decision supports our near-term cash flow and adjusts the project timing to align with the market recovery. We remain committed to the long-term strategic rationale of the project and the growth upside that it will enable in targeted applications like pressure pipe, wiring cable, and food packaging. However, we now see a higher probability of a lower for longer earnings environment which changes our expectations for when the capacity from this project will be needed. We are steadfastly focused on ensuring returns for the project are above our cost of capital, and because of that, now is the time to delay construction before spending ramps up. As a result of this decision, we now expect our 2025 capital expenditures to be $2.5 billion compared to the original plan of $3.5 billion. In addition, we are expanding our European asset review to address the ongoing demand challenges and regulatory environment in that region. We have identified three initial upstream assets across each of our operating segments where we expect to either idle or shut down capacity. These actions will help to further enhance Dow's near-term cash flow and align our asset base to the realities of our participation in the region. And importantly, they are additive to our previously announced plans to determine the best strategic option for our polyurethanes business in Europe. The assets we announced today include an ethylene cracker in Bohlen, Germany, and chlor-alkali and vinyl assets in Schopau, Germany, that will likely result in an idle or shutdown. Additionally, we expect to shut down our upstream siloxanes plant in Barrie, The United Kingdom, to focus that site on specialty downstream silicones production. Each of these assets represents a meaningful portion of our regional capacity, which is either not fully integrated resulting in excess merchant sale exposure or is high on our cost curve. Where we have better options to supply derivative demand and optimize margins. Next, I'll turn the call over to Karen who will unpack our first quarter performance across Dow's operating segments. She will also provide an overview of our business in regard to the current tariff environment.
Karen S. Carter: Thank you, Jim. We are moving with urgency to deliver strong operational and financial results through this persistent down cycle. We are taking a hard look at everything across the enterprise with a sharp focus on driving volume growth, capturing price, and taking actions in the near term that will enhance profitability and improve margins. We will continue to accelerate our cost savings actions and are looking for additional opportunities to build on what we are already delivering. Now turning to packaging and specialty plastics results on slide five. During our January earnings call, we acknowledged that higher feedstock and energy prices would be a headwind for us in the first quarter. Although we expected these prices to moderate throughout the quarter, they remained elevated leading to margin compression across the segment. Net sales in the quarter were down compared to the year-ago period, driven primarily by pricing pressures in functional polymers, from increased competition in Asia Pacific. And the return of our PEH unit drove a 4% volume improvement. Sequentially, net sales were flat. While we benefited from higher olefins prices in the quarter, polyethylene sales were down. Primarily driven by lower sequential export sales following record high industry exports in November and December of last year. Operating EBIT was $342 million reflecting a decrease compared to the year-ago period. This was primarily driven by lower integrated margin. Sequentially, operating EBIT decreased as higher input costs pressured margins. This was partly offset by higher equity earnings at our principal joint venture. Next is our industrial intermediate and infrastructure segment on slide six. Looking at first quarter results, net sales declined both year-over-year and sequentially as market conditions in the segment remained difficult. Particularly in our polyurethanes and construction chemicals business, which has a high exposure to durable demand. The segment was able to deliver a 1% volume gain year-over-year primarily driven by improved supply availability, in our industrial solutions business. Sequentially, volume increased as a result of seasonally higher building and construction, and de-icing fluid demand. We continue to experience stable demand across the energy and pharma end markets, these are key markets, where we are positioning our business for growth. This includes our new alkoxylation expansion in Cedars, Texas, which we expect to be fully operational by mid-2025. We anticipate the project will provide earnings upside the second half of the year delivering margins in excess of 1,000 basis points higher than MEG. Operating EBIT for the segment decreased $215 million versus the year-ago period. Results were primarily driven by lower prices and higher energy costs, which compressed integrated margins as well as lower equity earnings. On a sequential basis, operating EBIT decreased driven by margin compression and higher planned maintenance activity which were partly offset by volume gain. Moving to the Performance Materials and Coatings segment, on slide seven. We delivered a sixth consecutive quarter of downstream silicones growth, however, overall volume decreased for the segment. This was driven by lower volumes in upstream siloxanes and acrylic monomers. Net sales in the quarter decreased 4% versus last year. Local price also decreased year-over-year, due to continued siloxanes pricing pressure. Sequentially, net sales increased primarily driven by seasonally higher demand in building and construction end markets, which comprises a significant portion of the segment's sales. We also experienced higher demand for electronics and personal care applications which have been resilient in markets for us. Operating EBIT was up compared to a year-ago period, driven by lower fixed costs, which were partly offset by lower prices. Sequentially, operating EBIT increased. Driven by seasonally higher demand for architectural coatings, which was partly offset by higher planned maintenance activity in North America in preparation for the advanced High Point of the painting season. Now turning to slide eight. In addition to the comprehensive set of actions underway, we are adjusting our business to current market realities by leveraging our strategic asset footprint global reach, low-cost position, and unmatched feedstock flexibility. More specifically, we have a leading or low-cost position and world-class manufacturing sites in every geography, with well-developed, agile regional supply chain. And a deep understanding of the needs of our customers. And are the only company with integrated polyethylene production on four continents. In addition, Dow's unique feedstock flexibility allows us to optimize our assets based on regional advantages. We have the ability to crack the most optimal fee slate. And have the widest range to take advantage of dynamic periods. This ability to capitalize on preferred feedstocks, paired with our breadth of process technologies, enables Dow to optimize what, where, and how we produce our products to best serve our customers. And while the tariff environment remains fluid, we estimate greater than 95% of our North American volume is USMCA compliant which is an advantage for Dow. There are also areas of our portfolio mainly MDI and silicones in North America, or we expect additional margin support from our local production. As significant Chinese oversupply has forced local markets to go long. Lastly, we have engaged in rigorous scenario planning to identify potential additional cost pressures and mitigation strategies. Altogether, our unmatched cost position and feedstock flexibility superior product mix, and geographic diversity are strong differentiators that give Dow a competitive edge today and throughout the cycle. Turning to Slide nine. The proof of Dow's competitive edge is in our annual benchmarking results. Our industry-leading feedstock flexibility translates to value, through our ethylene and propylene derivatives. This is coupled with our leading SAR deficiency and Dow's portfolio advantages which enable higher margins. This is clearly illustrated in terms of EBITDA per pound of polyolefins to pack which continues to deliver superior results versus competition. The breadth of our portfolio also stands out in downstream silicones, where we grew volume year-over-year in 2024 and outperformed peers on EBITDA growth. This is just one highlight from our annual benchmarking efforts, which we published on our investor website today. These results once again highlight Dow's performance relative to industry peers. We performed in line, or ahead of peers across more than 80% of the metrics we track most closely. This underscores the power of our competitive advantages and track record of solid execution in various market conditions. Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff who will provide an overview of the macros and our outlook.
Jeff Tate: Thank you, Karen, and good morning to everyone joining our call today. Moving to Slide 10. From a macroeconomic perspective, global demand remains well below historical average GDP levels. Recent disruption from tariffs has weighed on expectations for global economic growth, as it has on business and consumer sentiment. We are closely monitoring these factors as they're increasing the probability of a longer timeline to mid-cycle earnings. This vigilant monitoring is crucial as we navigate the fluctuating market conditions and ensure our actions are aligned with the evolving economic landscape. We still expect demand to be positive for the year, however, the impact from uncertain trade flows could create additional margin pressure for our portfolio. Most notably against the one area where we've seen resilience for some time, the North American consumer. Looking across our four market verticals, in packaging, domestic demand continues to grow in North America. Although as mentioned, we are closely monitoring it for changes due to growing inventory, and inflation. We are not seeing any significant pattern changes in Chinese economic activity, and we see continued softness in Europe. Dow's global footprint with low-cost assets in all regions should position us well to navigate current market dynamics. Across infrastructure markets, have yet to see any meaningful inflection in housing demand, including in China as well as Europe. In The US, mortgage rates remain high, resulting in subdued demand and the fourteenth consecutive year-over-year decline building permits in March. Increasing risk to the global economy including the potential for retaliatory tariffs between multiple countries, is also impacting consumer markets. In March, US consumer confidence declined to its lowest level in more than four years. And while retail sales were up in China, supported by government stimulus, prices have been deflationary for two consecutive months. And in mobility, higher tariffs are expected to create further affordability concerns in The US, although we saw a temporary spike in auto sales in March ahead of these implementations. In The EU, new car registrations in February are their largest year-over-year decline in six months. China auto sales benefited from government incentives and were up 8% year-over-year in March. Now turning to our outlook on Slide 11. In today's world, there's a high degree of uncertainty in the market. Which makes this a difficult quarter to project. Until negotiations on tariffs are finalized, we expect to see delays in both purchase and investment decisions from consumers, as well as corporations. Our outlook today is based on everything we have line of sight to. Understanding that we're operating through a very dynamic market and geopolitical times. Should we gain insights into substantial changes during the quarter, we're committed to maintaining transparency, and we'll provide timely updates accordingly. Before I get into the details by segment, let me share a couple of enterprise-level drivers. Our cost reduction actions will ramp as the second quarter progresses. Providing approximately $50 million of overall benefit versus the first quarter across all three operating segments. Additionally, we expect $50 million in sequential upside following recent winter storms. Primarily Enzo. That required us to proactively take units down, resulting in lost production. We will see start-up costs related to our incremental higher return growth projects in the second quarter as well as higher planned maintenance activity in packaging, and specialty plastics industrial intermediates and infrastructure. We expect these to be completed through the end of the second quarter creating an earnings tailwind in the third quarter. With our continued commitment to running our plants safely and reliably, we expect full-year plant maintenance activity to be roughly in line with 2024 levels. Next, I'll turn to our outlook and second-quarter guidance by segment. In packaging and specialty plastics, we expect sequential EBITDA to be approximately $50 million lower. This is primarily driven by higher planned maintenance activity and lower integrated margins including fewer merchant sales which we expect to be partly offset by the initial benefits of our cost reduction actions. In the industrial, intermediates, and infrastructure segment, we expect second-quarter EBITDA to be roughly flat with the first quarter. While we expect to see modest seasonal demand improvements and higher margins for MDI, some of this will be offset by lower anticipated pricing for MEG, driven by increased competition in Asia Pacific as naphtha prices come down with oil. In addition, we will have costs in the quarter related to a planned turnaround and the start-up costs associated with our new alkoxylation capacity Seadrift, Texas. This new capacity is one of the near-term growth investments we've spoken about and should support higher earnings beginning in the third quarter. And in the Performance Materials and Coatings segment, we expect higher sequential EBITDA. This will be driven by a $75 million benefit from seasonal demand improvements for coatings end markets. We also expect continued growth for downstream silicones where our current expectation is to deliver the seventh consecutive quarter of year-over-year volume growth. In summary, we expect second-quarter EBITDA to be roughly in line with first-quarter levels. We anticipate improved volumes primarily from seasonality and improved margins in certain product chains. With that, higher plant maintenance and one-time startup cost of our new assets are expected to be an offset. Now turning to Slide 12. Dow's commitment to financial discipline provides important flexibility in the midst of this low-growth environment, and increased macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainty. We've outlined today several proactive actions we're taking to effectively manage this extended down cycle. In total, we expect these actions to provide approximately $6 billion in near-term cash support. This includes our strategic infrastructure transaction, unique to DowCash levers, additional cost saving, and reduced CapEx. More specifically, our signed agreement with Macquarie Asset Management represents a strategic partnership that has been several years in the making. Dow's sale of a minority equity stake in select infrastructure asset is expected to generate $2.4 billion of initial cash proceeds with closing expected by May 1. Macquarie has the option to increase their stake 49% for an additional $600 million within six months of closing which would increase total cash proceeds to approximately $3 billion for Dow 2025. The newly formed infrastructure-focused company named Diamond Infrastructure Solutions is comprised of assets that support a wide range of services from energy and environmental, to infrastructure and pipeline for more than 70 long-standing customers. With improved operational efficiencies, we expect it will drive growth with new and existing customers while providing near-term financial flexibility for Dow. In addition, the Court of Kings Bench in Alberta, Canada issued a ruling awarding Dow additional compensation for damages incurred through 2018 related to the jointly owned ethylene asset with Nova Chemicals in Joffrey, Alberta, Canada. We expect the final resolution to come this year with cash proceeds exceeding $1 billion allowing Dow to recover costs from a decade-long legal process. And as Jim mentioned earlier, we now expect our total enterprise 2025 CapEx to be $2.5 billion a $1 billion reduction compared to our original plan of $3.5 billion. This new target builds on the approximately $400 million reduction that we announced in January. And lastly, we also announced in January that Dow would deliver at least $1 billion in targeted cost savings an annual run rate basis in response to the ongoing macroeconomic challenges. And we continue to push the number higher and faster. The cost savings actions aim to improve our margins, and long-term competitiveness across the economic cycle, and we expect approximately $50 million of end-period savings supporting the second quarter. As previously shared, we achieved the majority of these cost savings through a reduction in direct cost of 500 to $700 million. Primarily focused on purchase services, and third-party contract labor. We're also implementing a workforce reduction of 1,500 roles globally. Our collective actions to navigate the realities of the current macroeconomic environment and deliver $6 billion in cash support over the next two years, enable Dow to maintain our financial flexibility. Our balance sheet remains solid, with no substantive debt maturities due until 2027, Aligned to our debt towers, we also recently completed some debt-neutral liability management to take advantage of tight spreads, and extend our maturities at lower rates. We will continue to seek options where Dow can proactively take action to improve our capital structure through this type of activity or derisking as we've done in the past. We remain focused on delivering on our balanced capital allocation approach over the cycle. We will continue our practice of managing Dow's capital structure and priorities in order to better position the company to create additional shareholder value. Now I'll turn the call back over to Jim to close things out.
Jim Fitterling: Closing on slide 13. As our industry weathers the current challenging conditions, we're executing several proactive and decisive actions to improve margins support near-term cash flow, and optimize our global portfolio. We're doing so today in a manner that is consistent with our best owner mindset and a balanced capital allocation approach. Our purpose-built asset footprint and our low-cost feedstock positions primarily in The Americas and The Middle East, create a meaningful cost advantage for Dow and provide industry-leading flexibility to navigate global trade dynamics. We're focused on improving our margins by reducing our spending and matching regional supply to profitable demand. As we've outlined throughout today's call, we have line of sight to $6 billion in near-term cash flow improvement. Including completing the launch of Diamond Infrastructure Solutions our strategic and growth-focused transaction with Macquarie, for up to $3 billion. Receiving proceeds from the NOVA judgment which is expected to be more than $1 billion, delivering at least $1 billion in cost savings by 2026 delaying construction at our path to zero project in Fort Saskatchewan, to align with market realities which will result in reducing our total 2025 enterprise CapEx by approximately $1 billion and expanding the scope of our strategic review of our polyurethanes asset in Europe by identifying three additional assets that we expect to idle or shut down in the region. In addition, are nearing the completion of our higher return incremental growth investments in regions where we have energy and feedstock advantages. Three of these projects one in packaging and specialty plastics, and two in industrial solutions, will begin to come online at the end of the second quarter and show benefit in the third quarter and beyond. The Dow team is closely monitoring the current uncertain macro environment and we're taking the necessary actions to further improve our competitive position including looking for additional ways to reduce costs, and increase our competitiveness. Our near-term strategic priorities are focused on navigating the challenges our industry is facing. By delaying the Alberta project, maintaining financial flexibility, protecting our balance sheet, rationalizing assets in high-cost regions, reducing costs, and focusing on profitable growth, we are positioning Dow for long-term success through the cycle. With that, I'll turn it back to Andrew to get us started on the Q and A.
Andrew Riker: Thank you, Jim. Now let's move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q and A.
Operator: Please provide the Q and A instructions. As a reminder, if you would like to ask a question, please press star followed by the number one on your telephone keypad. Your first question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Jim, I'd like to ask you on Alberta. To contextualize a couple of things. First, you noted in your prepared remarks a lower for longer environment. So I'm curious if the board came to that conclusion sort of before or after April 2. And sort of as a follow-up to that, when you talk about taking the delay on Alberta off when market conditions improve, how would you define market conditions improving? Is that a function of where spreads are? Is it a function of your S and D outlook? Is it a function of oil prices? What are the sort of KPIs you're looking for there?
Jim Fitterling: Morning, Vincent. Thank you. Good question. Yeah. So when we look at the market outlook, our original plan for Alberta was to come up in two phases. First phase of 2027, second phase of 2029. And our view had been that we would be seeing a cycle recovery when that first phase come up. I think with the situation that we're in now, with the uncertainty around where tariffs are gonna land, with the impact that's having on demand, that's driving our lower for longer outlook on the environment. And we're at a point right now where we can make this decision to have minimal impact on the project. So we've done a lot of groundwork. We're finishing our engineering work. We've got our long lead time items ordered. We can pause now before we have a big ramp up in labor in the field. And then we can push some of that work out until we see how things land with tariffs. So we're gonna revisit it on a regular basis. I'd say we won't revisit it until or the end of this year. Trying to make a call if wrapping up next year is the right answer or if we wait after that. But I'd say we have to start seeing things moving up, and the supply-demand balance is tightening up a bit. And understand how the supply chains are gonna work as we adjust to this tariff environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Sison with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Mike Sison: Hey. Good morning. I know it's difficult to give an outlook for the full year, but if you're gonna do one eight, one nine or so in the first half, you know, how could EBITDA get better in the second half? I know you have some cost savings. You know, maybe talk about what volumes, what demand environment could be worse, could be better, but what could happen in general to have a better second half EBITDA than the first half? Directionally?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Michael. Another good question. So I mentioned on the call that we have obviously three projects that are completing in the second half of the second quarter. And so those will start to be accretive third quarter, fourth quarter. Capacity and packaging and specialty plastics. And also two additions in industrial solutions. And both of those are going into markets where we have a need for those products. And so I think you'll start to see that come through. One of the pressures we saw in the first quarter was the fact that all the input costs were higher than we'd because of the winter weather. And the drawdown on inventories. We're starting to see that normalize in the second quarter, which you would assume. So I think you're gonna see some energy cost advantages roll through the back half of the year. I would assume, you know, next winter, depending on what the weather forecast looks like, we're gonna see the same pattern again. We're gonna have cost reductions. We've got $50 million of cost reductions coming in the second quarter. Our target for the year is $300 million. Karen continues to push for more and faster. But you're gonna start to see that ramp up to where we get to the run rate for next year, which is full billion dollars. So that's gonna step in. And then the wildcard, I would say, is having some visibility to where the supply chains are land. We have an advantage in that we have footprint Canada, US, Argentina, Middle East. We have the ability to flex the supply chain and to mitigate tariff impacts on where we export our materials. So it's very positive. We also have the advantage that greater than 95% of everything we move between The United States and Canada is USMCA compliant. So I think those things will have a positive impact. But we just need a little bit better clarity on where these tariffs land and what that impact is on overall demand.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. Jim, on the issue of tariffs, how are you thinking about the impact of the Chinese tariffs on imported U.S. Polyethylene and how that might impact domestic polyethylene prices going forward if we do lose that export market for US-produced polyethylene? Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: Morning, David. Take a shot at that, and then I'll maybe ask Karen to comment on some of the things that we're doing. That's, I think, the big question is all trade, you know, not just polyethylene, but all trade between US, China, where is that gonna land? Have a very active tariff and trade team that is engaged on all sides of that. And, of course, a lot comes down to what's gonna be on an exemption list, and what isn't gonna be on an exemption list. So we're optimistic that some discussions will start, and we'll get some clarity around that as the quarter develops. In the meantime, we're doing things that we need to do to flex that supply chain. You wanna speak to that, Karen?
Karen S. Carter: Yeah. Sure. I mean, we are well on our way on reconfiguring our supply chain. The team has been working since really, you know, the middle of the first quarter. On this. And so we are able to export quite a bit more product out of Canada. And then, of course, in The United States, our low-cost position enables us to produce for the local demand. As a matter of fact, the growth project that Jim alluded to, Poly seven, that's going to start up in the second quarter is going to provide us even more flexibility to supply even more of that U.S. demand right here. And then, of course, we've got, you know, four on four continents sprayed a polyethylene production. So think about The Middle East as well. As an opportunity for us to supply demand around the world but also direct in China. So we are well positioned. We feel good about where we are. And able to mitigate the tariffs directly. But, again, I just wanna reiterate that the indirect impact is really the biggest concern on overall demand. So we'll continue to watch that as we go forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Parkinson with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Chris Parkinson: Thank you so much for taking my question. So on one hand, the China situation, so a corollary of Dave's question. On one hand, you know, one could argue that the current situation could potentially incentivize the Chinese to further let's say, you know, push a little bit harder in domestic capacity over the intermediate to long term. And on the other hand, in the near term, there's been a lot of debate about Chinese, you know, NGL imports, you know, given that's where a decent amount of their capacity has also been growing and there's a debate on, obviously, the feedstock side of it. So, you know, as far as Dow's view, understanding there are various scenarios here, how would Dow come out in terms of, like, those two, you know, the facets that we're all kind of pondering these days?
Jim Fitterling: Yeah. Good question, Chris. Let me I'll start with the second half of that first. I think the NGL imports into China, if you look at that today, you have to look at the context of what's happened with oil price. So I would say the advantage right now would be oil. And using naphtha in China. If once you look at NGL price here exported landed in China, converted to ethylene, you've really driven up the cost of the ethylene. So that's not gonna be a very competitive position. Think they're gonna have better options there. I think on the other hand, in terms of incentivized to make more capacity, a lot really is going to depend on grades of product. I think our experience is we haven't looked at moving commodity grades of polyethylene into China for quite some time. We move more specialized grades in, so I think there's a limit to the ability to be able to produce that in the country. There's also a need for those materials to make the finished products that they have to export around the world. And so this is a balance between, you know, being able to have access at a reasonable cost to the things that they need to be able to produce finished goods for their own export demand or which is global demand, not just US demand. And that's the thing people are trying to navigate right now. The domestic outlook in China isn't really driving any big support for additional capacity to be added. It's moderate at best. And so, you know, there's not a big consumer-driven uptick in China. So I think we continue to watch those two angles that you talked about. And try to see where that's gonna land.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Spector with UBS. Please go ahead.
Chris Perella: Hi. Good morning. It's Chris Perella on for Josh. Could you go in a little more detail about the moving parts of II and I and its outlook for the second half of the year? I know there's some projects coming online, but underlying weakness there and what's, you know, how does that play into the strategic review of the business as well?
Jim Fitterling: I think the biggest pressures on II and I in the first quarter really were related to pricing pressures because demand is slow. And higher energy costs both in The United States and Europe. The energy costs, as I've said, are moderating. Maybe ask Karen to give a little bit of color on the outlook and what we see happening in II and I.
Karen S. Carter: Yeah. Thanks for the question. I mean, if you talk about it from a polyurethane perspective in particular, we expect the challenging macro to continue. I mean, think about soft demand on durables. Automotive, you know, that's a direct impact to us as well. Automotive growth is slowing. You also see the EV transition starting to slow as well, and particularly in North America and in Europe. And tariffs, should, however, provide support for selected US-produced products. You mentioned this earlier before, like MDI, where, of course, the global market has suffered from Chinese oversupply. And so, you know, that could provide a bit of a tailwind, but the headline really on the outlook for polyurethanes and construction chemical is that we'll continue to lean into a pretty challenging macro. Let me switch quickly into our industrial solutions business because there, although we are seeing softening demand, we are seeing awful pockets of stability. Markets like energy, home care, and pharma end markets. Data centers, an example, is a significant growth opportunity for us, and our solutions there are used in things like thermal management. I do just, though, just wanna double down the new asset that we're gonna start up there here in the second quarter. In The U.S. For new alkoxylation capacity. That unit is going to focus on growth and attractive end markets for us. So home and personal care and pharma. And, really, the good news around that asset is about 50% of that capacity is already contracted for. We expect that to provide us with a tailwind going into the second half.
Jim Fitterling: On the question about portfolio, Chris, we're gonna come back at the end of the quarter with some guidance on where we think the best option is for those European assets, that polyurethanes enterprise. I think, you know, one thing to remember is we have low-cost positions there. We have some very strategic positions. And full integration for that whole polyurethanes chain. So that's gonna be the result of just looking at what we think the best option is in the marketplace.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. On slide 15, you say that your expected corporate expense for the year is $3.20? And I think your corporate expense was $33 million in the first quarter. So you're annualizing at $1.30. Why is that number $3.20? Second, cash flow from operations was $90 million in the quarter. And you did have a working capital increase. But the cash flows were low. So what's the cash flow that you expect in the second quarter? You know, is it low, or is there something that's unusually depressing things? And then lastly, what do you do about your agreement with Linde? You know, that's a $2 billion outlay that they would make. Do you have to take a charge to settle that? Or and if it is, is it large? Is it small? Can you fill us in on some of those issues?
Jim Fitterling: Morning, Jeff. Let me take the last question, and I'll ask Jeff to cover the first two. On Linde, have had contact with Linde and we have a contract that covers that. And so a lot of that is gonna depend on the length of the delay. And so we're in active engagement with them, and the answer to your question is I don't expect that we'll have to take a charge right now in order to do that. Jeff, you wanna comment on the first two?
Jeff Tate: Sure. Good morning, Jeff. First, on the corporate segment, you're right. It is seasonally lower in 1Q. We had some credits that we would not expect to occur in the second quarter or beyond, Jeff. You know? And as a reminder, there are a number of different activities that take place in our corporate segment, whether it be related to the bench general operations, some of our financial assets, gain and losses, as well as some of our nonbusiness aligned litigation and severance costs associated with some of our programs. So there are a number of different puts and takes that we will have from one period to the next that can create a somewhat of a level of volatility. But the guide that we're providing right now, I would say, would be what we would expect for the full year. In the corporate segment. Moving to your second point around cash flow. For the first quarter, we did have our use of cash from a net working capital which is typically the case in the first quarter. We would normally have that as we look at the seasonal build for higher sales for the quarter as well as preparing for our planned maintenance activity. That we'll have not only in the first quarter, but also we'll expect to have in the second quarter. So that creates some level of additional use of cash. Between those two quarters, but I also would recognize that our cash conversion cycle continues to be, you know, eight days of improvement versus pre-COVID levels. And from a liquidity standpoint, we're still in a really good position at well over $11 billion. At this time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Blair with Tudor Pickering. Please go ahead.
Matthew Blair: Thank you, and good morning. I was hoping you could expand a little bit more on how you're thinking of the security of the dividend. In this environment. You know, you have $4 billion of extra cash coming in this year. You're implementing some cost reductions. You've also reduced your spending for the year. Does that make the dividend secure for this year and probably next? And then after that, we'll have to see? Or are you thinking about it differently? Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: Yeah. Good morning, Matthew. You know, I'm tracking dividend yield is something that's always been a priority for Dow. We're well aware of the pressures of the current environment, places on the capital structure certainly, the $6 billion in the near term. And of that $6 billion, as Jeff mentioned earlier, the vast majority of that will come in in 2025. That will help support the dividend. But as the macro evolves, we'll have to continue to monitor and act in alignment with our capital allocation framework. As you know, from the quarter, we're going every lever we can to manage cash through a difficult time. And I think we'll have better certainty once we see how tariffs are gonna settle out. We're just in an environment right now where in the marketplace, if you look at downstream demand, it doesn't matter if it's a consumer or one of our customers or somebody in the b-to-b world. They're all just kind of taking a wait-and-see approach. And that has an impact on what we think the long term is gonna look like. I'm hopeful that we get some better clarity before the end of the quarter when this ninety-day pause ends. That'll help us a lot be able to have better visibility.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Hassan Ahmed with Alembic Global. Please go ahead.
Hassan Ahmed: Morning, Jim. You know, I just wanted to revisit the Chinese sort of feedstock imports. From The US in particular. I mean, if we could get a little more granular about things. I mean, if I take a look at ethane, it seems over 90% of the ethane that the Chinese import is from The US. And, you know, call it almost half of their LPG. Imports come from The US as well. So when I sort of drill that down, at a cracker level, you know, thinking about the ethylene polyethylene facilities over there, certainly, the ethane-based facilities, you know, in the current tariff regime, would need to shut. And then certain LPG facilities, would need to shut as well. So, you know, I totally understand that it's a wait and see right now in terms of what happens after the ninety-day pause. But if there is some semblance of a continuation, maybe at 30, 40, 50% of these tariffs, how do you see the Chinese react to that sort of a tariff regime? Would they continue those running those facilities? Would some of them just shutter? I mean, I'm and I guess part of the broader question is, will we start seeing a more aggressive rationalization globally?
Jim Fitterling: I think the line of reasoning, Hassan, that you have is similar to the way that we look at it. I mean, you have to look at, you know, the landed cost and then the ability to reexport. I think the challenge is, you know, with oil coming down, obviously, you've got some different dynamics there as well. But there is pressure. And currently, those assets are operating at negative cash margins. So, you know, you would have to see some activity, you would think, in that area. I think it's fundamentally one of the reasons that, you know, there's pressure on these tariffs and this tariff discussion right now. Is it's not a fair and not a level playing field. And so that's the way we viewed it. We're seeing that pressure, you know, come into other markets now. And so we have to see that resolved. I think over time, you're still gonna have an advantage in The US Gulf Coast and in Canada and in Argentina. Where you have those domestic supplies, and they're continuing to grow. The LNG exports are gonna continue to grow. The amount of ethane that's available here and the amount of propane that's available here. That's an advantage to us. I think the big question mark is where's the demand? And right now, all this activity on tariffs is just stifling the demand.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes. Good morning, and thank you. Jim, I was wondering if you could speak to a few related questions on the subject of Europe. First would be, can you elaborate on how and why, I guess, you've expanded your scope of strategic review there with emphasis on polyurethanes. And then secondly, on slide four, I think you referenced idling or shutdown. For a few different assets there. So what will inform those decisions? And then more broadly and lastly, Dow is not alone. Right? We've seen so many other announcements of capacity rationalizations recently from Total in Belgium, but versus sale, Sabik, ExxonMobil. As I add these up, you know, we're now in the teens. In terms of percentage destruction of ethylene capacity in the European region. And so I'd welcome your thoughts on that. Are we nearing stability looking out a year or two, or how do you view that?
Jim Fitterling: Morning, Kevin. How and why we expanded the scope Polyurethanes, we looked at the region and felt there was a better owner, and so that's the work that we're gonna complete, by the end of the quarter. And I think there's an opportunity there. In terms of ethylene and look at siloxanes and what has happened around the world and then chlor-alkali chlor-vinyl. These all require energy cost competitiveness, which is gone in Europe. They require downstream demand. Downstream demand in Europe is still 20% below pre-COVID levels. I structurally can't imagine that coming back. We're starting to see continued pressure on downstream customers. We heard it in the automotive sector. That has a knock-on effect too. Other big industries that we sell to. The things that are holding up relatively well are packaging, and the consumer goods there. A little bit as well on some of the durable goods, not, you know, durable goods like appliances and a few other things that are under some pressure. But there's still some base business there. So I think these moves, I agree with you, we're into the teens. Probably headed towards 20% of that capacity coming out on ethylene. I think that probably gets us more much more balanced. Our announcement in siloxanes takes about 200 kt of siloxanes capacity out. There's a fair amount of length there, but I think that brings a balance. It really allows us to focus very on specialties. Which have been growing and doing well but that's all been masked by the pressure. On siloxane. And why idle or shut down? We just have to work through the cost. And the trade-offs of the two and make sure we make a move that we would regret longer term. I'll share a story that goes back to before the shale gas days. You've been around for a long time. You remember a lot of stuff. Before shale gas days, we were approaching a big capital expenditure for a lifetime extension down at our Saint Charles crackers. And we just couldn't afford to do it. You know, natural gas, I think, costs were relatively high. And we had the same decision. Do we idle it, or do we shut it down? And we decided to idle it and idle it in a way that if the market changed, we could come back and we could do the enhancements and the lifetime extension at that time. Shale gas happened. A couple of years later. And the market changed dramatically. The first project off the ranks was a rehab project on the Saint Charles cracker. And it was immediately accretive, and it's run-in been positive ever since. We know what we know, and there are sometimes things that we don't know. And that's the real crux of making a good strategic decision here on whether it's idle or shut down.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Frank Mitsch with Fermium Research. Please go ahead.
Frank Mitsch: Hey, good morning. A couple one follow-up and then question. A follow-up talking about cash flow. Since you're guiding to similar EBITDA in 2Q relative to 1Q, I was wondering if you could comment on the free cash flow expectations for 2Q relative to negative five eighty for January. And then, among the biggest positives for the second quarter relative to the first quarter, pertains to downstream siloxanes. Was wondering if you could and then you also mentioned that the Chinese market is still very much in oversupply. So I was wondering if you could provide some insights into the profitability trends that you're seeing in siloxanes in the first quarter and, and so far, here in the second quarter. Thank you.
Jeff Tate: Yeah. Good morning, Frank. Just a couple of comments I'd make on two cash flow. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we do expect the infrastructure asset transaction to close on May 1. So we'll have approximately $2.4 billion of cash that we would expect to come in during the quarter. In relation to, you know, working capital, we would expect to see similar types of uses of cash in February. As we continue to have a heavy turnaround season in the quarter as well. So pretty similar in terms of the cash from operations, but as you start to get deeper into the bridge around getting through, you know, the full cash flow performance, you know, expect to get that $2.4 billion coming in around the Macquarie Asset Management transaction.
Karen S. Carter: So maybe I'll just quickly comment on silicones because that, for sure, has been a bright spot for us even going back to the first quarter. You know, we continue to see growth downstream, and particularly in consumer electronics. Application. That, of course, go into data centers, but also AIoT, of course, are the artificial intelligence sustains applications. And we continue to see that coming into the tech quarter. I mean, if I look ahead, you know, we'll continue to see that downstream growth. Also, some of the seasonal uplift that we normally get may be a bit muted by tariffs. But overall, the trend is still low. I will also, you know, just indicate that the announcement on the upstream siloxane is going to bring us back into better balance. And so we really look forward to continuing to leaning into downstream.
Jim Fitterling: I think on siloxanes, Frank, we've seen obviously, some positive pricing moves from the first quarter going into the second quarter here. And North America and Asia demand for the downstream as well as the siloxanes product is still good. Europe, the driver for demand there is mostly specialty silicones going into health, personal care, some into the automotive sector. As well. So they don't have as many upside drivers to demand there. And that kinda gets back to our decision on the Berry side.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Andrew Riker for closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Andrew Riker: Thank you, everyone, for joining our call, and we appreciate your interest in Dow. For your reference, a copy of her transcript will be posted on Dow's website within forty-eight hours. This concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-30 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Dow Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn it over to Dow Investor Relations Vice President, Andrew Riker. Mr. Riker, you may begin.
Andrew Riker: Good morning. Thank you for joining today. The accompanying slides are provided through this webcast and posted on our website. I am Andrew Riker, Dow's Investor Relations Vice President. Leading today's call are Jim Fitterling, Chair and Chief Executive Officer; Jeff Tate, Chief Financial Officer, and Dow's recently appointed Chief Operating Officer, Karen S. Carter. Please note, our comments contain forward-looking statements and are subject to the related cautionary statement contained in the earnings news release and slides. Please refer to our public filings for further information about principal risk and uncertainties. Unless otherwise specified, all financials, where applicable, exclude significant items. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in the earnings news release that is posted on our website. On Slide 2 is our agenda for today's call. Jim will review our fourth quarter and full year results; Karen will provide an overview of our operating segment performance; and Jeff will share an update on the macroeconomic environment and our modeling guidance for the first quarter. Jim will then provide details on the intentional actions Dow is taking to navigate the prolonged economic downturn and close out the call. Following that, we will take your questions. Now, let me turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Fitterling: Thank you, Andrew. Beginning on Slide 3, there's a lot to unpack in our results this quarter, so let me first walk through the headlines. In the fourth quarter, Team Dow delivered our fifth consecutive quarter of year-over-year volume growth despite continued weak macroeconomic conditions. Net sales were $10.4 billion, which is down 2% versus the year ago period, and reflects pricing pressure seen across the industry in the quarter. Local price was down 3% year-over-year and sequentially with declines across all our operating segments. Operating EBITDA was $1.2 billion, which is approximately flat compared to the same period last year. Cash flow from continuing operations was $811 million, resulting in free cash flow of $44 million. Returns to shareholders totaled $492 million of dividends in the quarter, and our total CapEx spend was $767 million. As you saw in our numbers this quarter, we also had a non-cash tax adjustment impacting net income and EPS. Jeff will provide more details on that later in this call. Throughout the quarter, we announced additional actions that continued to support the optimization of our global portfolio for growth, while maintaining a best owner mindset. For example, we continued to ramp up operating rates at our Texas-8 cracker and Glycol 2 unit. We completed the sale of our flexible packaging laminating adhesive business to Arkema for an enterprise value of approximately $150 million. And we've designed a definitive agreement with Macquarie Asset Management for the sale of a minority stake in select U.S. Gulf Coast infrastructure assets for which we expect to receive cash proceeds of up to $3 billion. And driven by persistently weak global macroeconomic conditions, we announced a strategic review of select European assets, primarily in our polyurethanes business, where demand has been structurally challenged over the past five years, making it the highest cost region for several of our key businesses. We are also postponing a maintenance turnaround at one of our ethylene crackers in Europe. This decision will result in us idling this asset starting in second quarter until market dynamics improve. And today we announced targeted actions to reduce our costs by $1 billion and our CapEx by $300 million to $500 million. Collectively, the additional actions are focused on reinforcing our long-term competitiveness as we continue to navigate this prolonged economic downturn. Turning to Slide 4. In 2024, Team Dow continued to advance both our near-term priorities and our long-term strategy to become a stronger, more innovative company. We delivered net sales of $43 billion, operating EBIT of $2.6 billion, and year-over-year volume growth of 3%, excluding merchant hydrocarbon sales. Earlier in 2024, we began construction at our Path2Zero investment in Fort Saskatchewan, Alberta. When complete, the project is expected to generate approximately $1 billion in incremental EBITDA annually by 2030. Dow is also recognized externally through industry-leading awards and certifications. Last year, we earned 12 Edison Awards for Innovation and Great Place to Work and Fortune, named out as one of the top 25 world's best workplaces. Team Dow navigated several challenges over the past year, including weather-related and supply chain disruptions, and continued uncertainty in many regions and markets that we serve. And in response to evolving market dynamics and sluggish demand recovery in Europe, we demonstrated our best owner mindset with more than 20 proactive actions to address higher cost assets. I remain confident in our company's ability to foster a sustainable future, achieve long-term profitable growth, and enhance shareholder returns. Now, I'm pleased to turn it over to Karen S. Carter, Dow's Chief Operating Officer, who will provide an overview of our operating segment performance on Slide 5.
Karen S. Carter: Thank you, Jim. I'm pleased to join you all today. And before I begin, I'd like to mention what an honor it is to be named Dow's Chief Operating Officer. I look forward to engaging with many of you, our owners, in the near future. In my more than 30 years at Dow, I have progressed through the organization to most recently leading PNSP, the company's largest operating segment. And I have worked across a broad range of businesses and functions, including global leadership positions within the building and construction and consumer electronics and markets, as well as Dow's polyethylene franchise. This has given me a deep appreciation for our company's competitive advantages, the strength of our innovation engine, and our commitment to delivering profitable growth. As COO, my priorities are to further strengthen our customer engagement, accelerate the commercialization of Dow's innovation pipeline, and enhance reliability and productivity. I am committed to driving business and operational results, while progressing our strategic priorities to deliver long-term value for our shareholders. Now, let's move to our operating segment results. In the Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment, we entered the fourth quarter with a challenging backdrop of ample industry supply, high feedstock costs and a typical seasonal slowdown in demand. Segment results reflected a decrease in local price both year-over-year and sequentially. This was primarily driven by lower functional polymers and polyethylene prices as a result of the October price decline reflected in the market indices and other competitive price pressures throughout the quarter. Despite higher demand for flexible food and specialty packaging in all regions except Latin-America, volume for this segment was down 1% year-over-year. This was primarily driven by lower third-party hydrocarbon sales and non-recurring licensing revenue. Operating EBIT was $447 million, a decrease of $217 million compared to the year-ago period. This was primarily driven by lower integrated margins and licensing revenue. Moving to the Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure segment. We benefited from strong global energy demand, as well as stable consumer and pharma demand. We also experienced typical seasonal improvements for deicing, while agricultural and coatings applications saw normal seasonal declines. Looking at fourth quarter results, local price declined 1% year-over-year, while volume was up 1% year-over-year. This was driven by improved supply availability in our Industrial Solutions business as we finished ramping-up our Glycol-2 unit ahead of schedule. Those gains were partly offset by continued softness in the Polyurethanes and Construction Chemicals business. Operating EBIT for the segment increased $69 million versus the year-ago period. Results were primarily driven by higher operating rates and improved supply availability in the Industrial Solutions business. And in the Performance Materials & Coating segment, volume was up 5% with strong gains across both architectural coatings and downstream silicones. We achieved this despite global weakness in building and construction end-markets as high-interest rates continue to pressure spending in residential markets. Operating EBIT increased $52 million compared to the year-ago period, driven by volume gains and lower fixed costs. Now, I'll turn the call over to Jeff, who will provide an overview of the macros and our outlook.
Jeff Tate: Thank you, Karen, and good morning to everyone joining our call today. Moving to Slide 6. While global GDP is expected to grow at similar levels to 2024, recent economic activity is primarily being led by the strength in service-related sectors. In contrast, global manufacturing PMI is at contractionary levels with output and new orders declining in December. Ongoing affordability challenges also continue to pressure spending in housing and durable goods sectors. These dynamics have created a two-speed economy and we continue to monitor key indicators for signs of positive inflection in more challenged end-markets. Notably, this includes the pace of interest rate cuts in the US and Europe and recent stimulus actions in China for any impacts on inflation as well as end-market demand. In addition, we are watching for any impacts from ongoing geopolitical volatility, including potential tariffs. Now looking across our four market verticals, in packaging, we continue to see demand growth, especially in North America with resilient domestic and export polyethylene demand throughout the year. In China, manufacturing activity remains tepid and overall demand in Europe continues to be soft. Infrastructure demand remains weak globally, particularly in residential construction. In the US, mortgage rates are now back up above 7%, representing the highest level since May despite lower Fed interest rates. This is driving ongoing affordability issues with US building permits remaining below their three-year average. China new-home prices also declined year-over-year for the 18th consecutive month. Consumer spending continues to be constrained by persistent inflation in the US and Europe with consumer confidence levels declining in December. In China, overall retail sales were up in December, although year-over-year growth in furniture sales decelerated from the prior month. And in mobility, higher auto sales in the US and China were driven by discounts to clear elevated inventories and government stimulus actions, respectively. We also saw new car registrations in the EU decline 13% in the second half of 2024 compared to the first half of the year. Now turning to our outlook on Slide 7. We expect first quarter earnings to be approximately $1 billion, down $200 million quarter-over-quarter. This is largely due to higher anticipated feedstock costs, which have increased due to the severe cold snap. We expect this to pressure margins as we start the quarter. We will also have higher plant maintenance activity in the first quarter across our three operating segments, but expect full-year plant maintenance activity to be roughly in-line with the prior year. In addition, we anticipate our operational tax-rate to be in the range of 25% to 29%, in-line with our historical rates. This reflects an improvement versus the fourth quarter, which was elevated largely due to higher than expected non-cash tax adjustments. These tax items were primarily related to Argentina, which was amplified by inflation. Audit remeasurements and currency were also drivers for the fourth quarter tax-rate. Next, I'll turn to our outlook and first-quarter guidance by segment. In Packaging & Specialty Plastics, we expect higher feedstocks and energy costs to outpace price increases from a timing perspective in the quarter. As a result, global integrated margins are expected to be lower sequentially. In addition, we anticipate headwinds of approximately $50 million from higher planned maintenance activity, primarily along the US Gulf Coast. In the Industrial, Intermediates & Infrastructure segment, we anticipate lower margins in our polyurethanes business from higher energy costs as well as lower catalyst sales in our Industrial Solutions business. In the quarter, we have planned maintenance activity scheduled at our ethylene oxide asset in [Freeport] (ph), Texas, which will enable the start-up of additional alkoxylation capacity in the US Gulf Coast. This new capacity is one of the near-term growth investments we outlined at our last Investor Day and should support higher sales beginning in the second-quarter. And in the Performance Materials & Coating segment, building and construction end-markets remain soft with high mortgage rates in the US and sector weakness in China continuing to weigh on demand. However, we expect the seasonal demand uptick in first quarter to provide a tailwind of approximately $75 million. In addition, our regular yearly maintenance at our monomers assets in the US Gulf Coast is expected to be a sequential headwind of approximately $25 million. On a final note, last week the US Gulf Coast was impacted by a powerful winter storm. Our manufacturing sites have managed well, but we continue to monitor any further developments both at our sites, as well as across the industry. The current guidance does not include any impact favorable or unfavorable stemming from the storm. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Jim.
Jim Fitterling: Thank you, Jeff. On Slide 8, in the midst of the prolonged downturn and slower-than-expected economic recovery that our industry is experiencing. Now it's taking several key actions to further reduce our costs and reinforce our long-term competitiveness through the economic cycle. First and foremost, we're taking additional targeted actions aimed at improving our margins. We announced today that we will implement cost reductions of $1 billion on an annual run-rate basis by 2026. These actions will be primarily focused on third-party contract labor and purchase services. In addition, we are targeting the elimination of approximately 1,500 Dow roles. Last quarter, we announced that we would kick-off a strategic evaluation of our European asset footprint, and we're on-track to provide an update on this work by mid-2025. Lastly, as we complete our in-flight higher return growth projects this year, we're also taking actions to preserve our strong financial foundation. We intend to recalibrate our CapEx deployment to match the current demand and macroeconomic conditions and we'll do so by reducing our 2025 spending by $300 million to $500 million compared to our previously disclosed target of $3.5 billion. We will keep CapEx spending roughly at these levels until we see a clear recovery materialize across broad portions of the end-markets that we serve. Turning to Slide 9. We continue our ongoing practice of reviewing our global portfolio. Last month, Dow entered into a definitive agreement to sell 40% equity stake in select infrastructure assets to Macquarie Asset Management, a leading global infrastructure investor. We anticipate the transaction will close by mid-2025. This newly formed infrastructure-focused company named Diamond Infrastructure Solutions is comprised of assets that support a wide range of services at five of Dow's manufacturing sites along the US Gulf Coast. The new company will operate within Dow and has a dedicated management team with priorities in support of Diamond Infrastructure Solutions strategy. Importantly, Dow will maintain operational control to ensure our standards for safe and reliable operations are upheld. This transaction is expected to generate approximately $2.4 billion of initial cash proceeds for Dow. Macquarie Asset Management has the option to increase their minority equity stake to 49% within six months of closing, which would increase cash proceeds to approximately $3 billion for Dow if exercised. The long-term partnership leverages Dow's operational excellence and Macquarie Asset Management's world leading infrastructure positions to generate incremental operational efficiencies, as well as future growth opportunities with existing and new customers. With enhanced financial flexibility from this partnership, Dow is in a strong position to continue to invest in growth and deliver enhanced returns to our shareholders, particularly as market conditions improve. Closing on Slide 10, as we navigate a challenging near-term environment, we are committed to a disciplined and balanced approach to delivering our cash and capital allocation priorities. Our ability to proactively manage in an extended economic downturn will position Dow well for long-term success. As I mentioned earlier, last week we postponed a maintenance turnaround at one of our ethylene crackers in Europe. This decision will result in us idling this asset starting in second quarter until market dynamics improve. This reduction in planned turnaround spending will keep 2025 turnaround spending levels in-line with the prior year. We will continue to match supply with profitable demand until margins improve. We continue to take proactive strategic actions to optimize our global footprint, drive operational performance and reduce our costs and capital expenditures. In 2025, our additional cost actions and reduced CapEx spending will help us to enhance near-term cash-flow, margins and earnings growth, while remaining committed to our long-term strategic priorities. In addition, our signed agreement with Macquarie Asset Management further strengthens Dow's financial flexibility and the potential to generate up to $3 billion in cash proceeds in 2025. This transaction is consistent with Dow's best owner mindset and track-record of delivering unique to Dow cash-flow levers to mitigate cyclical volatility. We're optimistic that we will continue to see demand growth in attractive end-markets such as packaging, energy and electronics. And once completed, our near-term growth investments, representing higher-return and quicker payback projects will enable improved underlying earnings and margins across the cycle. With a differentiated portfolio and proactive actions to support our solid financial foundation, we are confident in our ability to deliver on all of our capital allocation priorities, including our industry-leading dividend. At the same time, we will continue to maintain our focus on operating and financial discipline to drive long-term shareholder value to ensure that we remain well-positioned for the cycle recovery. With that, I'll turn it back to Andrew to get us started with the Q&A.
Andrew Riker: Thank you, Jim. Now let's move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin our question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]
Jim Fitterling: Just before we get to the first question, I wanted to make a few brief comments about the tragic incident that occurred near Washington, DC. Last night. We were saddened by the news of yesterday evening's passenger plane crash. As a company with values centered on people, our hearts are heavy for all those who have been affected by these tragic event. Our thoughts and deepest sympathies are with the passengers, crew members and their families during this incredibly difficult time. Operator, do we have the first question?
Operator: Yes, Mr. Fitterling, your first question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you and good morning. Jim, if I could just ask you to revisit the three bridge items we talked about on the last call, one of which was sort of operating rate or macro improvement. The second was on the year-over-year delta and planned maintenance, which sounds like is going to be neutral now. And then third was just sort of the startup of Dow projects that were going to contribute. So if you could just update us on where you see those for 2025 at this point? Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Vince. Thank you. Both on operating rate, I would say in fourth quarter, we saw some improvements in overall company operating rate, but on industry operating rate we're still not in an expansionary level yet. Europe has been a big weight on that. Europe continues to be for the industry, about 20% below pre-COVID levels across the board. And if you get into other sectors like housing related polyurethanes, it can even be lower than that. I'd say the operating rates in the Americas continue to be relatively strong. So you're talking about high 80s, low-90s percent types of operating rates. The ethylene chain stronger than the propylene chain, housing and automotive drive a lot in the propylene chain and downstream silicone is obviously doing better than siloxane. So siloxane rates are a drag on it, mainly from capacity adds in China. Year-over-year, we've trimmed things. Obviously, it won't show-up in first-quarter, but we're targeting to be flat year-over-year on turnarounds and that was a big part of the decision to defer the maintenance on one of the crackers in Europe. Probably people don't realize that we have kind of an integration between [indiscernible]. And so in addition to managing the ethylene part of the chain, we have to balance propylene part of the chain as well. And so deferring that maintenance will allow us to save some costs this year. It will also tighten up things from a balanced standpoint around the region. So we think that will be a net positive. And then the startup of the Dow projects in this year, we have several projects that are in-flight. We have projects in polyethylene, which are on-track to start-up by the middle of the year. We have a couple of projects in Industrial Solutions that are on-track to start-up. And then longer-term, we've got our -- our Path2Zero project in Alberta, which is still on schedule for the end of 2027.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Sison with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Mike Sison: Hey, good morning. I guess what we've heard so-far is 2026 overall macro or demand? Unfortunately, it doesn't seem like it's going to be much better than 2025. I mean 2025 versus 2024, sorry. You've got some headwinds here for higher feedstock costs in energy. You've got some cost-savings. So if demand is unfortunately similar in 2025 versus 2024, I mean, directionally, should EBITDA be up, down, flat? I mean, how do you sort of look at that this year.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Michael. Good question. On 2025 versus 2024, obviously, a big part of the $1 billion of cost actions we're taking are to underpin improved EBITDA in 2025. So we've got volume growth and I mentioned the projects that we'll have starting out this year, which all of them will be able to be sold-out and be accretive from the point that they start-up. So you'll have that. We're obviously not counting on a tremendous amount, although we've shown five consecutive quarters of volume growth. So we're still going to keep taking advantage of our low-cost position and get our share. But I think pricing power is the real question and that's the reason for the cost action is to underpin the improvement in EBITDA. I would say you also have to think about the markets and a lot will depend on demand in the markets. In PNSP, well, I'd say in the ethylene chain, in general, PNSP and ethylene oxide derivatives have continued to be strong. You see that strength in Industrial Solutions. You see that strength. Although we had some pricing slip in the fourth quarter. Overall, we see that strength in the integrated margins of PNSP. So I think that will continue to be a positive sign. I think we'll continue to take the actions that we need to take in Europe to tighten things up there. I don't want to be doom and gloom about Europe, but I think we have to be realistic that downstream demand is not coming back. And so, we're going to have to take actions there to tighten things up. And then, of course, cash, we're going to manage very carefully, which is why you saw the CapEx reductions that we announced to try to stay in a better cash-flow position and keeping our dividend strong is one of the number one priorities.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Hassan Ahmed with Alembic Global. Please go ahead.
Hassan Ahmed: Good morning, Jim. A question on PNSP. I'm just trying to sort of reconcile the guidance that you guys gave and what sort of polyethylene pricing you guys are baking in there? You're clearly looking for a bit of a margin squeeze over there and we have a variety of sort of polyethylene price hikes on the table in the US contract wise. And obviously, ethane prices have gone up as well. So I guess a two-part question, what polyethylene prices are you baking in? And what sort of ethane pricing environment are you baking in?
Jim Fitterling: Hassan, great lead in for me to welcome Karen to the call and ask her to cover PNSP in those two parts.
Karen S. Carter: Yes, good morning, and thank you for the question. I think it's important to go back to fourth quarter and really look at what happened from a pricing perspective. As you know, we saw market prices go down in October by $0.03 per pound. And then prices continue to decline throughout the quarter, really driven by not market moves, but also contract resets that occur generally at that time of the year. So we're coming into 2025 with low prices. But at the same time, as you indicated, we saw input costs increase almost immediately as we got into the year. So we do have $0.7 -- $0.12 per pound on the table for price increases in the fourth quarter, $0.7 in January and $0.05 in February. And as you indicated, we are seeing both ethane and natural gas costs come up. And so those costs are outpacing the rate at which price increases are being implemented. But I just want to reiterate that it is really important that we are going to stand firm on our price increases. Margins have reached a place that they are unsustainable. So you should expect to see that we are going to be resolute in getting those price increases through.
Jim Fitterling: I also think, Hassan, that in the -- well, the short term moves and cost increases happen this time of year when the first blast of winter hits and everybody gets a little dose of reality. They also soften typically as the quarter goes on and you move into second-quarter. Natural gas production is strong. It was 106 billion cubic-feet per day last year. We don't see any change in that. The ethane frac spread is $0.50 a million BTU. That's a very good rate. I would say the only other thing is that propane naphtha advantage that slipped a bit in the back-half of the year in Europe. I think it's going to start to come back a little bit, but not dramatically. So it's another reason to balance things out in the cracker fleet in Europe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. The global commodity polyethylene industry is oversupplied. And between you and CP Chem, you're adding another GBP8 billion in North America and Dow is adding half of that between now and 2030. Do you really want to add that or is your plan to close down your European assets so that there's no net addition? When we look at the Lyondel results in Europe, what we see is that, they don't make any money. I assume that they make little money, I assume that's the same for you. So the first question is, do you really want a net addition or are you going to balance additions with closure? And then for Jeff, what happened to the cash-flow? That is -- cash flow is a couple of billion lower than it was last year. EBITDA is flat. Is that a one-time event? And how many shares are going to be issued for management comp this year to add to the share base? Thanks.
Jim Fitterling: Jeff, thanks for that. I'll take the first part on ethylene and then I'll have Jeff comment on cash flow. So on supply-demand, I think it's important to remember that what we're adding in Alberta is 2 million metric tons of zero Scope 1 and 2 emissions, ethylene and derivatives and will convert 1.5 million tons to zero emissions. So 3.5 million tons of zero Scope 1 and 2 emissions ethylene. And we're in negotiations now positively moving forward with customers for the offtake for that material. So it is a different part of the mix than what's available today. I do think your point is valid. We're seeing actions in Europe across the industry, which would depend towards reducing capacity in Europe, which is high-cost. And there aren't any signs. I mean there's been a lot of good discussion in Europe around the Draghi report and competitiveness, but there have been no actions that indicate that energy costs or competitive positions are going to improve. So I think you're going to see some contraction there. And I think we have to look around the world at places that are not cost-competitive and tighten up there. Our investments are in cost advantage regions. Like we said in Alberta, you're talking about putting a cracker in the first quartile that has zero Scope 1 and 2 emissions. There's nothing of that scale anywhere in the world for those brand owners and those customers who want that product. Jeff, do you want to cover the cash-flow?
Jeff Tate: Yes. Thanks, Jen, and good morning, Jeff. Yes, a couple of things here on the cash flow. In the fourth quarter, we did generate $800 million in cash from operations. And our cash conversion rate was approximately 67%. One of the things that we did intentionally do in the fourth quarter is because of our first quarter 2025 on heavy turnaround activity, we did purposely and intentionally build some additional inventory, especially as some of those turnarounds are going to be in some of our high-growth areas from a business perspective. So some of that was very intentional, Jeff, in terms of the build of the inventory that we saw. In addition to that, we continue to maintain a really strong cash conversion cycle that we've taken out eight days since span and we continue to be very disciplined in our approach to maintaining that ability to not only get the eight days out, but look for opportunities to get maybe another one or two days moving forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. Jim, on the cost-savings you announced today on the direct costs, are those permanent or are they somewhat temporary? And of the 1,500 roles that are being reduced or eliminated, what regions are they? I presume mainly Europe and what businesses and functions are they attached to? Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, David. On the cost saves, we're trying to get the structural costs down and keep them at a low-level. So we're trying to make them as permanent as we can. It's about 75% third-party cost saves. It's about 25% direct, which is a little bit lower on the direct percent than typical. I'd say on the third-party cost saves, we feel pretty good about our ability to get that done. We expect to be at about a 60% run-rate by fourth quarter and full run-rate by mid next year. Regions, I would say it's a combination of regions and functions and businesses. So regions that are under economic pressure, obviously, Europe and Asia is a focus of functions where we've not seen productivity improvements is a focus. And then we haven't announced a lot of site closures here. Our European asset review is still underway. We'll have updates on that by midyear. But this is not loaded with site closure costs or anything like that, which is why the recharge is relatively nice.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Byrnes with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Steve Byrne: Yes, thank you very much. [indiscernible] for Steve. I just wanted to go back a little bit to the full-year expectations. And I wonder, are there any other discrete items besides the maintenance spend that will be flat year-on-year, such as the benefit of having the EG2 unit operating for the full-year that can help or be a headwind for 2025 versus 2024? And can you go back also on the polyethylene price increases that you spoke earlier? Just for January because there will be a non-market adjustment based on some trade publishers, how do you expect that to actually impact realizations in January versus December against the proposed contract price increases?
Jim Fitterling: Yes. So let me take a shot at the first-half of your question, which is on the full-year. And the things that we should take a look at as we're looking at full-year outlook. And then I'll ask Karen to talk about the polyethylene prices [indiscernible]. So first-quarter margins are going to be squeezed as we said. I would expect the exit-rate of the quarter and first-quarter to be higher as we land those polyethylene prices through the quarter and as some of the feedstock costs come off. So something in the ballpark of a $1.4 billion a quarter from second-quarter to fourth quarter could be more in-line with how we performed if you looked at the last year's results and the market backdrop that we've got. And then you've got about $300 million of cost reductions that we outlined today. And then you have the growth levers that we remain focused on. So we've got Texas 8 ramped back up and we've got our Glycol-2 unit back up in the market. It reached full growth rates or full production rates in the fourth quarter. You see that in the results in the fourth quarter. And then on-top of that, we're counting on a little bit of help from GDP to get there. So I think we will -- I would think we will see things improve. We have a bit in addition to the compression in first-quarter on pricing in PNSP, we've got the turnarounds out, but the full-year turnaround number will be flat. Karen, do you want to talk a little bit about price and what you expect on the non-market side?
Karen S. Carter: Yes. So in the first-quarter, a little bit what we saw in December is we'll continue to see some contract resets, but then also we also expect to see some non-market moves as well. But I think the key thing as you think about first-quarter from a margin compression perspective is really that those feedstock costs are outpacing the rate of price increases. And so, if you think about it this way, we have price increases that we are going to implement over the January and February timeframe, but the higher feedstock costs occurred right at the beginning of the year. So you are right, we will continue to see some market -- non-market moves, but again, a few more contract resets as we continue to grow our share on our volume. And then the other headwind that Jim just mentioned is that, we are going to have a few more turnarounds on the energy side, but also in functional polymers.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Josh Spector with UBS. Please go ahead.
Josh Spector: Yes, hi, good morning. I was wondering if you could talk about the risk and potential mitigation activities you could do around tariffs, specifically around Canada. I mean, I think I assume that a lot of the tons from your facilities in Canada come into the US versus export markets. I guess, first, can you clarify what that mix is? And if that is right, what can you do to mitigate the impact or how do you plan around this?
Jim Fitterling: Yes, good question, Josh. I mean, I think the most important thing is what we're doing right now, which is engage with the administration on providing data for ourselves and also for the industry to understand the situation. And we're starting to see every day like more refinement on what's happening. I think it's pretty clear in the near-term of the discussion is around getting control over immigration and the flow of fentanyl into United States. We're relatively balanced with Canada. We trade both ways with Canada, a little bit more coming into the US from a finished product standpoint, but we've got product that moves both ways. So trying to just have an overall picture of what the energy complex and the petrochemicals complex looks like there, so that we don't create unintended consequences. And I don't think it's the administration's view to do something that's going to hurt the global economy. I think they want to try to create the situation where we continue to have growth in investment here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Parkinson with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Chris Parkinson: Great. Thank you so much. Jim, just want to dive a little deeper. I think we did it last-time, just how you're thinking about some of the EU assets by country. And I think last summer you were going over the Netherlands and Germany. And there are a lot of strategic reviews going on in Intercontinental Europe right now. So just trying to think about the -- how you fit into like the larger picture in terms of these developments and how they're basically panning out over the next several years? Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: Sure. That's a great question, Chris. If you look at the EU, obviously, the number one challenge is energy competitiveness. And so, relatively speaking, Spain has a pretty decent advantage right now from an energy standpoint. So there, we're looking with our partners at Repsol and how do we reduce the combined cost between the two of us on operations in Spain. When you get to the Netherlands, while we announced the idling of a cracker to avoid the turnaround cost this year, I don't want you to assume that that's the answer to the European strategic review and if that really is just something that we have the ability to do this year to manage through the short-term situation. The Netherlands has been pretty competitive throughout and our cost positions have been pretty good there. So we just have to look at the market for ethylene. We're a net merchant ethylene seller, we got to look at those balances and we've got to look at the propylene market and balances and that will drive what we decide to do there. I'd say that the Netherlands as a country still very focused on energy and discussions recently. They still have a focus themselves on adding nuclear power generating capability, which I think is going to help them with their energy costs. On Germany, a lot is going to depend on this election at the end of February. I think it's shaping up that there will be a change in the German government. And if you look at what happened post-COVID, Germany moved fast to take action when the Russian supply on gas was stopped and now has five LNG import facilities operating and it's really shifted the balance on LNG imports. However, the LNG import costs are $10 to $15 a million BTU into Europe. So longer-term, we have to look at what else can we do in Germany structurally to get the cost-down. I think it's going to require state action to make that happen. I don't think the EU is going to do something that drives this. I think it's going to require the states pushing back and there's no state that has more heft in this discussion than Germany.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Frank Mitch with Fermium Research. Please go ahead.
Frank Mitsch: Yes, thank you. Good morning and congratulations, Karen, on your new role. Jim, I want to ask about the III segment in terms of the first-quarter. You're calling out $100 million sequential headwinds, mostly from one-offs excluding higher energy. Can you talk about what you're seeing in terms of the pace of business between the polyurethanes and Construction and Industrial Solutions segments? One would thought this US Gulf Coast freeze would be fantastic for your de-icing business, etc. So can you give us -- absent kind of these one-offs, what is really going on in those businesses as we sit here in the first-quarter?
Jim Fitterling: Karen, why don't you unpack that?
Karen S. Carter: Yes. No, thanks for that question. So if I look at the first-quarter and I'll take polyurethanes and construction chemicals first. We're not really seeing any signs of demand recovering despite the interest-rate cuts in the US and Europe. And as you know, we have several applications in that business that are really sensitive to interest rates. So whether you're talking about betting and furniture, but also obviously in the housing applications as well. And if you think about US home affordability, it remains at its historic lows, but then also interest rates there are above 7%. We also saw in the fourth quarter automotive start to slow. And if you think about that from a US perspective, those inventories are at 10 years high -- 10-year highs. And so that's one of the reasons that we announced on the last earnings the strategic review of our European footprint, really where we're looking at polyurethanes in particular. And so then if I pivot to DIS there, what I would say is that overall demand really does remain stable. We are seeing some green shoots and global energy demand and also pharma demand, which is really good for us. De-icing, as you indicated, is a seasonal tailwind. So we'll see if the cold weather continues to persist. But then one of the things that's notable in the first-quarter around DIS is that we do have increased turnaround there where we're taking our unit and Seadrift down. So that will result in a tailwind for us. So I would say overall, on the polyurethane side, just continuing to see challenging market demand, market macros. But then also on the Industrial Solutions side, with the continued ramp of Glycol-2 that's now fully back, we should see a tailwind there. But again, some of that is being muted with the turnaround that we see in first-quarter.
Jim Fitterling: So I would just add, Frank, on automotive, the shape of automotive last year was a pretty strong start to the year in terms of production units. And you saw automotive, I think being positive as we move through the middle of the year and then towards the end-of-the year, a lot of pull-down in inventory in automotive. So dealer discounts and things happening, you saw China moving a product in advance at the end-of-the year because they wanted to get ahead of tariffs. And so we -- I don't know, but we could see similar -- something similar happen this year where automotive starts strong again and we just have to keep an eye on what happens with inventories there and demand in the automotive sector.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Cunningham with Citi. Please go ahead.
Patrick Cunningham: Hi, good morning. On the lower siloxane pricing environment, which is impacting PMNC, are China oversupply issues getting better or worse into 2025? And with the focus on more downstream specialties, would you anticipate taking any further actions on upstream assets or do you anticipate others to take actions on capacity here?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Patrick. Good question. I'd say it's getting better, but it's -- the pace of getting better is slow. And I'd say the business is taking a look at the upstream side and what they want to do in that space. The downstream demand has been good, Karen, maybe make a few comments about how you see things there.
Karen S. Carter: Yes, so thanks, Jim. I mean, downstream continues to grow for us quite significantly. And if you look at even last quarter, we grew above GDP and we expect that to continue to occur as we get into 2025. I mean, we are seeing really good downstream growth in our markets like electronics, but also in home and personal care. And so, on the upstream as you indicated, we did see pretty significant capacity additions, primarily in China in the 2022-2023 time-frame, that has slowed significantly, but we're continuing to see an overcapacity situation there. Overtime though with the higher than GDP growth in those end-market segments, we do expect it to come into balance, but we are staying squarely focused on continuing to grow those downstream applications in silicones.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, thank you and good morning, everyone. Jeff, I was wondering if you'd walk-through your view of non-operating sources of cash-flow and uses in 2025, specifically, I'm thinking about after-tax cash proceeds from your infrastructure deal. I think you have some pending litigation with Nova, if I'm not mistaken. And then any cash sources or uses associated with your new restructuring announced today as well as the strategic review of your asset-base in Europe and other items you may care to call out? Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Kevin. Yes, if you look at our cash flow for 2025, a couple of things to consider here. If you take whatever the expectations are from an EBITDA perspective for the year, I would assume right now an approximately 70% cash conversion rate over the course of the year. We just provided a guide on the CapEx now in the range of $3 billion to $3.2 billion. So on average midpoint there, $3.1 billion. The dividend, I would make the assumption there $2 billion. And as we mentioned on the call, from a infrastructure proceeds perspective, that could be anywhere from a minimum of $2.4 billion up to $3 billion during the course of the year. Our net interest expense guide is approximately $600 million on a full-year basis. We are continuing to make good progress on the Nova judgment situation there and we should have more to say about that throughout the course of the year. So I would say, Kevin, those are the primary puts and takes as you think about the cash-flow walk from the beginning of the year through the end of 2025.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts at Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead.
John Roberts: Thank you. How much EBITDA is involved with the new JV with Macquarie? And your minority interest for 2024 was only $85 million. If Macquarie goes to 49%, how high does that minority interest line-item go to?
Jeff Tate: Good morning, John. I'll take that one. This is Jeff. There is no EBITDA impact because this enterprise will be consolidated as part of our normal reporting results. But the impact will be more on the non-controlling interest line once the transaction closes. And obviously, the dividend impact on the cash flow statement will be the other sizable change that you will see overtime. So we'll have more guidance to share once the transaction closes and you'll be able to quantify the potential impact of that at that particular point. And again, we expect by midyear to have the transaction close.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Duffy Fisher with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Duffy Fischer: Yes, good morning. Two more questions on cash-flow. So Jeff, I think you talked earlier about building some inventory for your planned turnarounds in the first half, but working capital ate about $0.5 billion last year when sales and COGS were down pretty meaningfully. So how much release do you think you can get on a full-year basis from working capital this year? And then the second one is that, other assets and liabilities line was a negative $1.1 billion in cash flow last year. What's in that? And does some of that come back eventually?
Jim Fitterling: Sure. So good morning, Duffy. In regards to the first question around working capital, what -- right now for 2025, we would make the assumption of a use of cash in the $300 million to $400 million range on a full year basis. Then if we look at the other liabilities line, and assets, right now we're down about $900 million year-over-year, and that's really primarily driven by some of the long-term tax payables and related tax audit reassessments that we had throughout the course of the year.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Michael Leithead with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Michael Leithead: Great. Thank you. Good morning, guys. I'll probably just put a bow on the cash questions. There's obviously been a lot of investor focus lately around the dividend, just given the ongoing trough in your current cash generation. And Dow is obviously quite proud of maintaining an industry-leading dividend based on your earlier comments and some of the actions you're taking to free-up cash. So can you maybe just lay out why Dow believes maintaining this level of dividend is sort of the best priority of cash here versus, say, using that cash for balance sheet support or even further organic growth investment.
Jim Fitterling: I'll take a shot at it and I'll ask Jeff if he wants to add anything, but north of 65% of our owners count on that dividend. And so, we listen very carefully onto what they want to see. And we have a lot of experience on how important the dividend is to our shareholders. And so that's why it's a top priority for us.
Jeff Tate: Yes, the only thing I would add, Jim, is that we don't have any substantive debt maturities due until 2027. And the ones that we have in 2025 are approximately about $0.5 billion, we're in a good position to be able to support on those debt repayments during the course of this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexei with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I wanted to clarify if your $1 billion cost-reduction target includes the European actions that you will be discussing in the middle of 2025 or would those European actions be in addition to the $1 billion?
Jim Fitterling: You'll have them in addition. I think there are some things that will probably have a little bit of overlap, but the asset discussions will be in addition to what we've just announced.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the Q&A session for today. I would now like to turn the call over to Andrew Reiker for closing remarks.
Andrew Riker: Thank you, everyone, for joining our call and we appreciate your interest in Dow. For your reference, a copy of our transcript will be posted on Dow's website within 48 hours. This concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes todays meeting. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-24 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Dow Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn it over to Dow Investor Relations' Vice President, Andrew Riker. Mr. Riker, you may now begin.
Andrew Riker: Good morning. Thank you for joining today. The accompanying slides are provided through this webcast and posted on our website. I'm Andrew Riker, Dow's Investor Relations Vice President. Leading today's call are Jim Fitterling, Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Tate, Chief Financial Officer. Please note our comments contain forward-looking statements and are subject to the related cautionary statement contained in the earnings news release and slides. Please refer to our public filings for further information about principal risk and uncertainties. Unless otherwise specified, all financials where applicable, exclude significant items. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in the earnings news release and slides that are posted on our website. On Slide 2, is our agenda for today's call. Jim will review our Q3 results, operating segment performance and some key updates regarding the strategic asset review we announced today. Jeff will then share an update on the macroeconomic environment and provide fourth quarter modeling guidance, followed by a discussion on our financial position and progress on Dow's growth investments. Jim will close the call and following that we will take your questions. Now, let me turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Fitterling : Thank you, Andrew. Beginning on Slide 3, our cost advantage footprint in the Americas continues to provide strong competitive edge capturing demand growth in attractive markets and regions. In the third quarter, Team Dow delivered our fourth consecutive quarter of year-over-year volume growth. We delivered this despite a soft macroeconomic environment, primarily in Europe and China, as well as an unplanned cracker outage in Texas, which has been successfully restarted and is running well. Net sales in the Q3 were $10.9 billion, this is up 1% versus the year ago period led by higher demand and local prices in the United States and Canada. Volume increased 1% versus the year ago period and prior periods. Sequentially, we saw gains in Packaging and Specialty Plastics and Industrial Intermediates and Infrastructure. Local price was flat year-over-year as gains in Packaging and Specialty Plastics were offset by decreases in Performance Materials and Coatings. Sequentially, local price was down 1% due to minor declines across all segments. Operating EBIT was $641 million, up $15 million year-over-year, reflecting higher integrated margins in Packaging and Specialty Plastics, which were partly offset by the impact of the unplanned cracker outage in Texas and higher planned maintenance activity. Cash flow from continuing operations was $800 million down year-over-year, primarily due to higher inventories to support both sales growth and labor related supply chain disruptions. Shareholder remuneration for the quarter was $584 million including dividends and share repurchases. In addition, we progressed our long-term growth strategy including signing a long-term agreement with Linde for the supply of clean hydrogen for our Path2Zero project in Fort Saskatchewan. We also completed the acquisition of US based polyethylene recycler Circulus. This will add capacity of 50,000 metric tons of recycled materials annually to Dow's portfolio. Now turning to our operating segment performance on Slide 4. In the Packaging and Specialty Plastics segment, local price increased year-over-year led by higher polyethylene prices in all regions except Latin America, which was flat. Volume was flat year-over-year as higher demand for functional polymers in all regions was offset by lower polyethylene volumes. Operating EBIT was $618 million an increase of $142 million year-over-year. This was primarily driven by higher integrated margins, which were partly offset by the impact of the unplanned cracker outage I mentioned earlier. Moving to the Industrial Intermediates and Infrastructure segment, local price was flat year-over-year. In addition, volume was down 2%. This was driven by lower volumes in Polyurethanes and Construction chemicals, which were primarily due to a force majeure in MDI following a third-party supplier outage. Operating EBIT decreased $74 million versus the year ago period. Results were driven by higher planned maintenance activity and lower integrated margins, which were partly offset by improved equity earnings. And in the Performance Materials and Coatings segment, local price declined year-over-year, while volume was up 5% with gains in both businesses and across all geographic regions. Operating EBIT was $140 million down $39 million compared to the year ago period, driven by higher raw material costs, which were partly offset by higher volumes. Moving to Slide 5. The strength of Dow's differentiated portfolio is defined by our strategic and purpose built asset footprint which leverages low cost feedstock positions, primarily in the Americas. Our growth investments are concentrated in higher value businesses and regions, particularly where demand is resilient and we have a competitive cost advantage. Over the past few years, we've demonstrated our commitment to operating with the best owner mindset by taking proactive actions with select higher cost assets aligned with the evolving market dynamics. Since 2023, we have undertaken more than 20 asset actions. These include targeted rationalization of our global polyols capacity, shutting down our propylene oxide unit in Freeport, Texas in 2025 to reduce lower value merchant PO exposure, strengthening our coatings footprint with select asset closures and announcing the sale of our laminating adhesives business for $150 million including two manufacturing sites in Italy, which we expect to finalize in the fourth quarter of this year. Overall, these actions have been primarily focused on our industrial, intermediates and infrastructure segment and in the EMEA region. On Slide 6, current market dynamics are impacting Europe, including continued soft demand, coupled with a persistent lack of long-term regulatory policy. This ongoing absence of clear, consistent, and competitive regulatory policy in Europe has resulted in many challenges for our industry. These challenges have been acknowledged in statements by EU government leaders, top economists, and our peers. And while a demand recovery in other parts of the world was expected to provide swift upside across the markets we serve, this alone is unlikely to be enough in Europe. Given these dynamics, we've begun a strategic review of select European assets, primarily those in our polyurethane business. This review includes all value-creating options for these assets and currently consists of approximately 20% of our sales in the EMEA region. We expect to complete this review by mid-2025. We continue to engage with governments both directly as well as through our leadership in trade associations to improve the industry's overall competitiveness in the region. Decisions regarding the strategic review, similar to our prior actions, will focus on strengthening Dow's global portfolio. This enables us to invest in the most attractive opportunities and create long-term value growth for our shareholders. Now, I'll turn it over to Jeff to review our outlook and guidance.
Jeff Tate : Thank you, Jim, and good morning to everyone joining our call today. Moving to Slide 7, we continue to experience muted demand across some end-markets and regions with the greatest pressure in Europe and China. Global manufacturing PMI has been decelerating over the past three months and consumer spending remains pressured by persistent inflation. That said, we're monitoring the impact of rate cuts in the US and Europe, as well as recent stimulus plans in China to boost economic activity, which could provide some positive momentum for 2025. Looking specifically across our four market verticals, in packaging, domestic demand in North America is resilient and exports are robust, despite decelerating last month. Demand in Europe remains soft, consistent with manufacturing PMI at the lowest point year-to-date. In addition, China's manufacturing PMI returned to contractionary levels in September after improving in August. Infrastructure demand primarily in residential construction remains low. In the US, housing starts decelerated to negative 0.7% year-over-year in September. Eurozone construction PMI remained soft and new home prices in China declined year-over-year for the 15th consecutive month. Consumer spending has slowed across the globe, reflecting affordability challenges. We've seen consumer confidence weaken in the United States, remain negative in Europe, and decline in China for the fifth consecutive month. And in mobility, demand has softened globally. In the US, auto sales were slightly up year-over-year in September after decreasing in August. And in the EU, new car registrations declined in September after reaching a three-year low in August. China auto production declined for the fourth consecutive month, reflecting weak domestic demand, as well as exports due to tariffs imposed in Europe. Now turning to our outlook on Slide 8. We expect fourth quarter earnings to be approximately $1.3 billion, up year-over-year and lower quarter-over-quarter, as normal seasonality plays out. Now looking into the sequential drivers by segment. In the packaging and specialty plastic segment, lower integrated margins stemming from higher feedstock costs and lower licensing revenue will be a headwind. Following an unplanned event in July, we restarted our Texas-8 cracker at the end of the third quarter, and we expect to ramp operating rates steadily throughout fourth quarter. This will generate an add-back of approximately $100 million in the fourth quarter. We also expect lower planned maintenance activity across multiple sites along the US Gulf Coast and in Europe to provide a tailwind sequentially. In the industrial, intermediates, and infrastructure segments, conditions remain mixed. Demand in building and construction end-markets, will be seasonally lower, but we expect the ongoing ramp of our plant at Louisiana operations, as well as the seasonal uptick in demand for deicing fluid, to offset this decline. In addition, we anticipate a $50 million tailwind through the lower planned maintenance activity along the US Gulf Coast. And in the Performance Materials and Coatings segment, we see continued growth in downstream silicone applications across most end-markets. However, this is expected to be offset by ongoing weakness in the China property sector. In addition, lower seasonal demand for building and construction end markets is expected to be a headwind of approximately $125 million. Moving to Slide 9. Team Dow has built a very compelling investment opportunity even as our industry has faced volatile market conditions over the past few years. By continuing to execute our playbook, deliver on our financial priorities and advance our strategy, we are positioning Dow for long-term value growth. Importantly, we have built the financial flexibility to continue disciplined investment in areas that will raise our underlying earnings, reduce emissions and advance customer circularity needs to drive growth. As it relates to our financial strength, Dow has ample liquidity and a strong investment grade-credit profile. Nearly all of our long-term debt is at a fixed rate and we have no substantive maturity until 2027. We also expect to enhance our near-term cash flow generation through the execution of unique to Dow cash flow levers And we are making solid progress on the evaluation of strategic options for our non-product producing infrastructure assets. As previously mentioned, we anticipate generating over $1 billion in proceeds from the transaction and we expect to share further progress yet this year. Dow's strong financial flexibility, allows us to advance our long-term growth strategy. Notably in the Q3, the team is making good progress on the construction of our Path2Zero project in Fort Saskatchewan. Major foundation work began and approximately 40% of cracker pilings are complete. Aligned to our capital deployment schedule for the project, we expect to receive more than $1.5 billion in cash and tax incentives with more than 80% received by 2030. Our near-term growth projects remain on track to deliver more than $2 billion of underlying EBITDA. This includes capacity expansions in silicones this year that will deliver approximately $70 million of annual EBITDA at full run rates. In our Transform the Waste strategy is expected to deliver more than $500 million of EBITDA by 2030. In the third quarter, we added new products to our growing circular portfolio. This includes REVOLOOP Recycled Plastic Resins that incorporate post-consumer recycled material into cable jacketing. We also introduced the 1st Bio Circular Engage REN polyolefin elastomers for carpet tile backing. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Jim.
Jim Fitterling: Closing on Slide 10. Despite persistent softness across many end-markets and regions, Dow continues to leverage our advantaged cost positions to capture areas of demand strength, operating with discipline, and invest for long-term profitable growth. Building on the more than 20 asset-related actions we've taken since 2023, today's announcement that we're undertaking a strategic review of select European assets is consistent with our best owner mindset and focused on long-term shareholder value creation. In addition, we're actively progressing unique to Dow cash flow levers, and expect to share more by the end of the year. Our solid financial foundation allows us to advance our long-term strategy, which is poised to deliver more than $3 billion in additional annual earnings growth by 2030. Dow is in a strong position to boost our core earnings as market conditions improve and we begin capturing the full benefits from our growth investments, thereby enabling greater returns to shareholders. With that, I will turn it back to Andrew to get us started with the Q&A.
A - Andrew Riker: Thank you, Jim. Now let's move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instruction.
Operator: We are now opening the floor for question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you and good morning everyone. Wondering if I could just ask about the outlook for Packaging & Specialty Plastics in terms of pricing. If I'm reading the guidance correctly, it looks like on a net basis, pricing should be flat for the fourth quarter? Is that correct? And is there sort of the cadence of pricing you're expecting maybe up in October and then give a little bit back traditional in November and December? How are you thinking about it?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Vince, yes, I think you are reading it overall correctly. We've got an outlook for flat pricing for the quarter, where you have got some obviously expectations that we might see some higher feedstock costs, but still very competitive feedstocks here in the US Gulf Coast. I would think we've got moves out there announced for $0.03 in October and $0.03 in November. And I think our view is typically, that's when we tend to see the movement pricing up and then things soften towards the end of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Hassan Ahmed from Alembic Global. Your line is now open.
Hassan Ahmed: Good morning Jim. Just a question around some of the sort of review work that you guys are doing in Europe. You guys specifically talked about polyurethanes. I'm just trying to sort of get a better sense of all the moving parts with regards to how you see the polyurethane cycle sort of panning out. Obviously, we've seen or about to see some assets change hands within the global polyurethane market. The destocking was particularly severe in polyurethanes, but the supply side seems a bit tepid. So as sort of you sift through all of these moving parts, how do you see the polyurethane market sort of coming out on the other side?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning Hassan. Actually, we're still poised for a very good recovery in construction and durables markets, which really drive a lot of what's going on in polyurethanes. Id add automotive on top of that because I think automotive has been under some pressure in Europe. So I agree with you, there is no signs that there's any stocking and destocking has run its course. But I think we are waiting for that obvious turn in the economy that gets people moving into those segments. And those assets in Europe is really a portfolio shift move. It really has nothing to do with the business. Polyurethanes is a good business, a pretty diverse downstream markets. We've got good positions there. And as I mentioned, we're thinking about 20 asset actions so far across the globe, mostly in II&I, which is really to tighten up the footprint and get our capacity focused on our lowest cost assets there. So I think it is strengthened, both polyurethane business and also the coatings business as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Sison from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Richard Garchitorena: Good morning. This is Richard on for Mike. If I could just shift back to P&SP, I know it might be early, but given your comments on global integrated margins declining on a sequential basis in 4Q, how should we think about where margins and EBITDA for P&SP should be headed into 2025? What are the key puts and takes that we should look at? And how are you thinking about your global footprint and export growth rates? Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: Yes, Michael, good question -- Richard, I'm sorry. Good question. On P&SP, we -- even -- despite the issues we have at Texas-8 in the third quarter, we still see strong volume growth downstream. So we were able to pull a lot of levers to make that happen. Demand is still good. Id say, we had a little bit of a slowdown at the end of the quarter with exports because of the dock strikes that were going on at the time. But overall, downstream demand and volume has been good. So operating rates are continuing to tighten up and the cost advantage assets are running strong. As we look forward into 2025, I think you're going to see some continued growth in volume. So we are looking at about 3% organic growth and volume going into next year. We are going to see some benefit from higher operating rates. So from a basis of about $5.6 billion consensus for 2024, that would add maybe $400 million to that. We have add back for two unplanned events. We've got the full year Glycol-2 being fully ramped up, as well as the Texas-8 unplanned outage we had in the third quarter. So the add back of those two is about $300 million. And then from our growth investments, we've got about $150 million from polyethylene and functional polymers debottlenecks, incremental growth projects there. About $75 million from alkoxylates capacity that's coming on in the US Gulf Coast and the full ramp-up of Thailand PG in Asia. And then about $75 million from Consumer Solutions, growth investments in debottlenecks. And they had a strong third quarter, with 6% year-over-year volume growth in silicones downstream specialty applications, so that's another $300 million there. So all-in-all, that's about $1 billion higher, and then you've got some upsides and downsides depending on things that would happen within the window.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. When you think about your Saskatchewan project, if -- you have a different production process in that you'll use the hydrogen, the autothermal reactor from Linde. So if ethane costs are the same, is the production cost in Fort Saskatchewan higher or lower than it is in Freeport? And if so, by how much? And secondly, do you still expect to bring on, I think, 600,000 tons of polyethylene in the US in the second half of 2025?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning. Jeff, the answer to your second question -- answer to the second question on 2025 additional incremental growth is, yes. In terms of Fort Saskatchewan, I would say we'll be advantaged on ethane in the Fort, and we believe our ethylene cost up in Canada will be some of the best in the world that we have. So I think it is going to be very similar. We do have, obviously, a little higher cost from running the autothermal reformer to produce that hydrogen that will go into fire the furnaces. However, we do get some of that back through CO2 sequestration, and we are going to be able to get some of that back to the market and selling of ethylene with zero Scope 1 and 2 emissions. So net-net, I think you're going to see returns equal or higher than Texas-9 in the US Gulf Coast, which is our lowest cost asset globally.
Operator: Thank you very much. Your next question comes from John McNulty from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Bhavesh Lodaya: Hi, good morning Jim, this is Bhavesh Lodaya for John. So it appears more and more likely that the US and the world in general, is going to see more tariffs and duties being put in place. You have a low-cost advantage in the US, but there are also commodities like polyethylene, where you are very reliant on export markets. In Europe, I believe this is what you alluded to when you spoke about the regulatory actions required. So overall, if we enter this new era of source of more duties across the world, how do you think that plays out for Dow overall?
Jim Fitterling: Yeah, good morning Bhavesh. I think, look, we see tariffs today in some of the businesses that we participate in. And we are still a net exporter in general, out of the US Gulf Coast because of the very strong competitive advantages that we have here. The large markets, China in particular, is still an importer and it's going to be an importer for quite some time. So I think that will exist. In most of the other markets, we are in the market to be a domestic player. So we're in Europe for Europe, and for the assets that we have in China, we are in China for China. There's a lot of discussion going on around tariffs. I think we are typically not in the crosshairs of some of the issues that are national security related. So I think that doesnt have a particular impact on us. And then well walk through what will happen with them. I would say, carbon border adjustment mechanisms are also  could be considered a form of a tariff as well, and so were going to stay eyes wide open to that.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
David Begleiter: Thank you, good morning. Jim, on the European assets under review, are they EBITDA positive? And if so, how much? And if you do close both of your MDI plants in Europe, would you still look to supply Europe MDI from your plants in Saudi and Texas? Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: Yes, good morning David. I don't have a specific number to give you on the European assets right now, but they are EBITDA positive. They are good cost positions in the European market. Again, we are looking at all value-creating opportunities. I dont believe  I dont want to preclude anything, but I dont believe shutting down MDIS, that is going to be a value-creating opportunity, but were going to look at everything.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Byrne from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Steve Byrne: Yes, thank you. Jeff, you made a comment about your customers for P&SP have circularity needs. Are those needs, in your view intensifying? Or are they waning in these days? And is it sufficient to give you the ability to enter into long-term contracts? Your guide for this $3 billion EBITDA gain by 2030 is presumably pulling a chunk out of the Alberta project, but is -- what gives you that confidence to offset those costs with higher returns? Can you get longer-term contracts with your customers for low-carbon polyethylene?
Jeff Tate: Good morning Steve. Yes, good question. From our standpoint, we still feel very confident in our ability to be able to generate, again overall for our Transform the Waste strategy, at least $500 million of additional earnings by 2030. And there's no assumptions right now that we see in the marketplace that would have us that would look at that any differently.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Parkinson from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Chris Parkinson: Great. Good morning everyone. Can we just take a step back and take a look at the balance sheet and cash flow and just the year-to-date trends? Some of your commentary pertaining towards the end of the third quarter going to the fourth in terms of facilitating growth. And just any framework in terms of the puts and takes that the Street should be considering as we progress into 2025? Thank you so much.
Jeff Tate: Hi, good morning Chris, thanks for the question. For us when we look at third quarter, we generated $800 million in cash flow from operations, which gave us an almost 60% conversion rate, which led to actually positive free cash flow in the quarter, which is pretty similar in terms of the range that we had for second quarter. So we've seen some stability there. A couple of other puts and takes that I think are important is that we've been able to maintain our cash conversion cycle at 42 days, which is top quartile in comparison to our peers. And so that's an eight-day improvement that we've been able to achieve versus pre-COVID levels. Another thing that's important here is that our cash balance at almost $3 billion, as well as the additional liquidity that we have of another $10 billion, gives us total liquidity of $13 billion to-date, and we have no subsequent debt maturities due until 2027. And the other thing I would also remind you of Chris, is the fact that we continue to make the commitment of unique to Dow cash levers and being able to deliver at least $1 billion of those cash levers here each and every year, and we still maintain that commitment moving forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Spector from UBS. Your line is now open.
Josh Spector: Yeah, hi good morning. I was wondering if you could talk about all the actions that you've done around some of the portfolio changes and some of the asset closures? And just talk about the earnings impact combined. I'm thinking about this more in relation where Dow talks about the earnings corridor, $8 billion to $9 billion in EBITDA potential. If we look at what you've done versus the last 5 years, 10 years of earning those assets, how much of a negative is there in that bridge that we should be building in? Or maybe it's smaller or less than what we expect? Thanks.
Jim Fitterling: Josh, good question. I think you should look at it in terms of what are we doing to keep our cost position low. We've typically been able to bring all that capacity into lower-cost assets and run them at higher rates, and so you'll see that improvement in operating rate lead to bottom line improvements. And although some of these have happened in 2023 and '24, we've had some costs associated with getting out of these assets. You'll start to see some positive impact of that as we move forward into 2025. We're typically able to supply all of that, run the existing assets harder. Those are lower cost assets as we move forward. So I think it's more of a tightening up the footprint, making the portfolio more attractive. If you look at where we are year-over-year, we've had an improvement in operating rates of about 500 basis points. In the third quarter, we were up about 100 basis points, and that was because we moved out some maintenance activity in the quarter. So continuing to move that operating rate up will have an impact on bottom-line.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin McCarthy from Vertical Research Partners. Your line is now open.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, thank you and good morning. Jim, two questions on Europe, maybe one broad one and one more narrow. Just broadly, I think it stands to reason that margins are lower in the region due to higher energy cost [anemic] (ph) demand and some of the onerous regulations that you spoke to in the prepared remarks and in the press release. So I guess my general question would be, if you were to report margins on a regional basis rather than on a segment basis, how much lower would Europe be relative to the Americas or even Asia? Number one. And then number two, as you go through the strategic review, do you have in mind, potential financial consequence of that in terms of the EBITDA uplift or narrowing that margin gap? Thanks.
Jim Fitterling: Yeah, good morning Kevin. Good question on Europe. While energy costs are higher, they have come back down and moderated a bit. And so they are going to -- I think you are going to see that new kind of relative competitive floor being based on import LNG into Europe, and we're kind of at that level right now. And they've got -- they've diversified their base away from just the Russian gas that they've had before. So I think that's a positive -- relative positive. We've got a good line of sight to what the energy costs will be there. Demand has been lower. I think construction obviously has been slower. The consumer has been slower. Automotive has seen some pressure from import EVs, as we know. But I think, obviously they will have to adjust to that. I would say when you look at the businesses, obviously I think the biggest delta and where we are right now versus where we were say, in 2020 at the low point in the cycle is the higher cost position of Europe. I think that's a pretty easy way to take a look at it. These businesses, mid-cycle and polyurethanes and construction chemicals, their mid-cycle EBITDA margins are about 15%. And so I think, our view here is to look at portfolio options where we can invest more money in businesses that have higher returns and higher downstream growth rates. The European assets that we're talking about with polyurethanes, make up about 20% of our existing EMEA sales.
Operator: Your next question comes from Patrick Cunningham from Citi. Your line is now open.
Patrick Cunningham: Yes, hi, good morning. So just on the review of the European assets, what would you need to see from a policy perspective to maintain and run these assets? And then across -- are you positioning with governments and trade organizations regarding the sort of an idiosyncratic risk related to US backing the UN Global Plastics treaty, particularly the plastics production cap?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning Patrick, good questions. First on European policy, clearly, I think there are a couple of differences. So in energy, I think, a forward focus on what Europe needs to do to be energy competitive is critical. Also, I think a look at, and a good comparison would be Canada with Fort Saskatchewan and Europe's position on hydrogen. We call the Fort project circular hydrogen in order to run, and we're able to make ethylene from that circular hydrogen at competitive costs with US Gulf Coast economics and also get a benefit from selling Zero Scope 1 and 2 emissions products into the market. The way the UGreen deal is written today, it says that you can only get credit for green hydrogen, which means made by electrolyzers, made with alternative energy or low carbon energy. If I give you a comparison on what would have to happen in Fort Saskatchewan, if I were to have to make green hydrogen to run that asset, I'd have to have 7 gigawatts of electricity, running electrolyzers to make all the green hydrogen to run the Fort. It is just simply not economical, and it won't happen. And so now you've seen there are no projects now moving forward on blue hydrogen. There's no projects moving forward for carbon capture and all these things that were on the table in terms of helping European industry decarbonize are just so far uncompetitive, that not only will the industry not decarbonized, they'll probably have to consider other alternatives. In the United States, well in terms of the international legally binding agreement on plastics, I think we're making tremendous progress. There is certainly no alignment around the world on production caps or [bands] (ph) in that agreement. We think we're all surprised by the shift in positioning of the administration, but we're not at the end of this process yet. And so we continue to advocate that we focus on the issue, which is plastic pollution, focus on the solutions, which are circularity policies, recycled content mandates, extended producer responsibility schemes, all forms of recycling and dealing with the pollution part of the situation. Plastics are the lowest carbon footprint products that are out there. They are easiest to use, they're the cheapest to use. They have the best sustainability footprint. And as we convert to making them with Zero Scope 1 and 2 emissions like we're going to do at the Fort, nothing -- no alternative will be able to touch the sustainability footprint.
Operator: Your next question comes from Frank Mitsch from Fermium Research. Your line is open.
Frank Mitsch: Hi, good morning. Jim, I appreciate your answer to the question on tariffs earlier in the Q&A with the US Gulf Coast competitive advantage. I'm curious, Brazil just enacted an increase from 12.5% to 20% on polyethylene imports. What specifically may be seeing in that region? And perhaps if you could also offer an early look at 2025 in terms of siloxanes, the interplay between supply and demand, that would be helpful. Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning Frank, good questions. Sorry about the Mets. I'm with you there with the Royals, not making it as well. 12.5% to 20% I think, in the case of Brazil, I think you have to look at tariffs in terms of are you trying to protect the manufacturing in the domestic economy so that you keep a manufacturing base. And I think tariffs of 12.5% to 20%, like you see in Brazil, are meant to do that. I think when you've heard reference to tariffs here in the United States, of [maybe a] (ph) base tariff of 10% for anything that's imported, yes, I think that's driven by a mindset that we're trying to get manufacturing into the United States, not resort to a neighboring country, but into the United States. And so we see tariffs around the world for countries that are trying to protect local manufacturing and trying not to be completely at the mercy of import materials for all of the needs for their economy. I think we're going to continue to see a lot of focus on that and actions like that. On siloxanes, we saw a little bit of tightening and a little bit of pricing improvement. I think we're a ways away. I think we are still in the area where there's opportunity for some rationalization. We've got Chinese capacity that's at negative cash margins right now. The downstream is growing well. As I mentioned, we were up 6% year-over-year in the downstream. The continued outlook for the downstream market is good, even though automotive has been slow, like vehicle production this year is going to be projected to be about 2% lower year-over-year. The growth in electric vehicles has been strong, like 13%, 14%. And when you look at that, that drives a lot of silicones demand. And when we start to see construction come back, that's a high-volume use, and I think you're going to see that pull on it as well. So I think it's a combination of those big volume markets coming back, as well as some assets that are in the cash negative territory having to be taken down.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Roberts of Mizuho. Your line is now open.
John Roberts: Thank you. Jim, you've got chlorine integration in Europe. So how separable are the decisions you're looking at in Europe for polyurethanes versus the [cab] (ph) assets?
Jim Fitterling: They're not, John. Obviously, we're not going to do anything without close contact with our own chlorine assets but also with our partners in Europe. And so we'll keep a close eye on that. Chlorine PO integration is critical for us, and so we will make sure were eyes wide open to that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Leithead of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Mike Leithead: Great. Thank you. Good morning guys. Question maybe for Jeff around 2025. It seems like Jim earlier talked about $1 billion of year-over-year improvement in EBITDA [Technical Difficulty] $6.6 billion -- budget cash outflows in 2025. [indiscernible] CapEx [indiscernible] dividend, interest [indiscernible]. So are there further you need to [indiscernible] cash items you'd expect next year? Or should we expect net debt to remain relatively flat? Just how should we think about net cash flow next year, and sort of how does this impact the pacing of your buyback activity from here?
Jeff Tate: Yeah, good morning, Mike, thanks for the question. Short answer on the unique-to-Dow cash levers is yes. We would expect to have a similar type of proceed coming back from some of the activities that we are focused on. Some of those that we've mentioned in the past that we're still working on, besides the non-product producing infrastructure assets, would be looking at our Nova judgment and continuing to make progress on that, as well as looking at some of our joint venture restructuring activities that could also give us some cash opportunities. And so with those unique to Dow cash levers, plus expecting our cash conversion rates to be similar or higher versus what we had this year, coming-off of whatever our 2025 ultimate EBITDA plan is, will give us the opportunity to be able to support our cash uses for 2025.
Operator: [Technical Difficulty] Fischer from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Duffy Fischer: Yeah, good morning. Just a couple of questions around the licensing income. So one, how much bigger was it than you expected when you gave guidance after Q2? And then two, was it an unexpected project that came in? Or is it just pulling forward either from the Q4 or next year's cycle?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning. Duffy, it is just timing on -- those are driven by delivery of engineering packages and timing on milestones. I'd say it's relatively small in terms of the beat on P&SP. A big chunk as well was moving in St. Charles Cracker turnaround out. As you remember, we were coming off of hurricane  that turnaround was due to start around the time we were having all the hurricane activity. So we just decided to move it into first quarter just so we could deal with hurricane-related issues and not have to focus on that while we were trying to make the quarter. But I think it was relatively small in the grand scheme of things.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Blair from TPF. Your line is now open.
Matthew Blair: Thank you and good morning. You mentioned you're expecting higher cracking feedstocks in the fourth quarter. I was hoping you could expand a little bit on what you're seeing in the US ethane market. Do you think that the wider frac spreads that we are seeing so far this quarter are temporary or perhaps structural? And then would Dow expect to enjoy a little bit of an offset here the Devon JV? And is there any appetite to expand that JV with Devon? Thanks.
Jim Fitterling: Good questions. And I would say as we look forward, the winter strip on ethane is very similar to where the summer was. Our range on ethane probably for the quarter is in $0.19 to $0.23 range. The frac spreads have been consistently at $0.50 or below. So I think we are probably going to see that continue. Natural gas has obviously been very positive for this as we've had good production, and the hurricanes in the third quarter took some export capability out. I think we're going to see some of that export capability come back in, which is why I think you're going to see some competition for that gas that we didn't see in the third quarter. All that, I think, is around the edges. I think we still got very, very cost advantaged positions. And then what was the second?
Matthew Blair: Devon.
Jim Fitterling: On Devon. Yes, look we've been very happy with the partnership with Devon. We started that back in 2021 and continue to ramp that up in 2023. Right now, we've done 114 wells with them, and we've got 15 additional ones expected to come online this year. It continues to grow to help us offset our exposures. Obviously, the way we work that deal is we trade that into the market, so its a net offset to our cost coming in. And we continue to be very happy with it. It's worked well for both of us. It is a strong partnership, and I think we are looking forward to continuing it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Aleksey Yefremov from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thanks good morning everyone. Jim, I was quite surprised to see about $100 million in EBITDA for II&I into this quarter. The segment started the year pretty strongly with $234 million, and then EBITDA continued to soften. Could you give us, just to reflect on this year, what product specifically or regions maybe did not perform as well? And what do you expect next year here?
Jim Fitterling: Yes. So obviously, we had Glycol-2 up and running, so that was to a positive. We had price pressure on PO Polyols and we had lower volumes in MDI. I mentioned in the opening that we had a third-party outage in North America, which supplied industrial gas to our MDI process there, the plants back up but still running at lower rates. And then look, the other thing that happened when Texas-8 was out, Texas-8 produces propylene for us as well. And so when we had Texas-8 out, we had to go into the market to get some of that propylene so that was a higher cost. So I think it was on to one-time, the MDI issue is a one-time, which will correct itself. The PO polyols that was a big driving force around the decision to tighten up the footprint in Freeport. So as we go forward, we don't have as much length in PO, which brings the North American market more in the balance. So I think, as we move forward, it is polyurethanes in North America, that was the bigger slowdown and drag in the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Laurence Alexander from Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander: Good morning. Just on the unique to Dow cash levers, can you give a sense for what the longer-term pipeline looks like say through 2030 or even farther out? After the ones that you've publicly disclosed, I mean how bare is the covered?
Jeff Tate: Well, Laurence, this is Jeff. Going out to 2030, we wouldn't be able to get too definitive at this stage. I mean, as we continuously go through our annual reviews of all of our assets and all of our opportunities, we'll continue to identify those things that could create more value across the enterprise and have a best of our mindset as we approach it. But the ones that I've noted in the earlier question around some of the things that are more near-term, are the ones that we've specifically identified that will bring us more of that near-term impact. But going out to 2030, I couldn't give you anything specific at this point, but we'll continue to again, maintain that commitment of well over $1 billion on an annual basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from Arun Viswanathan from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Arun Viswanathan: Hi, guys great. Thanks for taking my question. So I guess I just wanted to ask about -- there's been a lot of portfolio reviews, especially of European assets at this point. So just wondering if you've gone through some kind of analysis here, assuming any of those shutdowns happen or potentially portfolio reviews result in shutdowns. How much maybe capacity could be coming out of the industry and P&SP in -- as you look into '25. And maybe if you can give us your thoughts as well on PMC kind of global supply demand as well, just because we've been mired in weakness on the coating side for a while, from a demand standpoint, but maybe there is some green shoots with rates coming down. So do you see any improvement in operating rates on the PMC side as well. So just maybe you could get your comments on both P&SP and PMC utilization as you look into '25? Thanks.
Jim Fitterling: Yes good morning Arun. Look, I think, again, our portfolio work in Europe is around polyurethanes. And as I mentioned before, it really isn't driven primarily by shutdowns, we'll look at that. But I think we've done a lot to bring smaller assets down and bring that capacity into our low-cost locations. It's really looking at what is there a better owner for the portfolio? Does that allow us to continue to focus on our Invest for Growth businesses, which went from Investor Day, you'll remember we're P&SP our silicones business and also our Industrial Solutions business. In P&SP in Europe, we have good positions, and we're focused on the domestic market there. So I think our focus there is continuing to make those assets more competitive. There has been about -- and I'm doing this off the top of my head, about 1.5 million metric tons of announcements made already in the industry, on shutdowns that are coming in Europe. I think we'll probably continue to see that in isolated stand-alone cases where you may be facing an older asset that has some high-cost maintenance or other life extension work that needs to happen. So that will be a challenge. I think in most of those asset cases, there was a discussion of cash flow losses for a number of years before those decisions were taken. We're not in that situation in P&SP in Europe. I think on coatings, even though coatings has been slow, we've had really good volume growth this year, growing with our strategic customers, well ahead of what was expected in the marketplace. And I think that will mostly shift as we start to see things pickup in the housing sector and the architectural coatings pick up. We had a lot of growth in traffic paint coatings this year, infrastructure-related. There's a lot of development going on in space there to make road markings that can actually communicate with the future for autonomous vehicles or the autonomous and lane assist type of devices that are put on your vehicles today are requiring some better road markets to be able to -- for them to react with the cars. So I think we'll continue to see growth in both of those, but the housing market will be the big pickup on the coatings business. Coatings is doing well. I'd say monomers is where things need to tighten up a little.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. Id now like to hand back over to Andrew Riker for closing remarks.
Andrew Riker: Thank you everyone, for joining our call, and we appreciate your interest in Dow. For your reference, a copy of our transcript will be posted on Dow's website within 48 hours. This concludes our call. Thank you again.
Operator: Thank you for attending today's call. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-25 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. My name is Krista and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Dow Inc. 2024 Earnings Report. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now like to turn the conference over to Andrew Riker. Andrew, the floor is yours.
Andrew Riker: Good morning. Thank you for joining today. The accompanying slides are provided through this webcast and posted on our website. I am Andrew Riker, Dow's Investor Relations Vice President. Leading today's call are Jim Fitterling, Dow's Chair and Chief Executive Officer, and Jeff Tate, Chief Financial Officer. Please note our comments contain forward-looking statements and are subject to the related cautionary statements contained in the earnings news release and slides. Please refer to our public filings for further information about principal risk and uncertainties. I must otherwise specify that all financials where applicable exclude significant items. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures. The reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in the earnings news release and slides that are posted on our website. On slide two is our agenda for today's call. Jim will review our second quarter results and operating segment performance. Jeff will then share an update on the macroeconomic environment and modeling guidance, followed by a discussion on how our proven playbook will advance our near-term priorities and support growth. Jim will then provide more color on key milestones for our long-term strategy, including how we will capture earnings upside as macroeconomic conditions improve. Following that, we will take your questions. Now, let me turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Fitterling: Thank you, Andrew. Beginning on slide three, in the second quarter, team Dow delivered sequential top and bottom line growth, as well as the third consecutive quarter of year-over-year volume growth. We achieved this despite a slower-than-expected global macroeconomic recovery, particularly in areas like building and construction and consumer durables. Net sales were $10.9 billion, down 4% versus the year ago period and up 1% sequentially, driven by gains in packaging and specialty plastics and performance materials and coatings. Volume increased 1% versus the year ago period with gains led by the United States and Canada. Excluding hydrocarbons and energy sales, which were down primarily due to lighter feed slate cracking in Europe, volume increased 4%. Sequentially, volume increased 1% with gains in all regions except Asia Pacific, which was flat. Local price decreased 4% year-over-year. Sequentially, local price increased 1% led by gains in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and India or EMEA. Operating EBIT was $819 million, up $145 million sequentially, reflecting gains in packaging and specialty plastics and performance materials and coatings. Cash flow from operations was $832 million on higher earnings and an efficient release of working capital, resulting in an 85% cash flow conversion on a trailing 12-month basis. Our focus on cash flow generation enabled $691 million in returns to shareholders, including $491 million through dividends and $200 million in share repurchases. In June, we published our 2023 Intersections Progress Report. This report showcases the positive impact that we are making on the environment and society and importantly, how those actions support long-term profitable growth. Now turning to our operating segment performance on slide four. In the packaging and specialty plastic segment, operating EBIT was $703 million, down $215 million a year-over-year, this was driven by lower integrated margins, higher planned maintenance activity, and lower non-recurring licensing sales. Local peak declines were due to lower downstream polymer prices, primarily in Asia Pacific. Volume decreased year-over-year as higher demand for functional polymers and polyethylene was more than offset by lower merchant hydrocarbon sales, primarily due to lighter feed slate cracking in Europe. Sequentially, operating EBIT increased by $98 million, primarily due to higher integrated margins behind both price and volume gain. Moving to the Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure segment, operating EBIT was $7 million, an improvement of $42 million versus the year-ago period. Results were driven by improved equity earnings, partly offset by lower integrated margins. Local price declined year-over-year, but volume was up, driven by gains in polyurethane and construction chemicals. Sequentially operating EBIT decreased $80 million, driven by higher planned maintenance activity and higher equity losses, as well as lower volumes. And in the performance materials and coating segment, operating EBIT was $146 million, up $80 million, compared to the year-ago period, driven by broad-based business and geographic volume growth. Local price declined year-over-year, but volume was up, driven by gains in both businesses and all geographic regions. Sequentially operating EBIT increased to $105 million, driven by volume and price gains in both businesses and lower planned maintenance activity. Now I'll turn it over to Jeff to review our outlook and share some examples of our playbook in action.
Jeff Tate: Thank you, Jim. And good morning to everyone joining our call today. Moving to slide five, in the near-term, we expect macro-dynamics to remain largely unchanged. While global manufacturing PMI has been positive since February 2024, the pace of the global economic recovery has decelerated slightly. This is primarily led by China, where economic growth in the second quarter was lower than the market expected. Overall, we continue to keep a close eye on the weight of inflation on U.S. consumer, global interest rates, and geopolitical tensions. Looking across our four market verticals, packaging demand is seeing global growth, primarily in the U.S. and Canada as the industry experiences robust domestic and export demand for polyethylene. In Europe, soft demand across the value chain is reflected in manufacturing PMI levels, which despite stabilizing, remain in contractionary territory. And in Asia, packaging demand has remained steady, but the reason has been impacted by poor congestion and rising transportation costs. Infrastructure demand, primarily residential construction, continues to be soft across most regions. In June, existing U.S. home sales, which tend to drive residential paint sales for both buyers and sellers, were below prior year levels. And building permits were down slightly year-to-date through June. Eurozone construction PMI remains in contractionary territory and declined to 41.8 last month, down from 42.9 in May. And in China, new home prices were down 4.5% year-over-year in June. Consumer spending has shown resilience in most regions except Europe where consumer confidence remained negative in July. In the U.S., retail sales are up 2.3% year-to-date through June, but furniture and bedding sales remain low. In China, retail sales increased by 2% year-over-year in June, but marked the first month of deceleration since July 2023. And in mobility, China auto production was down 2.1% year-over-year in June amidst the potential for tariff increases and flow to materialized incentives. In the U.S., auto sales were down year-over-year in June after increasing by more than 2% in May. Against this backdrop, we delivered the third consecutive quarter of year-over-year volume growth and will continue to leverage our differentiated portfolio to capitalize on areas of demand strength, while maintaining operating and financial discipline. And I'll touch on these actions in more detail shortly. Now turning to our outlook on slide six. We expect third quarter earnings to be slightly above second quarter performance, continuing our string of sequential improvement. We experience minimal disruption from Hurricane Berly in the U.S. Gulf Coast, and we expect the positive sequential signals in some markets will continue. In the packaging, especially plastic segment, we expect modest top line sequential growth. Domestic and export demand for polyethylene in North America will remain robust, and EMEA will experience typical lower demand seasonality from the summer holidays. In addition, the completion of our cracker turnaround into being Texas in the second quarter will be offset by another planned turnaround at our St. Charles, Louisiana cracker in the third quarter. In the industrial, intermediates and infrastructure segment, market conditions remain mixed. Demand in energy and pharma end markets remains resilient, but consumer durable demand has not shown any significant signs of inflection. We expect an approximately $25 million headwind due to the planned maintenance activity in the U.S. Gulf Coast. Importantly, at the end of June, we successfully started up our glycol 2 facility at Louisiana operations, which will ramp through the quarter and provide a sequential tailwind of $75 million. In the performance materials and coating segment, we continue to see growth in downstream silicone applications across most end markets, but the siloxane prices are still under pressure. Lower seasonal demand for building and construction end markets are expected to be a headwind of approximately $50 million, while lower planned maintenance activity will contribute a $25 million tailwind. Moving to slide seven. As we navigate the current market conditions, we are focused on executing our proven playbook to deliver increased value over the cycle. We benefit from our global asset footprint with leading positions in every region. This is particularly true in the cost-advantaged America, where approximately 65% of our global production capacity is located, and we expect to reach 70% by 2030. With leading low-cost feedstock positions, trust our industry-leading feedstock flexibility, Dow is well positioned to capture growing global demand for our products. And supported by our solid financial position, we remain on track to deliver our countercyclical growth investments. Team Dow continues to operate with discipline as we maintain our low cost to serve mindset, focus on maximizing cash flow, and further strengthen our financial positions. Our actions include continued de-risking of our pension liabilities with minimal, if any, cash outlay. In fact, this month we initiated the termination process for two of our U.S. pension plans by the end of 2025. While not impacting previously earned benefits, Dow is able to provide a secure, cost-effective way of paying pension benefits and reducing administrative costs and risks to the company. Lastly, in the near-term, we expect to enhance our cash flow generation by executing over $1.5 billion in unique-to-Dow levers. We plan to use the proceeds to support our strategic growth investment, including our Path2Zero project in Fort Saskatchewan. In addition, we expect to receive more than $1.5 billion in cash and tax incentives by 2030, which is closely aligned with our CapEx deployment for the project. With that, I'll turn it back to Jim.
Jim Fitterling: Thank you, Jeff. Moving to slide eight, our expectations for 2024 reflect a slower pace of recovery in certain end markets. Dow is positioned to capture more than $3 billion in EBITDA upside as we return to mid-cycle earnings levels. We are encouraged by the positive top line signals across our portfolio. This is demonstrated by our year-over-year volume improvement in the last three quarters, as well as price stabilization across the entire enterprise over that same period. In packaging especially plastics, we anticipate supply demand fundamentals to continue improving as the recent polyethylene capacity builds in North America have been fully absorbed by growing global demand. We're also starting to see rationalization of higher cost assets, particularly in Europe. And going forward, we did not expect to see any new capacity in the cost-advantaged Americas until the 2026, 2027 timeframe. In industrial intermediates & infrastructure, we've maintained a disciplined approach to our inventory management. The beginning of an interest rate cutting cycle will accelerate demand in our polyurethans business. In industrial solutions, the majority of our U.S. Gulf Coast capacity is aligned to higher value EO derivatives. With the successful restart of our Glycol-2 facility in Louisiana, we will see positive impact in consumer, mobility, pharma, and energy and markets. And in performance materials and coatings, industry siloxane capacity additions are expected to slow due to prolonged negative cash margins impacting non-integrated players. And lastly, our coatings business is highly correlated to existing home sales with market demand forecasted to see pre-pandemic levels by next year. With these positive indicators combined with an economic recovery, Dow is positioned to capture significant annual earnings upside at mid-cycle levels. Next on slide nine, the work we've done to strengthen our financial foundation has allowed us to invest countercyclically in lower risk, higher return projects that will drive more than $3 billion in annual earnings growth by 2030. Our near-term investments are progressing and remain on track to deliver more than $2 billion of underlying mid-cycle EBITDA by mid-decade. To-date, we have added the capacity to deliver $800 million of that $2 billion. So far this year, we've enhanced our product mix to produce higher value elastomers for photovoltaic films and ethylene copolymers that are site in Tarragona, Spain. We're also advancing multiple downstream silicones debottlenecking projects to support growth for liquid silicone rubber and adhesives. Our team in Fort Saskatchewan is making solid progress on our path to zero project. Phase 1 startup is expected in 2027, and Phase 2 will start up in 2029. The project will deliver an additional $1 billion of either got annually at full run rates by 2030. Construction continued in the second quarter where we started our piling program, which will anchor the foundation of our new net zero cracker. Major foundation work is expected to begin in the third quarter. We're also advancing our transform the waste strategy to deliver more than $500 million in incremental underlying EBITDA by 2030 through partnerships and direct investments. In June, we announced the Dow signed an agreement to acquire Circulus, a leading U.S.-based mechanical recycler. This will help us accelerate our goals, while enabling more high-performance circular products that brands and customers are demanding. We expect a deal which includes two facilities with combined capacity of 50,000 metric tons of recycled materials annually to close in the third quarter. Consistent with our best owner mindset, we also announced in the second quarter that we reached an agreement with Arkema to sell our laminating adhesive business, which is part of the packaging and specialty plastics portfolio. That transaction is expected to close by the fourth quarter of 2024. And lastly, in the second-half of the year, we're planning to commercialize products with greater circularity using offtake from both the Valoregen mechanical and Mura advanced recycling facilities. In closing, on slide 10, Dow remains focused on driving earnings growth by executing our playbook, delivering on our capital allocation priorities, and closely managing costs as we advance our long-term strategy. We're committed to operational and financial discipline. We've delivered returns in past generations better than our peer benchmark and we will maintain our low cost to serve mindset, while capturing high value demand and optimizing margins. Our financial flexibility allows us to invest countercyclically in higher value areas that will raise our underlying earnings and drive circularity. With all of this, Dow is well positioned to create significant upside in top and bottom line growth as cycle dynamics improve and we unlock the full benefit of these investments enabling higher shareholder returns. With that, I'll turn it back to Andrew to get us started with the Q&A.
Andrew Riker: Thank you, Jim. Now let's move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instruction.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Hassan Ahmed with Alembic Global. Please go ahead.
Hassan Ahmed: Good morning, Jim and Jeff. Just a question around Q3 sequential guidance. Particularly as I sort of take a look at some of the commentary around ENSD, it seems that you guys are looking for relatively flat EBITDA sequentially. Obviously, I understand you guys have the St. Charles cracker sort of planned maintenance, but I'm just trying to get a better sense of what's baked into that guidance from an underlying fundamentals perspective. Meaning, obviously, you guys, the industry has North American Q3 price hikes on the table. It seems inventory levels are down. It seems exports have been sort of steadily picking up. So just if you could give me a sense of beyond your planned maintenance what you guys have baked into those fundamentals for the Q3 guidance?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, and I'm happy [Technical Difficulty]. You know, as we look at the outlook for PNSD end of the third quarter, I do expect [Technical Difficulty] $0.02 on margin improvement there. You've got a combination of [Technical Difficulty] actual numbers there, and direction is correct. We do expect, and we have in the plan, that we expect ethane to be up a $0.01 or $0.02, it is not as instantaneously as we sit here today. What I do expect it will be one of the reasons that gas and methane is so low is because you have free flow [Technical Difficulty] down through the Hurricane Beryl. And that backs up volume here at the Gulf Coast. That's going to reverse itself, but I think when that happens, our expectation is, you'll see some ethane pricing move up. In Europe, we have still positive [Indiscernible] spread, but it's a little bit less than what it was in the second quarter, but it's still very advantageous for us to crack propane. I mentioned cracking white, you know, we cracked white in the quarter, which led to less byproduct sales for cracker byproducts in Europe. But the derivative demand is good. If you look at derivatives volumes, across the board they've been up. Asia was a little bit low in the second quarter, mainly because Asia was pushing a lot of export volumes out, especially in China, to get ahead of some tariff barriers. And that kind of caused some congestion over there. I think that's working itself out and I think we'll see continued strong export environment out of the U.S. Gulf Coast. As you mentioned, inventories are low right now. Inventories are right in line with where they've been historically and exports are very strong. So I do think the environment is there for pricing to take hold in the third quarter. I expect the derivative volumes to be strong. We've got advantage cost positions and operating rates are strong for us. So I think net-net turnarounds won't be any more than they were in the second quarter. I think you'll see some slight improvement in third quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you and good morning everyone. Jim, we'd love to get your sort of high level thoughts on two things that might have opposite reactions. One, it does seem like we're finally going to get into a period where interest rates are going to come down, which I would expect to be broadly positive for your business, particularly your exposure to building and construction. But politically, we may be also re-entering a period geopolitically with tariffs and duties and things like that. So I'm wondering if you can compare and contrast, you know, sort of what the impact of both of those dynamics could be for Dow as we look into 2025?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Vince, I'm happy to do that. On interest rates, we had expected that by this time, we'd probably have seen two or three interest rate cuts in the year, we haven't seen the first one yet. I do think the expectation is coming. If you look at the housing market, I think you're seeing the weight right now of the high interest rates on housing [Technical Difficulty] new builds [Technical Difficulty] you know and employees that are kind of stacking up on [Technical Difficulty]. And part of it's because people are unable to qualify for mortgages at these higher rates. So I think when we start to see mortgage rates get something with a five-hand on them, we're going to see a couple of things happen. We're going to see people, who have financed mortgages at these higher rates of 7%-plus will get some advantage to do a refinance. We're going to see people who've been sitting on the sidelines with properties they want to sell, move into start to sell them, because people can get qualified for the mortgages. And you've got to start to see building credits increase. In polyurethanes and construction chemicals, when that starts to happen, you get a domino effect that happens. You get both existing ones there and you build starting to build them. That drives volume, and then, of course, anytime you have that, you've got appliances, [Technical Difficulty], all the other things that go on with it. And so that tends to wrap it up pretty quickly. We haven't seen that yet. Obviously teams were managing it closely, but we haven't seen that tick up. On the geopolitics side, yes, I think on -- you do on both sides, on the political spectrum, you're expecting a more percussive tone that we're hearing coming out from both sides. I would say that the big driver behind that is in many cases where a lot of capacity has been built in China, there's enough data to suggest that they're being subsidized and those products are being flooded into other markets. And its hard to see anti-dumping cases being brought against China around the world in different areas. And so I think you are going to see activities that are going to try to halt some of that from happening in concert with trying to bring the manufacturing back. Today, most of the manufacturing is going to go into Mexico, if you think about it, from our perspective. We haven't had time to see the impact from semiconductors and other things being invested. That will take a few years to get to market. But I think we're going to see increased rates on a whole host of things. Most of them are in the 25% to 50% range. And most of that is what people believe is the amount of subsidies going on to those markets. So we're prepared for whatever case we get, depending on the outcome of the election. And as always, we just have to get on there and make sure that either side understands the supply chains, how product flows, and what's important to keep industry moving, not just here, but in Europe and around the world.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Byrne with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Steve Byrne: Yes, thank you. And Jim, if you change your audio in some way, it would really be helpful. We're having a really hard time hearing you. I have a couple of questions regarding your slide nine. With respect to your Fort Saskatchewan project, that $1 billion EBITDA on a per pound basis, is that comparable to what you would expect mid-cycle for your existing assets, EBITDA per pound for polyethylene, or is this an expansion? And do you have customer commitments that give you that confidence in that, in the profitability of that and maybe just an extension on this, that 3 million tons of transform the waste, you know, the incremental EBITDA on that per pound, I think there must be a huge range depending on the type of product there, because you have a competitor that has a similar objective and the incremental EBITDA per pound is 3 times this? And I would assume that it's relevant to how much is mechanical versus how much is say paralysis driven do you -- can you comment on where do you see the most profitable outlook in your circular plastic platform?
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Thank you, Steve. [Technical Difficulty] Fort Saskatchewan [Technical Difficulty] But in general, it's pretty similar to what we see today. And as I mentioned before, I think the upside there is the ability to get the additional value out of the [Technical Difficulty], and it's zero, so one and two admissions. [Technical Difficulty] Those policy and deliverables, I think of how you catch better data and how you deliver the service to better knowledge. And circularity we believe a combination of mechanical [Technical Difficulty] cycle. I think we still feel that long-term and the two-thirds of our volume is expected to be the best in [Technical Difficulty]. Mainly because we're trying to talk about [customer] (ph) forms, we believe, to get the high quality, which is what we need to get those margins. You guys have to integrate [Technical Difficulty]. On the technical side, when the circular investment is a great position [Technical Difficulty], we're focused on trying to move [Technical Difficulty]. When typically we're not looking at making big investments in the [Technical Difficulty], but I think our ability with that time, I kind of stayed to take the company on a circular and move the quality of that 50,000 tons per [euro] (ph) always up allows us to get the kind of management uplift over those in GE that we need to deliver about 500 more. And so it's going to be different by different markets, but it's all going to be driven by the quality of the material that we produce out of those assets. Certainly the demand is there [Technical Difficulty] is in supply, and upon high quality new type of product.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. Jim, you're run rating at roughly $6 billion at EBITDA. Consensus for next year is $7.3 billion. How much of that earnings ramp is in Dow's control?
Jim Fitterling: David, the biggest will be what we see in terms of the durable goods market and the housing market coming back. Plastics right now, PNSP, silicones and coatings. I think we have a pretty good line of sight and with Glycol-2 coming back in I-9, we feel good about that. The real question mark will be how quickly does polyurethanes come back, and that's going to be driven by what happens with interest rates and what happens with the housing and construction. That's not just here. That's Europe and Asia as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. Maybe a couple of questions for Jeff. Your corporate expense was $30 million this quarter, and you forecast -- $30 million versus $60 million a year ago and you forecast $60 million for the third quarter versus $40 million in the year ago period. Why is that higher increment, why doesn't it stay at the 30 level? And second, you've been repurchasing shares. And that share price has been pretty flat since its inception as a public company. What criteria will you use to determine what their share repurchase is a good use of capital for Dow. How will you judge that?
Jeff Tate: Yes, good morning, Jeff. Appreciate the questions here. Starting on the corporate side. When we look at the second quarter, you're right, it was slightly lower, more favorable than what we traditionally had. I would say, as you're thinking about the second-half of the year, going to be pretty much in the range of $60 million to $65 million of negative EBITDA, which we've delivered in past times. What we had in the second quarter was we had actually some gains from our insurance operations as well as some lower environmental cost accruals as well. So when you think about the second-half of the year, you can expect it to be in that $60 million to $65 million range. In relation to share repurchases, you're right, we have continued to trend to cover dilution, and that's one of the things from a capital allocation perspective that we've been consistent with. And as we think about the CapEx ramp-up that we have and our commitment to deliver overall 65% more back to our shareholders -- we're going to stay consistent with that at this point because of the cash flow expectations as well as our ability to be able to manage all of those capital allocation priorities. But we will look at from a criteria perspective, what will give us the greatest return over that time period in comparison to the commitments that we have for our capital allocation prioritization.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Sison with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Mike Sison: Hey, good morning. In the first-half, your free cash flow didn't generate a lot. Could you give us a feel of how much free cash flow you generate in the second-half and maybe for the full-year?
Jim Fitterling: Jeff, do you want to take that?
Jeff Tate: Yes. Good morning, Mike, thanks for the question. From our perspective, first of all, when you look at the second quarter, we saw some really positive side, where would deliver over $800 million in cash from operations. Our conversion rate was at 55% and our free cash flow was a positive $109 million. All of those are sequential improvements over what we delivered in the first quarter. So we're really trending well. As we think about the full-year, Mike, one of the things that we would act is from a working capital standpoint, you can expect the use of cash anywhere from the $600 million to $800 million range. You've seen in our slide deck here, we got some guidance on some of the other key levers related to full year cash flow. But 1 of the areas where we're pleased about is our ability and the joint ventures to be able to get greater dividends out of debt, which we're focused on moving forward as well as our -- looking at our liquidity right now, we're in a really good position. We've got well over $3 billion of cash and cash equivalents and total liquidity of $13 billion. And right now, we don't have any debt maturities of substantive levels until 2027. And the other thing I'd also like to remind you of as well is the fact that over the past several years, DOW has done a solid job of being able to deliver what we like to call unique-to-Dow cash levers of anywhere from $1 billion to $3 billion. And our expectation is that we'll deliver at least $1.5 billion of those levers here in 2024.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, thank you, and good morning. Can you comment, as you look across your portfolio on the monthly cadence in June, as well as your order books in July. Were there any businesses that stood out varied versus your prior expectations through that period. And on a related note, can you comment on the barrel hurricane impact in the third quarter and whether you're expecting that to have a net positive or negative or neutral impact on the quarter? Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Good morning, Kevin, we've seen pretty solid order book at the beginning of every month. I would say as we finished the second quarter you'd see then some softness towards the end of the month. July order book looks pretty solid as we move forward. Hurricane Beryl, we were -- we ran most of freeport through the Hurricanes, all the power plants and all the crackers ran through. We obviously had damage electrical lines and cooling towers and things. But within a week, we were back up. So I expect that it's not going to have a significant impact on volumes. There will be some cost impact to it. We're insured for it. But there's a deductible. And I don't remember how much that is, Jeff.
Jeff Tate: $50 million.
Jim Fitterling: $50 million on the deductible. But Beryls, freeport's back up and running. And I'd say that we've gotten most of the issues identified and we're fortunate no impact to our employees or no impact to people other than the normal things that impact their homes, but we jump in and help them out so that they're able to focus on what they need to do.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
John McNulty: Yes, thanks for taking my question. Maybe just a follow-up on Beryl. It didn't hit the way some of the major Hurricanes necessarily take down lots of capacity for long periods, but it does look like a lot of assets were taken down, including your own for at least a week or so. Can you speak to what that did to the market for you and in terms of inventory levels and how you're thinking about what that might mean for pricing in the next couple of months or so?
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Good question, John. I think it's -- I think you can already see in the market that it's starting to have some impact of firming things up, because it happened early in the Hurricane cycle and early August or early July is typically not when we would tend to see the first hurricanes come through. We tend to see them more in the August time frame. And so I think what you're seeing is that's firming up the sentiment that there will be price increase moves. I think what you're going to see in terms of impacts are going to be different grade by grade so depending on what derivatives are down and what grades are going to become a little bit tighter. And then you've got some planned downtime that's happening on the third quarter as well. So you've got some plan outages for the third quarter. I'd say we're back up and running hard, trying to catch up to those volumes and get customers stock back up at this point. And there is a little bit of concerns starting to come through the market from customers about being ready for the next impact. Hats off to our team for moving product out in railcars and other areas ahead of it. So we were able to get things positioned to be able to react so that we could keep product moving to customers and we always do a good job of preparing for that and doing things in advance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Spector with UBS. Please go ahead.
Josh Spector: Yes, hi. Good morning. I was wondering if you could give some early thoughts on fourth quarter. So a couple of quarters ago, you thought that there'd be some maybe unseasonal improvement as volumes improve. As we sit today, would you think about a normal seasonal in fourth quarter, call it, down $100 million, $200 million in EBITDA sequentially? Or are there other factors you call out that would buck that trend? Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: I think plastics is going to continue to see solid volumes and we've got cost advantage. So I think you're going to continue to see plastics deliver through fourth quarter. Silicones is positive. You could see the impact on volumes in the derivatives part. And because we're fully integrated, we have an advantage there. So silicones, I would think is going to hold up well. II&I is going to improve because we've got Glycol-2 back. We've got $75 million of tailwind in the third quarter. I think that will ramp to closer to $90 million for fourth quarter and get up to the $100 million, which is kind of full run rate by first quarter. And so that's good. I think the coatings had a really solid second quarter. And even though I talked earlier about housing and some of the issues in housing our volumes were very solid there. I think what's working in housing right now is obviously higher value homes, and some of the big homebuilders you can see are actually delivering pretty good numbers. That tends to go through the contract side of the business. So the contract painters are doing better than say the do-it-yourself business that you would see. And so that's a big chunk of the market, and that's moving positively. We're benefiting from that, and we're also getting some share gains there. So I think third quarter will continue to be good for coatings, maybe a little bit less than second quarter. The fourth quarter is typically low season for coatings anyway. And that's when we start to get ourselves prepared with maintenance and other activities. So we're ready to run into next year's season. But on those businesses, I would expect you're going to continue to see strength. On polyurethanes and construction chemicals volumes are improving. You even saw that even with some limitations that we had to turnaround downtime in the quarter. You saw volumes improving. Inventories are well under control. So I think if there are interest rate cuts that happen this quarter and next quarter, you're going to see some positive impact there. And then it will be a question of how much of that will flow to the bottom line.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Frank Mitsch with Fermium Research. Please go ahead.
Frank Mitsch: Thank you, good morning. And happy to hear that the sound quality on the answers has gotten materially better. But I believe the first answer that you gave concerned polyethylene, and that came through fairly garbled. So I was just wondering, Jim, since you were very accurate in forecasting the April price increase. Obviously, June didn't go through, but I'm curious as to what your thoughts are with respect to July and the third quarter in general in terms of polyethylene pricing and margins? And then also on the Glycol-2 restart, there was an expectation that it would add about $100 million in the third quarter and $100 million in the fourth quarter. You're indicating today that it's $75 million in the third quarter, which makes sense as it ramps up, would you anticipate that $100 million coming through in the fourth quarter?
Jim Fitterling: Yes, good morning, [Frank] (ph), thanks. They brought me probably another microphone here. So I'm sorry about if the first question wasn't answered or understood well. On pricing, we've got prices out around the world everywhere except Argentina for July and August in North America, we've got plus 5 and plus 5 out in the market. That is going to -- you're going to see price stick in the quarter. So price is going to come through. Now the question is how much of all that comes through? I think what we put into the estimate as we've put in that we're going to see $0.02 per pound margin improvement. So net of price. And as I mentioned, I think ethane costs will come up through the quarter. I think it will come up $0.01 or $0.02 through the quarter, if you look quarter-over-quarter. So I think net of that ethane cost increase, you're going to see a $0.02 per pound margin increase in North America. I'd say volume on derivatives around the world supports that inventory levels support that. And I think there's the outside things that we can't predict, like will we have more hurricane activity, but inventories in the chain are low. So I would expect that it's going to go through. When it comes to Glycol, the start-up was smooth and as expected on Glycol-2. Obviously, we've got to get through the product mix, and we've got to get some safety stocks built back up, and that's part of the ramp-up that happens from $75 million to $90 million to $100 million. Could it ramp up more than 90% in the fourth quarter? I guess it could, I mean, usually year-end, there's a little bit of seasonal slowness. So our expectation is it would probably ramp more into the first quarter, which is when we tend to get into some higher volumes across some of the markets. But that's what we've got in the estimate right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Laurence Alexander: Good morning. I just wanted to follow-up on your discussion around potential tariff structures and how they might evolve, how do you think the response function in the industry with your customers has shifted that is if there is movement towards new tariffs, how significant a restock cycle do you see that triggering in advance?
Jim Fitterling: I don't think anything has started yet, Laurence, on people doing stocking in advance of tariffs. And I think primarily because there's all the uncertainty around the election and what policies are going to actually stick. I think on the same -- by the same token, I think there's a little bit of view that China doesn't know what it's going to do yet from an incentive standpoint for its own economy until it gets a better feel for what's going to happen with the U.S. presidential election. We're doing scenario planning here to look at the impact. As I mentioned, there are antidumping activities going on in different parts of the world because of challenges that we see from things being -- volumes being dropped into markets. And so there's a lot of work going on behind the scenes. I think that will -- we'll get a clearer picture for that by the end of the year. But right now, I would say I haven't seen any uptick in volumes or stocking because of that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
John Roberts: Thank you. Jim or Jeff, I'm looking at slide eight in the top exhibit on volumes. You've had relatively easy year-over-year comparisons for the last three quarters, and then you have that in the third quarter as well. But the fourth quarter begins, I think, more challenging year-over-year comps. If we have normal seasonality, will the fourth quarter be down in volume.
Jim Fitterling: I still think you're going to see strength, John, in plastics. I don't remember if silicones had turnaround time in the fourth quarter last year. It should be up based on the downstream demand forecast that we've seen. Normal seasonality, I would expect out of coatings, but I think in plastics and silicone, you're going to see up. And in II&I, because of industrial Solutions and Glycol-2 being back, you're going to see up, the question mark will be how much do we see in terms of demand uptick on durable goods, and that will be what determines whether PU is up or not.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Duffy Fischer with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Duffy Fischer: Yes, good morning. Two questions. First, Jim, you made a comment that you thought your coatings raw material business did quite well in Q2. A lot of the paint companies have come out and their volumes seem weak. So can you just kind of triangulate that? And then for Jeff, the other assets and liabilities on the cash flow statement has eaten almost $1 billion of cash so far this year, which is much higher than normal. What is that? And what happens that going forward?
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Duffy, I'll take coatings. On coatings mix is part of it. So in addition to our contextual coatings, where, as I mentioned, I think in the contractor space and with the customers who are in that space, we've done quite well. We also saw traffic paint improvements, and that's been driven by infrastructure projects that have gone along and also continue to see good response on the innovation side there. The team has done a great job of getting their assets running well, had great uptime and I think has been delivering on market share gains across that taking advantage of their good cost position. Jeff, on the cash side?
Jeff Tate: Yes. Good morning, Duffy. In terms of other assets and liabilities, you're right. The primary driver there is we had a reduction in long-term tax payables related to some of our tax audit reassessment over the period. As you may recall, even in first quarter, we had a significant item more specific to one of our regions as well. So those things were somewhat unique from that vantage point here. So it should stabilize here moving forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Cunningham with Citi. Please go ahead.
Patrick Cunningham: Hi, good morning. I'm just curious on siloxanes pricing in Asia. Would you characterize this as lingering oversupply issues? Or is just the pace of demand recovery not as strong as expected -- and I think there was maybe a bit more confidence on the pricing environment in the second quarter. Did that revert over the past couple of months? Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Good question, Patrick. I mentioned on the call, the difference between integrated and non-integrated players, I think some of the weakness you see in siloxanes in Asia is from the non-integrated players and as you say, the capacity overhang that is there. Capacity additions have slowed. So we do think we're going to start to see as we move into next year, some pricing improvement on siloxanes. We've been working to make investments in downstream silicone products, which have all been doing well, and we continue to move that way. Really trying to drive that volume growth for those downstream derivatives and sell less into that merchant siloxanes market and more into the downstream derivatives. And you're seeing that start to come through in the volume in the second quarter. That was one of the big drivers. So that was a big driver, plus the fact that you've seen an improvement in downstream demand in things like consumer electronics. You saw a pretty strong automotive business and still good on the commercial construction side of things, which drives a lot of volume of products. Health and Personal Care has been pretty solid. I'd say we see good volume growth year-over-year, kind of 3%, a little bit more than 3%. Mix is under a little bit of pressure, because consumers are trading brands and trading quality maybe a little bit as they're trying to balance their spending at the grocery store and at the pharmacy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Leithead with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Mike Leithead: Great, thanks. Good morning. Jim, just a bigger picture question. DOW is obviously investing a lot for medium-term growth. You've laid out a lot of 2025 and 2030 expansion targets. But at the same time, the overall demand backdrop since about mid-'22 has probably been materially worse than you or anybody has thought at that time. So as that timing gap between near-term weakness, medium-term growth sort of closes, I mean, 2025 is only five months away now. Does that give you any pause at all in some of your investments? Do you need to rethink or pivot any of these expansions and sort of lower for longer economic scenario?
Jim Fitterling: It's a good question, Mike. But I would also ask you to think about it and even a longer-term time frame, it takes years to plan and make these investments. And we have to look at what's happened in plastics take for an example. Since 2019, we've seen a 20% increase in volumes in plastics, you can't obviously respond to the market when you see the increase and start to get this capacity in place. You've got to get in place to take advantage of the mid-cycle and the up cycle ahead of time. So typically, when we're at this point in the cycle, it's a common question that everybody asks, but we've got to look through at the long-term trends and the long-term trends for plastics say the growth is going to continue to be there. We've tried to move into the areas where there is differentiation and there's higher growth rates. Whether that's silicones, whether that's plastics, whether that's industrial solutions on the higher value of specialty EO derivatives where we're investing. That's where the dollars are going. So those three markets are consuming most of your capacity expansion. What we've been doing in polyurethanes is more rationalizing the footprint around the higher-value markets, more downstream less commodity-like PO more MDI containing components. And on coatings, obviously, being able to move with the market as the housing market improves. So I feel good about the long-term direction. We're not back at mid-cycle yet. As we get back to mid-cycle, there's a $3 billion step-up in earnings at mid-cycle margins. And then once path to zero comes on in the '27, '29 time frame, and you get to peak, there's another $3 billion step-up to peak.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Parkinson with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Chris Parkinson: Great, thank you so much. Jim, in your $2 billion of mid-cycle upside for PNSP. I understand there are obviously a lot of moving factors there. But if we stick to the U.S. Can you just offer some insights in terms of what you're expecting in terms of integrated PE margins, just given where the current SD dynamic is, export trends, NGLs. Just any color in terms of kind of getting that back would be especially helpful. Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: Yes. So mid-cycle margins typically run in the range of $0.27 globally, but that can run from -- in Europe, maybe $0.20 mid-cycle margins to Americas $0.32. When we've gotten to peak the global average on peak would tend to be more like $0.48. And maybe that range would run from Europe being in the $40 million range, 38% to 40% and Americas being as much as 56%. So that's kind of what the outlook is. And of the $2 billion of upside, I'd say some of that is capacity debottlenecking and things that we're adding. So about $800 million of the $2 billion is from additions and tweaking on making some more higher-value products available, like we announced we've done with elastomers and things in Tarragona. And then the rest of it will come from margin expansion.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Aleksey Yefremov with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Aleksey Yefremov: Good morning, everyone. Jim, looking at ACC numbers, North American polyethylene demand this year is roughly at the same level as in 2018, 2019, do you have any thoughts on this observation? Do you think there's another leg up for U.S. polyethylene demand?
Jim Fitterling: I do. I think when we look at North American demand, we're starting to see the total domestic demand plus exports getting north of 5 billion pounds. So this is a step-up. Obviously, exports have been a big driver historically, 30% of total demand was export, you're running about 45% of that demand in 2023. Also, I would tend to look at not just U.S. data, but I would also look at Mexico, I mean, we moved product into Mexico the same way we move into the U.S. market. And as I mentioned, one of the biggest consumption increases has been in Mexico with manufacturing reshoring moving into that area. So I think we're seeing good volumes this year in the U.S. I think we're going to continue to see that improve at a steady rate.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Arun, your line is open.
Jim Fitterling: Andrew?
Andrew Riker: Yes. Thank you, everyone, for joining our call, and we appreciate your interest in Dow. Also we understand there were some technical issues and audio issues to start at the early part of the Q&A. We do apologize for this. As a reminder, we do post a transcript to our investor website, and we'll do so as quickly as possible today to make sure everything is addressed. This concludes our call. Thank you for your time, and thank you for your interest in Dow.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-25 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Dow First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn it over to Dow Investor Relations Vice President, Pankaj Gupta. Mr. Gupta, you may begin. 
Pankaj Gupta: Good morning. Thank you for joining today. The accompanying slides are provided through this webcast and posted on our website. I'm Pankaj Gupta, Dow's outgoing Investor Relations Vice President. Leading today's call are Jim Fitterling, Dow's Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and Jeff Tate, Chief Financial Officer. Also joining is our new Investor Relations Vice President, Andrew Riker, who you may remember, was a member of our IR team a few years ago.  
 Please note, our comments contain forward-looking statements and are subject to the related cautionary statements contained in the earnings news release and slides. Please refer to our public filings for further information about principal risks and uncertainties. Unless otherwise specified, all financials, where applicable, exclude significant items. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in the earnings news release and slides that are posted on our website.  
 On Slide 2 is our agenda for today's call. Jim will review our first quarter results and operating segment performance. Jeff will then provide an update on the macroeconomic environment and modeling guidance as well as the results of our annual benchmarking. Jim will then provide an update on key milestones for our long-term strategy, which positions us well to deliver growth through the cycle. Following that, we will take your questions.  
 Now let me turn the call over to Jim. 
James Fitterling: Thank you, Pankaj. Beginning on Slide 3. In the first quarter, Team Dow delivered sequential volume growth and margin expansion. We strategically increased operating rates to capture improving demand, we maintained pricing and we benefited from lower feedstock and energy costs. These results reflect the strength of our advantaged portfolio, including our participation in diverse end markets and our cost advantage positions around the world. Net sales were $10.8 billion, down 9% versus the year ago period but up 1% sequentially, driven by gains in Performance Materials & Coatings and Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure. Volume increased 1% year-over-year. And excluding Hydrocarbons & Energy, volume increased 5%, with gains in all regions. This marks the second consecutive quarter of year-over-year volume growth. Sequentially, volume increased 1% and excluding Hydrocarbons & Energy, was up 3%, led by gains in Performance Materials and Coatings.  
 Local price decreased 10% year-over-year and was flat sequentially as modest gains in Europe, the Middle East, Africa and India, or EMEAI, were offset by declines in Asia Pacific, the United States and Canada. Operating EBIT for the quarter was $674 million, down $34 million year-over-year driven by lower prices in all regions. Sequentially, operating EBIT was up $115 million, reflecting gains in Performance Materials & Coatings and Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure. We delivered cash flow from operations of $460 million in the quarter, resulting in a 94% cash flow conversion on a trailing 12-month basis. This reflects our focus on cash flow generation and enabled $693 million in returns to shareholders. We also advanced our long-term strategy with our higher return, highly capital-efficient Path2Zero project in Fort Saskatchewan, Alberta, where construction started earlier this month.  
 Now turning to our operating segment performance on Slide 4. In the Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment, operating EBIT was $605 million, down $37 million compared to the year ago period, primarily due to lower integrated margins. Local price declines were primarily driven by lower energy and feedstock costs globally. Volume decreased year-over-year driven by declines in the Hydrocarbons & Energy business. This was primarily due to prioritizing higher-value downstream derivative polymer sales as well as lighter feed slate cracking in Europe. Sequentially, operating EBIT decreased by $59 million as improved polyethylene integrated margins were more than offset by expected lower nonrecurring licensing revenue and higher planned maintenance activity.  
 Moving to the Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure segment. Operating EBIT was $87 million compared to $123 million in the year ago period. Results were driven by lower prices in both businesses, which were partly offset by 3 items: lower energy and feedstock costs, improved equity earnings and volume gains in Polyurethanes & Construction Chemicals. Sequentially, operating EBIT was up $72 million driven by improved equity earnings and lower energy and feedstock costs, primarily in EMEAI.  
 And in the Performance Materials & Coatings segment, operating EBIT was $41 million, up $6 million compared to the year ago period, driven by volume growth and higher operating rates. Volume was up year-over-year driven by gains primarily in the United States, Canada and Latin America. Sequentially, operating EBIT increased $102 million driven by higher seasonal volumes and overall improved demand.  
 Now I'll turn it over to Jeff to review our outlook and actions. 
Jeffrey Tate: Thank you, Jim and good morning to everyone joining our call today. Turning to our outlook on Slide 5. We are seeing signs of improving macroeconomic conditions in several regions, which gives us cautious optimism heading into what is typically a seasonally strong quarter. That said, we are keeping a close eye on inflation, interest rates and geopolitical tensions. The U.S. is benefiting from improving industrial activity with manufacturing PMI in expansionary territory every month thus far this year. In fact, manufacturing production expanded at its fastest rate in 22 months in March. Average chemical railcar shipments were also up 4.3% year-to-date compared to last year through mid-April. And while high interest rates continue to improve building and construction activity in the U.S., building permits were 1.5% higher in March year-over-year, while existing home sales declined 3.7% in March.  
 In Europe, consumer spending and industrial activity remain weak with manufacturing PMI decreasing in February and March. This partly reflects ongoing geopolitical tensions in the Red Sea, which have led to higher freight costs globally. Declines in inventory levels are a promising indicator with March at the lowest levels since July 2022.  
 Economic activity in China continued to recover steadily with signs of improving demand. Industrial production increased 4.5% year-over-year in March. Additionally, retail sales grew 3.1% year-over-year in March, supported by consumer spending around the Lunar New Year. Nonetheless, the property sector remains weak with new home prices continuing to decline through March. Industrial activity in other regions remains constructive. In March, India manufacturing PMI reached its highest level in more than 3 years at 59.1. ASEAN manufacturing PMI reached an 11-month high at 51.5. And in Mexico, industrial production increased further in February.  
 Now turning to our outlook for the second quarter on Slide 6. In the Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment, higher global polyethylene integrated margins, resilient demand in packaging, as well as continued strength in the export markets are expected to drive a $150 million tailwind in the quarter. Additionally, we expect $25 million in tailwinds from our site in Baha Blanca, Argentina, which has returned to operations following an unexpected storm in December of 2023. Lastly, we expect a $75 million headwind due to increased plant maintenance primarily in Sabine, Texas.  
 In the Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure segment, consumer durables demand continues to be muted. However, we expect margin expansion on improved MDI and polyols spreads in Europe. We also expect modest seasonal demand improvement in building and construction end markets as well as resilient demand in pharma and energy end markets. Altogether, these represent a $25 million tailwind. In addition, we expect a headwind of $25 million due to planned maintenance in Europe and the U.S. Gulf Coast. This will be partly offset by the completion of a turnaround at a PDH unit in the first quarter.  
 In the Performance Materials & Coatings segment, higher global siloxane prices and seasonal demand increases in building and construction end markets are expected to drive a $75 million tailwind in the second quarter. We also expect an additional $25 million tailwind from a turnaround at our siloxane pillar site in the U.S., while our Deer Park and PDH sites will come back up following planned maintenance in the first quarter. So with all the puts and takes, at a company level, we expect second quarter earnings to be approximately $200 million above first quarter performance.  
 Now moving to Slide 7. As we navigate the cycle and execute on our long-term strategic actions, Dow remains committed to our culture of transparency, accountability and benchmarking. Today, we published the results of our annual benchmarking update, once again demonstrating our strong performance and value creation relative to our peers. The results can be found on our investor website. Dow came in well ahead of pure average and broader S&P 500 with continued attractive 3-year average free cash flow and dividend yields. This reflects our commitment to industry-leading cash generation and shareholder remuneration across the economic cycle.  
 Our 3-year EBITDA margins and return on invested capital are above the peer median with return on invested capital, 200 basis points above our 13% target across the economic cycle. We also delivered best-in-class net debt reduction since 2019, which allows us to deliver on our capital allocation priorities even at the bottom of the cycle. Our achievements in these areas point to our continued discipline and financial flexibility. As a result, Team Dow has set the stage for us to drive earnings growth and increase shareholder returns through the cycle.  
 With that, I'll turn it back to Jim. 
James Fitterling: Thank you, Jeff. Moving to Slide 8. Dow is well positioned to capture demand and drive earnings growth as the economic recovery takes hold. This is reflected in our competitive advantages and early cycle growth investments which are advancing while also demonstrating Dow's continued focus on operational and financial discipline. And we have a differentiated portfolio with structurally advantaged assets, global scale and low-cost positions in every region. Healthy oil-to-gas spreads, supported by growing natural gas and NGL production in North America, favor our cost advantage and ability to capture continued margin improvements as the economic recovery gathers strength.  
 We've also taken actions to grow Dow's earnings as we execute our near-term, higher-value, lower-risk growth investments that are expected to deliver approximately $2 billion in incremental underlying EBITDA by mid-decade. Since 2021 we have added capacity that will increase our mid-cycle EBITDA by approximately $800 million, including investments in our FCDh unit in Louisiana and our [indiscernible] capacity investments in the United States and Europe that serve attractive market segments such as consumer nondurables and pharma. In addition, we have invested in multiple downstream silicone debottlenecks to address fast-growing applications in MobilityScience and electronics. 
 We are on track to achieve the remaining $1.2 billion of our near-term EBITDA target by mid-decade, enabled by our lower risk and higher return growth projects. These investments represent a significant portion of Dow's earnings growth in the next up cycle. 
 Moving to Slide 9. Dow continues to execute with financial and operational discipline as we invest through the bottom of the chemical industry's economic cycle for long-term profitable growth. Our near-term growth and efficiency investments continue to progress with our propylene glycol expansion in Thailand achieving mechanical completion this month. We are also making good progress on our Decarbonize & Grow strategy, including our Path2Zero project in Fort Saskatchewan, Alberta. Construction began earlier this month, where we're installing the first of approximately 4,000 piles that will anchor the foundation of our new net zero cracker. 
 In addition, all long lead time equipment items have been ordered, further demonstrating our consistent focus on locking in cost efficiencies for this project. We also entered into a long-term agreement with Pembina, a leading ethane supply and transportation provider, to supply and transport up to 50,000 barrels per day of ethane. With this latest agreement, we have secured the majority of our cost-advantaged ethane supply with multiple suppliers in the region. Overall, I expect the Path2Zero project to deliver an additional $1 billion per year in mid-cycle EBITDA growth at full run rates over the economic cycle. 
 In addition, we continue to advance circularity through our Transform the Waste strategy via strategic partnerships and offtake agreements. This includes a recent joint development agreement with Procter & Gamble, which will create a new recycling technology aimed at converting hard-to-recycle plastic packaging into recycled polyethylene. The result will be near virgin quality and lower greenhouse gas emissions than virgin polyethylene. All in, we expect our Transform the Waste initiatives to generate more than $500 million of incremental run rate EBITDA by 2030. 
 Turning to Slide 10. Our actions since 2019 have created a stronger Dow. Over the past 5 years, we have worked hard to improve our balance sheet, to improve cash flow conversion and to build a more resilient company that maintains consistent discipline. This was demonstrated when we delivered $12.4 billion in peak EBITDA in 2021, higher than any other time frame in Dow's history. This has created the opportunity for us to invest strategically at the bottom of the cycle for long-term profitable growth. And as implementation of our growth strategy increases our underlying EBITDA, we will continue to target at least 65% of operating net income to shareholders as we move up the next peak. This means at least 45% in dividends and 20% in share buybacks. 
 Closing on Slide 11, I want to thank you for your interest and ownership in Dow. The team and I look forward to engaging with many of you on our 2024 Investor Day on May 16. As a reminder, the event will be hosted from the New York Stock Exchange. It will also be available via live webcast. More information can be found on our website at investors.dow.com. 
 During the event, we will share progress on Dow's commitment to improve underlying earnings by greater than $3 billion by 2030 that will enable raising the mid-cycle as well as the trough and peak earnings levels. We'll demonstrate our consistent commitment to operational and financial discipline, our capital allocation priorities and our leadership in attractive market verticals. And we'll show how, taken together, this creates significant value creation as we grow earnings and enhance shareholder returns over the cycle. 
 Before I turn it over to Pankaj, he mentioned at the top of the call that we have our incoming Vice President of Investor Relations, Andrew Riker, joining us today. I'd like to take a minute to congratulate Andrew as he takes charge and to thank Pankaj for leading the Investor Relations team over the last 3 years and also for his contributions to our upcoming Investor Day. Pankaj, we look forward to seeing your achievements in your next role leading our Dow Industrial Solutions business. 
 With that, Pankaj, please get us started with the Q&A. 
Pankaj Gupta: Thank you, Jim. Now let's move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Hassan Ahmed at Alembic Global. 
Hassan Ahmed: Jim, a quick question around global ethylene and polyethylene supply-demand fundamentals. On the surface, as I sort of take a look at global utilization rates, they seem relatively slack. But then as one sort of thinks through marginal producer economics, I mean, they seem pretty weak right now and we're obviously hearing more and more announcements of capacity closures, out in Europe. So how do you see utilization rates pan out in '24 and beyond? 
James Fitterling: Hassan, good question. I would say, obviously, there are differences around the globe depending on the cost positions. And we have a footprint that is very highly advantaged in North America and Latin America and the Middle East. Europe is right now where you've seen most of the focus on supply reductions with a couple of announcements of crackers being shut down. I'd also say China, there's a lot of pressure on operating rates there because the cash margins are negative and have been negative for some time and there's a big arbitrage window open between the United States and China. And so all of those things have really led to much higher operating rates in the cost-advantaged regions. 
 And even in Europe, where we had LPG cracking flexibility in the first quarter and propane was still a little bit high in first quarter but that advantage led to higher operating rates for us in Europe. Our overall operating rates jumped about 10 percentage points in Europe in the first quarter. So I think if you've got a cost advantage position, things are looking pretty good. Europe is a little bit islanded off right now because of the tensions in the Middle East and the Red Sea effect from shipping. And so it's relying on its domestic production for the market growth and there has been some volume growth there. And the Middle East, that has been focused more on Asian demand. 
 So I feel good about it. All of the -- most of the new capacity is in the market already and we're seeing volume growth, second consecutive quarter of volume growth. And we're starting to see year-over-year volume growth numbers. So it feels like we're starting to turn the quarter a little bit. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank. 
David Begleiter: Jim, last quarter, you gave a bit of an earnings walk up to about $6.4 billion, $6.5 billion of EBITDA this year. Do you still believe that number is achievable, if not beatable, given the solid Q1 results? 
James Fitterling: David, I think with the first quarter results and the $200 million that Jeff mentioned on the call, we're right on track. I would add that, as you go into third quarter, now that we'll have another $100 million from the restart of Glycol 2 in Plaquemine, so $100 million third quarter, $100 million fourth quarter kind of numbers. So we're starting to see that run rate and that run rate right in line with what we need to deliver that $6.4 billion. 
 And then I would say the underlying chemical demand, I talked about in last quarter, it felt like destocking slowed. Inventory levels for us in December were lowest they've ever been. They continue to be low at the end of first quarter and chemical production and chemical shipments are up. And so when you look at those numbers, you say this volume growth right now feels like it's demand driven, not restocking driven. And so I think as we start to move up this thing, hopefully, the economy keeps with us here and we start to see us pick up some momentum on this trend. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. 
Vincent Andrews: If I could just ask, in the PSP guidance for 2Q and that step up to $150 million, can you just walk us around the world and tell us sort of how you're bridging that $150 million? 
James Fitterling: Yes. Vincent, thank you. And it's mostly a step-up in integrated margins. I think we're looking at about $0.03 a pound globally in integrated margin increase. North America -- Europe may be a little bit more than [ 3 ], rest of the world is pretty flat. We've got, obviously, kind of a one-time improvement. We had Baha Blanca down, as mentioned, in the first quarter -- for part of first quarter to the -- beginning of it because of the storm they had in December. But it's back. And so you'll see a $25 million improvement there. So those 2 positives are $175 million. 
 We have higher turnaround costs in the quarter. We're doing the turnaround at Sabine this quarter. That's about $75 million. So net-net, you've got about $100 million up in P&SP for the second quarter. And the volume numbers are good. The margin numbers are good. Exports are good out of the U.S. Gulf Coast. Product is flowing. Operating rates are good. So we're starting to see the positive impacts of all those things. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Frank Mitsch from Fermium Research. 
Frank Mitsch: And let me also echo my congratulations to Pankaj. Best wishes in Industrial Solutions. Jim, I was wondering if you could talk about operating rates across the Dow portfolio in general. How has that -- that appears to be one of the positives in the quarter. If you could offer some commentary on your expectations for the Dow engine in 2Q and beyond on the operating rate front. 
James Fitterling: Sure. Yes, happy to do that, Frank. I'd say globally, at a high level, we were at about 6% which is up quarter-over-quarter. It's -- higher demand obviously drove that, lower energy costs in Europe were a big driver of that as well. The United States Gulf Coast, Argentina, Canada have been running at well north of 80%, some as high as 90% kind of rates. Europe saw the biggest individual step-up, as I mentioned previously but all regions saw a step up in rates. And so I'm optimistic that, that's just a sign of underlying demand coming. So you'd probably think -- I think I mentioned like about 10 percentage points up. That's good ballpark for the whole global number with North America, Latin America being -- continue to be strong and high rates and Europe being a big part of that step up. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Byrne from Bank of America. 
Steve Byrne: I wanted to ask a question about the hydrogen-fueled cracker you're building in Alberta. And then you also have the investments with the Mura pyrolysis feedstock. For those investments, how would you expect the unit costs of those downstream crackers to compare to, say, Texas-9 on a unit cost? And to drive the return on those projects, do you have sales agreements for the product at a premium price? 
James Fitterling: Steve, on the hydrogen-fueled cracker, we recover part of the higher unit costs there through the price on carbon. And the team is working on as well, trying to get the premium pricing for that offtake. And I would say our view on that is that it will be there. There's a strong demand for low-carbon emission products, ethylene-based materials. And so we're working on that right now. But the returns on that project are going to be equal or greater than Texas-9 all in. And so when you take a look at it, we are very optimistic about where we're going to be with that project .
 And Texas-9 was one of the projects that obviously led us to be able to deliver the $12.4 billion in peak earnings in that 2021, 2022 time frame. So I feel good about that. Again, remember, because of the scale and because of the fact that we get the hydrogen and methane as byproducts off the back of the cracker, the incremental cost is coming through the autothermal reformer, which, part of that is recovered through the price on carbon. And then we have long-term ITCs, investment tax credits, from Canada for that low carbon investment. Those 2 things will make it very competitive with Texas-9. 
 On Mura, Mura will be focused on, primarily on looking at the recycle demand, at which the supply for recycled polyethylene right now is much shorter than the demand. And so there are premiums in the market today for those materials. And the Mura process, in our view, is one of the more highly profitable ones because it uses the supercritical steam to change the product back into a monomer state. So we feel good about the start-up of that project. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Spector from UBS. 
Joshua Spector: I was wondering if you could share some thoughts on free cash flow for '24 since you kind of reiterated your expectations there on EBITDA. How do you see that tracking? And any update you can provide on any of the nonoperating items that you thought could bridge free cash flow for this year as well? 
James Fitterling: Jeff, do you want to walk through what you think the free cash flow outlook is for the year? And I would just say, Josh, the one thing we have to remember, as we're turning the corner here, December was the low point from a pricing standpoint and we've seen successive improvements January, February, March. So we go from a use of cash -- a source of cash in the fourth quarter to use of cash in the first quarter. But as we make that turn and earnings improve, we'll start generating the free cash flow out of higher earnings. 
Jeffrey Tate: Yes. Well said, Jim. Josh, building on Jim's statement there, the other thing I would mention is that we've also started to see, as the volumes have been improving, we're seeing sales ramp up and we saw the sales ramp up throughout the quarter. So our receivables are also ramping up as well from a working capital standpoint. We're also going into a heavy turnaround period as well, which we anticipated. So all of this is in line with our expectations and our projections, especially for the first half of the year in terms of the working capital uses of cash that we would expect and have. 
 But as Jim mentioned, as we go into the second half of the year, we continue to see the volume growth and the volume ramp-up in the sales leading to earnings growth that will get us into a really good position as we think about our cash flow on a full year basis. And we'll continue to have what we like to call unique to Dow, cash levers. If you look over the past several years, we have had anywhere from $1 billion to almost $3 billion on an annual basis of cash levers that we've identified and executed on. And you can expect that to be very similar in 2024. 
 As we work on our Nova judgment, which we've talked about in the past, we continue to evaluate a number of our nonproduct producing assets that we have across our portfolio as well. And we're going to continue to focus on structural working capital improvements that we can make while also looking at opportunities to get cash out of our joint ventures. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Sison from Wells Fargo. 
Michael Sison: Nice quarter. Congrats, Pankaj, again. In terms of 2Q volumes, will Hydrocarbons & Energy be a headwind again? And I guess, how much, I'm just curious on sort of the core volume growth for PSP. And then just quickly curious on siloxanes if -- why you think there could be improvement in 2Q versus 1Q? 
James Fitterling: Sure. I think on Hydrocarbons & Energy, I would say, as we went into first quarter because we had -- obviously Baha had been impacted by the storm and because we had the arbitrage, obviously, to China and wanted to move more product. We elected not to move materials into the broader market and just focus on higher operating rates. So sometimes byproduct sales are not as high off the crackers, especially for cracking light like we were in Europe and in North America. And so that leads to less volume of byproducts to sell. And sometimes, it's running the derivatives harder. 
 As I mentioned, volume was up 5% on derivatives since first quarter and that was just -- we were moving that ethylene through the derivatives and making more product. I expect that will continue. So we might see Hydrocarbons & Energy be a little bit less but I think you're going to see improved margins on those volumes. And the team is working hard to continue to deliver on the volume growth numbers. We had a very good first quarter result and we've got strong volume as part of that second quarter number plus the higher integrated margins. So I'd say price in China has moved up and demand for the downstream products is good, especially when you think about things like electronics, even continuing into automotive, hybrids and EVs both drive good demand, data centers, chips, thermal management for silicones is big. 
 So the only thing that's a little bit slow is on the construction side. And so you've got higher operating rates in China. You've got better siloxane pricing. We've got personal care markets that are moving into positive territory. So I would say, before we even see a big step up in building and construction, those are already starting to improve. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas: In your Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure forecast, you have sales going up sequentially 1% or 2% and you've got your EBITDA flat sequentially. And normally, there's seasonal strength in the various construction markets. Why is your forecast so conservative? And then secondly for Jeff, how many shares will be issued? Or what's the amount of options and shares issued that will affect the share count in 2024? 
James Fitterling: Jeff, I think the biggest thing, when you look from first quarter to second quarter on II&I is because of the Glycol 2 situation in Plaquemine. We had some insurance recoveries in the first quarter that don't recur in the second quarter. So that creates what looks like a bit of a headwind. I think the underlying business is good and the underlying demand is good. If you look at Polyurethanes & Construction Chemicals, obviously, we've seen a step up in Europe and in operating rates. Sadara is also doing more of the marketing of some of those materials and so we see a little bit less volume coming through Sadara, from Dow marketing the Sadara offtake. So that has a little bit of an impact. But I would say -- our view is, we're still seeing construction slightly better and we're seeing, obviously, Europe much better cost position and that's driving the improved operating rates and just that insurance delta is probably the biggest thing. Jeff? 
Jeffrey Tate: Jeff, in terms of the issuances for the full year and this then captures options, deferred stock, 401(k) plan as well as Dow employee stock purchase plans. We're looking at approximately 11 million shares on a full year basis. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy from Vertical Research Partners. 
Kevin McCarthy: Jim, I'd like to ask you about your thoughts on the likely pace of capacity rationalization across the global ethylene chain. You mentioned the cash negative margins in China today. Obviously, we've seen some of your competitors announce rationalizations in Europe in recent weeks. So my question would be, relative to prior cycles, do you think we're likely to see more supply come out of the equation this cycle, based on a combination of the current energy regime in Europe and obviously a powerful drive to decarbonize? 
James Fitterling: Kevin, always hard to predict exactly the pace that things are happening. But we've been under pressure on -- the high-cost assets have been under pressure from a cash cost standpoint for some time. So we're -- it's normal around this time you would start to see retirements. The thing that we should consider when we're looking at our assets likely to be retired, the age of the assets and the older the asset in general, you get a couple of things, those unit costs are not as competitive. It's maintenance costs start to ramp up. 
 And so you have to question putting in big maintenance dollars on top of that asset. And then depending on the environment you're in, CO2 and the emissions off of those assets and what does that do to you longer term because there is a cost in Europe, obviously, for CO2. And if you're not going to abate that, then you have to take long-term decisions about that. So I think that's why Europe has seen the first moves. And obviously, as we've talked about before, there are a lot of policies in Europe that are continuing to drive costs up. So we've seen it not just in petrochemicals but we see it in steel. We see it in other energy-intensive industries. 
 I think we've been fortunate that we are advantaged in Europe because of our ability to crack LPGs and that's helped us tremendously. In China, some of those assets are newer and a lot of state-owned enterprises there. So it may not be at a pace that you would see the changes in Europe. But we just have to keep an eye on that. I think nobody wants to run when you're bleeding the kind of cash that we're talking about, between $100 and $200 a ton. That's pretty ugly territory. So I think you'll continue to see some changes. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander from Jefferies. 
Kevin Estok: This is Kevin Estok on for Laurence. Just to touch back on silicone trends. I was just wondering if you guys have seen any visibility into restocking in Europe and whether you've seen maybe any green shoots in construction globally. 
James Fitterling: No, I haven't seen big signs of restocking in Europe. I would say on construction trends, we are starting to see some positive things happening. When you take a look at existing home sales, even though some of the year-over-year trends are down, we're starting to see some marginal improvements, building permits are starting to tick up, which is good. So new homes -- there's a need for new homes in North America for sure. And so you're going to start to see that demand. 
 And what the team says to me is that when we start to see interest rate declines, we see a couple of interest rate declines in a row, you tend to start to see a pretty immediate uptick in the downstream demand for products that are in our polyurethanes business, our silicones business or coatings business. So we're watching closely for that. But I feel like this is more underlying demand driven, some of the markets I talked about earlier, electronics, data centers, automotive, anything that has to deal with energy and thermal management. Those have been strong. Personal care is strong. Fair amount goes into infrastructure. Infrastructure is obviously still good. So as soon as we see some pickup in the housing, I think we're going to start to see another step change. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Duffy Fischer from Goldman Sachs. 
Patrick Fischer: Yes. Just a question around your coatings and monomers business. You had volumes up but when you look at a lot of your big competitors -- or not competitors, customers who have announced already, PPG, Sherwin, [indiscernible],  their revenue was all down in Q1. What's your sense for what's happening in the coatings market this year? Are you guys overshipping, do you think, in Q1 for where the demand level for paints will be this year? And then just how do you see pricing trending in that business for you guys? 
James Fitterling: Yes, Duffy. I don't think there's any overshipping or stocking going on there. I think, obviously, some customers are more exposed to the contractor business and that's very much driven by new homes and new construction. And then there's the DIY segment. And we're pretty heavily impacted by the DIY segment, so painting existing homes or when existing homes are sold. And so we tend to see that -- that bottom tends to help us. I think, obviously, we had a very strong fourth quarter. We had some turnaround activity in first quarter and still had pretty good numbers. So I think we're well positioned for the peak of the season and second and third quarter. And also some of the monomers demand from time to time can be an added positive on that. And so it doesn't all necessarily mean it's downstream coatings. Some of the monomers going into other markets could help us out a little bit, too. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts from Mizuho. 
John Roberts: And congrats as well to both Pankaj and Andrew on the new roles. Jim, there were some reports about European warehouses and ports being jammed again with your customers' products. Do you think there's supply chain inventory building again downstream in Europe? 
James Fitterling: Any particular products, John, that you're thinking of? 
John Roberts: Just the economic magazines are talking about because of the Red Sea issues, just a lot of safety stock, I guess, being built up again across some supply chains. 
James Fitterling: I see. I haven't seen it in plastics for sure. I don't know if we've seen any of that in polyurethanes or construction chemicals. Our days of inventory are low. I mean, we're at 41 days of sales in inventory, which is 1 day better than we were in fourth quarter. So I'm certainly not seeing it in our case. And we're pretty focused in Europe on the domestic market. We're not -- we don't rely on Europe as an export hub. So I think that's to our advantage there. The Red Sea, I believe, is going to be the way it is for the next -- for the rest of the year probably. I mean, if things were resolved today, I think it would take about 6 months for the shipping channels to move back around. So I'll just -- we'll just have to keep an eye on it. It hasn't had an impact on us so far. And we're not exporting out of there. So -- and we're still expecting good operating rates in second quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Cunningham from Citigroup. 
Patrick Cunningham: You called increased demand in functional polymers for the first time in a few quarters. Can you speak to some of the specific areas of strength or products for which you're seeing increased demand? And you've also called it out as the source of some higher return, high EBITDA contribution, incremental growth projects. How meaningful is that benefit in 2024? 
James Fitterling: Yes. Functional Polymers is going to primarily be driven by infrastructure markets. You think wire and cable is big, automotive is big, golf balls is a big part of it. Footwear sales are improved. So all those areas are very robust. I'd say the power demand, electric -- you hear about it, AI, data centers but just beyond that, the energy transition, electric grids, installations of new, it could be wind, it could be offshore wind, it could be a solar farm, it could be a telecom center, it could be a data center, it could be replacement of wiring in the existing grid. 
 All of that takes the products that we sell and we're the market leader in wire and cable jacketing. So that's been big. And then I think we're kind of set up for year-over-year movements on footwear, which was a little bit slow last year. And then infrastructure also would include things tied to -- imagine membranes for aligning water basins, water treatment basins, membranes for roofing replacement. We do a lot of membranes into cool roofing for building efficiencies. So when you put a new flat roof on a building, you'll see a lot of these very white, light color roofs. We work with our customers who make that material and install those. There's a high demand for that and that's continued and commercial building and retrofits of anything from an energy efficiency standpoint still continues to be high. 
 Solar PV, I should mention, we've got a big new piece of business for solar PV encapsulation. And we put on some of the outer layers that protect the solar panels. And so this is a product that is very durable and long-lasting and it's really picked up over the last couple of years. So those would be the big drivers. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Parkinson from Wolfe Research. 
Christopher Parkinson: So Jim, there's been a lot of back and forth in the buy and the sell side communities about the $0.03 increase for April and then obviously some preliminary ideas for May. Just, where we stand right here, right now, given the U.S. macro, given where you anticipate USGC operating rates to be on a sequential basis, what's Dow's view of this? We all know what the consensus view is but what's your view in terms of how things play out during the second quarter and how that ultimately sets the tone for the second half? 
James Fitterling: We're moving up in the second quarter. I would say it almost moved up that $0.03 at the end of the first quarter. And the numbers have continued. The macroeconomic indicators have continued to get stronger, not weaker. So I think with the volume that we're seeing on the downstream derivatives with improved economic business and the consumer still being strong, I think you're going to see it move up in the second quarter. So I think we're very firm on the [ 3 ] April. And as I mentioned, we started at the low point at the end of December and we just saw steady improvement through the first quarter. And so I think we're off to start the second quarter at a much higher rate and see some momentum as we move through that quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Leithead from Barclays. 
Michael Leithead: I wanted to ask a follow-up to an earlier question on cash flow, maybe for Jeff. I guess, if you hit your EBITDA targets for this year, are you forecasting working capital to be a use of cash or a source of cash this year and to roughly what magnitude? 
James Fitterling: Mike, yes, we are actually looking at it still being a use of cash on a full year basis as we work our way through, again, the recovery for a number of the dynamics that I mentioned earlier in relation to Josh's question here. But again, as we see the earnings improve based on the volume improvements that we're anticipating, right, we will start to turn that corner. But coming from where we're coming from on our working capital today, it will be a use of cash on a full year basis. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Aleksey Yefremov from RBC Capital -- sorry, KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Aleksey Yefremov: I want to come back to silicones. Was the improvement that you saw more on the upstream silicone side or downstream? And as a follow-up, where are your downstream silicones margins relative to your mid-cycle expectations? And  therefore, what's the sort of optionality for downstream silicones improvement? 
James Fitterling: Aleksey, it's from both. We saw better demand on siloxanes and better pricing and we saw better downstream. We saw improvements in building and infrastructure, which were primarily seasonality driven. We saw gains in personal care. We saw gains in industrial and chemical processing, where some of the products are used as intermediates. We saw gains in mobility and we saw gains in consumer electronics. So all the downstream markets were up. The siloxanes demand was up. The operating rates were up. The pricing on siloxanes were up. So it was pretty balanced on both sides. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arun Viswanathan from RBC Capital Markets. 
Arun Viswanathan: I hope you guys are well and good working with you, Pankaj, as well. And so I guess my question is, you're on a run rate now of, say, $6.3 billion, $6.4 billion, $6.5 billion of annual EBITDA. Do you still think maybe mid-cycle level is around $8 billion? And if that is the case, how do you bridge kind of going from $6.5 billion to $8 billion, is that -- that $1.5 billion, would -- are there any discrete items maybe that you'd call out as far as capacity additions? Or is it mainly going to be volume recovery based? 
Jeffrey Tate: Yes, Arun, I think you're right on top of the run rate. So no comments there. I do think mid-cycle -- I mean, our view of mid-cycle is probably closer to $9 billion. And so to get to that mid-cycle run rate, obviously, we have to have another couple of step-ups to get there. Volume is a big part of it. So as I mentioned, all the projects, on the call that some that we've already put in place that equal $800 million of the step-up and the rest that we're in flight right now, that's another $1.2 billion of step-up. So that $2 billion of improved margins is all volume. 
 And most of that CapEx is either been or will be finished this year and beginning of next year. So I feel good about that. Obviously, the Path2Zero in Alberta comes later. So I think you can see that $1 billion more towards as we're getting to the next peak. That's a '27 to '29 time frame where that's coming in, '27 is Phase 1, '29 is Phase 2. And so if we've got our timing right and that's what we intended, was we got that up and running before we get into the next peak. And so I think we've got the line of sight to the volume that's going to come from here to mid-cycle. When we get to Investor Day on May 16, we're going to unpack all that volume and that trajectory. And then we've got the line of sight into the stuff that gets us greater than $3 billion by 2030, which is next peak type economics. 
 And from where we are, that's excellent growth rates for both of them. And so I feel like we've been through the worst of it here on the slowdown in the cycle. And so it should be more upside than downside from here out. 
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the conference back over to Pankaj Gupta for closing remarks. 
Pankaj Gupta: Thank you, Christa and thanks, everyone, for joining our call and we appreciate your interest in Dow. For your reference, a copy of our transcript will be posted on Dow's website within 48 hours. This concludes our call. Thanks once again. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-25 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Dow Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn it over to Dow Investor Relations' Vice President, Pankaj Gupta. Mr. Gupta, you may begin.
Pankaj Gupta: Good morning. Thank you for joining today. The accompanying slides are provided through this webcast and posted on our website. I'm Pankaj Gupta, Dow Investor Relations' Vice President. And joining me are Jim Fitterling, Dow's Chair and Chief Executive Officer, and Jeff Tate, Chief Financial Officer. Please note our comments contain forward-looking statements and are subject to the related cautionary statement contained in the earnings news release and slides. Please refer to our public filings for further information about principal risks and uncertainties. Unless otherwise specified, all financials, where applicable, exclude significant items. We also will refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in the earnings news release and slides that are posted on our website. On Slide 2 is our agenda for today's call. Jim will review our fourth quarter results, full year highlights and operating segment performance. Jeff will provide an update on the macroeconomic environment, our strong financial position through the cycle as well as the modeling guidance. To close, Jim will provide an update on key milestones for our long-term growth and sustainability roadmap, which will continue to drive shareholder value. Following that, we will take your questions. Now, let me turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Fitterling: Thank you, Pankaj. Beginning on Slide 3, in the fourth quarter, we continue to execute with discipline and advance our long-term strategy in face of a dynamic macroeconomic environment. Net sales were $10.6 billion, down 10% versus the year-ago period, reflecting declines in all operating segments. Sales were down 1% sequentially as volume gains in Packaging & Specialty Plastics were more than offset by seasonal demand declines in Performance Materials & Coatings. Volume increased 2% year-over-year, with gains across all regions except Asia Pacific, which was flat. Sequentially volume decreased by 1%, including the impact of an unplanned event from a storm that was equivalent to a Category 1 hurricane at our Baha Blanca site in Argentina. Local price decreased 13% year-over-year, with declines in all operating segments due to lower feedstocks and energy costs. Sequentially, price was flat, reflecting modest gains in most regions. Operating EBIT for the quarter was $559 million, down $42 million year-over-year, primarily driven by lower prices. Sequentially, operating EBIT was down $67 million, as gains in Packaging & Specialty Plastics were more than offset by seasonally lower volumes in Performance Materials & Coatings. Our cash flow generation and working capital management enabled us to deliver cash flow from operations of $1.6 billion in the quarter. We continued to reduce costs and focused on cash generation, completing our $1 billion of cost savings for the year. And in the fourth quarter, we pursued additional de-risking opportunities for our pension plans, including annuitization and risk transfer of $1.7 billion in pension liability and a one-time non-cash and non-operating settlement charge of $642 million. We also advanced our long-term strategy while returning $616 million to shareholders. And we reached final investment decision with our Board of Directors for our Path2Zero project in Fort Saskatchewan, Alberta. Now, turning to our full year performance on Slide 4. Our 2023 results demonstrate strong execution and a commitment to financial discipline. Against the dynamic macroeconomic backdrop, Team Dow continued to take proactive actions. As a result, we generated $5.2 billion in cash flow from operations for the year, reflecting a cash flow conversion of 96%. We also returned $2.6 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Our efforts continue to be recognized externally through industry-leading awards, certifications and recognitions, and we continue to outpace our peers on leadership diversity. I'm proud of how Team Dow is delivering for our customers, driving shareholder value and supporting our communities as we progress our long-term strategy. Now, turning to operating segment performance on Slide 5. In the Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment, operating EBIT was $664 million, up $9 million compared to the year-ago period. Results were driven by lower input costs and higher operating rates, where we closed out the year strong and hit record ethylene production levels on a full-year basis. Local price declines were driven by lower global prices, while volume increases were led by higher packaging demand, primarily in the U.S., Canada and Latin America. Sequentially, operating EBIT increased by $188 million. This was driven by higher integrated polyethylene margins, the impact of planned maintenance activity in the third quarter and higher licensing revenue. Moving to the Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure segment, operating EBIT was $15 million compared to $164 million in the year-ago period. Results were driven by lower local prices in both businesses as well as reduced supply availability in Industrial Solution. Sequentially, operating EBIT was down $6 million, driven by seasonally lower volumes in building and construction end markets, which were partially offset by seasonally higher demand for deicing fluid and higher demand for mobility applications. And in the Performance Materials & Coatings segment, operating EBIT was a loss of $61 million compared to a loss of $130 million in the year-ago period, driven by lower costs and reduced planned maintenance turnaround activity. Volume was up year-over-year, driven by higher demand in project-driven building and construction end markets. Sequentially, operating EBIT decreased $240 million, primarily due to seasonally lower volumes. Next, I'll turn it over to Jeff to review our outlook and actions on Slide 6.
Jeff Tate: Thank you, Jim. Before I begin, I'd like to mention how excited I am to have rejoined Dow last November. I've been connecting with key stakeholders, analysts and shareholders, including many of you on this call today. And I look forward to meeting with so many others in the future. After four years serving in a CFO role outside of Dow, I'm pleased to see that Dow's culture of execution, commitment to advancing our ambition and the focus everyone has demonstrated on delivering on our financial priorities since then remains. This is an exciting time for the company. As CFO, I'm proud to carry forward Dow's commitment to maintaining a disciplined and balanced approach to capital allocation over the economic cycle as we advance our growth strategies and deliver long-term value for shareholders. Now, for our outlook on Slide 6. As we enter 2024, we expect near-term demand to remain pressured by elevated inflation, high interest rates and geopolitical tension, particularly in building and construction and durable goods end markets. That said, we are seeing some initial positive indicators. While inflation is still elevated compared to pre-COVID levels, the growth rate is moderating, supporting more stable economic conditions. In addition, the destocking that began in late 2022 has largely run its course, resulting in low inventory levels throughout most of our value chains. In the U.S., industrial activity continues to be moderate. In December, industrial production increased 1% year-over-year, and chemical railcar loadings are up 9.6% in January versus the prior year. U.S. consumer spending has remained resilient with retail trade sales up 4.8% in December. We're also encouraged by recent forecast from the American Coatings Association, which expects market demand to grow approximately 3% in 2024 following three consecutive years of declines. In Europe, while inflation has moderated, consumer demand remains weak with retail trade sales down 1.1% year-over-year in November. In December, manufacturing PMI remains in contractionary territory and new car registrations fell 3.3% year-over-year after 16 consecutive months of growth. We continue to monitor China where we see improving conditions, which could provide a source of demand recovery following the Lunar New Year. Industrial production was up 6.8% year-over-year last month, exceeding market estimates of 6.6%. December auto sales also continue to be strong in China, supported by year-end incentives. In other regions around the world, industrial activity remains constructive. While India Manufacturing PMI remains expansionary, ASEAN Manufacturing PMI entered contractionary territory last month. In Mexico, November marked the 25th consecutive month of industrial production growth. On Slide 7, our competitive advantages, early cycle growth investments and operational discipline position us well to capitalize on a recovery and deliver growth when economic conditions improve. Our differentiated portfolio with structurally advantaged assets, global scale and strong cost positions enable us to competitively support global demand growth over the cycle. Healthy oil to gas spreads supported by growing natural gas and NGL production in U.S. favor our cost advantage and ability to capture margin momentum. We've also taken actions to position the company for profitable growth, including ongoing execution of near-term investments that are expected to deliver approximately $2 billion in incremental underlying EBITDA by mid-decade. In addition, we've improved our cost profile, delivering $1 billion in targeted savings in 2023 that included lower plant maintenance spending and structural improvements to raw materials, logistics and utility costs. In addition, more than 90% of the 2,000 impacted roles exited by year-end. Our strong balance sheet allows us to navigate the bottom of the cycle and have the strength to capitalize on the next upside in the global economy. Turning to our outlook for the first quarter on Slide 8. In the Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment, lower feedstock and energy costs will be more than offset by lower earnings from non-recurring licensing activity from the prior quarter, resulting in a $25 million headwind. Additionally, we expect a $50 million headwind due to higher plant maintenance activity at select energy assets in the U.S. Gulf Coast. In the Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure segment, we expect margin expansion on higher MDI and MEG spreads as well as lower European energy costs, resulting in a $50 million tailwind. Increased season demand for deicing fluid is expected to provide a $25 million tailwind despite being partly offset by continued weakness in consumer durables demand. We also expect a headwind of $50 million due to planned maintenance activity in the quarter, primarily related to a PDH turnaround and catalyst change. In the Performance Materials & Coatings segment, downward pressure is expected to continue due to excess supply from competitive supply additions that will keep margins at depressed levels. However, we expect higher seasonal demand in building and construction end markets to contribute $150 million tailwind for the segment. We also expect higher planned maintenance turnaround activity at our Deer Park acrylic monomers site and PDH to result in a $50 million headwind in the quarter. With all the puts and takes, we expect first quarter earnings to be approximately $25 million to $50 million above fourth quarter performance. Next, I'll turn it back to Jim.
Jim Fitterling: Thank you, Jeff. Moving to Slide 9, our Decarbonize & Grow and Transform the Waste strategies uniquely position us to capitalize on demand for more sustainable and circular solutions across our attractive market verticals. Altogether, by 2030, these investments enable us to deliver an increase of more than $3 billion to our underlying earnings through the cycle, while reducing scope 1 and 2 emissions by 5 million metric tons and commercializing 3 million metric tons of circular and renewable solutions annually. In November, we reached the key milestone as our Path2Zero project in Fort Saskatchewan, Alberta achieved final investment decision by our Board of Directors. We also continue to advance our Transform the Waste strategy via intentional actions, strategic partnerships and offtake agreements. In the fourth quarter, Valoregen's 15,000 ton per year mechanical recycling line in France achieved mechanical completion. And Mura Technology in the UK commenced commissioning, which is expected to contribute 20,000 tons per year of advanced recycling capacity. Both Valoregen and Mura expect to reach commercialization in the first half of this year. As a next step of our sustainability strategy, Dow has established a Green Finance Framework, which was published on our Investor website today. This allows us to further align our funding with our goals and targets, while also providing an opportunity for the investor community to take part in the execution of our sustainability strategy. Altogether, we remain confident in our long-term earnings growth with continued focus on a more sustainable future, while maintaining a disciplined and balanced approach to capital allocation. Now, turning to Slide 10, polyethylene demand is expected to continue to grow at approximately 1.2 times to 1.4 times GDP through 2050. A growing population, regulations and consumer preferences support this. And our customers have expressed an increasing need for low and zero carbon emissions and circular products. As global demand grows, no new cost-advantaged ethylene capacity is expected to come online in North America until the late 2026 to 2027 timeframe, which is expected to tighten the supply-demand balance in the near term. We are well positioned to capture new and growing demand with our existing assets and partnership agreements. In addition, we are investing in low-carbon emissions infrastructure to capture growing demand for polyethylene as you will see on Slide 11. Our Fort Saskatchewan project will build upon the strong foundation of our Texas-9 cracker where we have proven our best-in-class execution, capital efficiency, reliability and emissions reduction. Canada's feedstock cost advantage provides Dow with lower cash cost compared to the rest of the world, even more advantaged than the U.S. Gulf Coast. We also anticipate potential upside from the commercialization of low and zero emissions products. Total CapEx spend is expected to be $6.5 billion on this to keep growth project, excluding any incentives, with Dow's total enterprise CapEx to ramp in 2024 to approximately $3 billion and exceed depreciation and amortization levels annually through 2027. We remain committed to keeping our CapEx within D&A across the economic cycle and expect to return to those levels as we complete this project. We expect to receive governmental support totaling more than $1.5 billion in cash and tax incentives that will bring the net capital outlay for this project to $5 billion. The majority of these incentives are expected to be received by Dow through 2030, which is closely aligned with our CapEx deployment for the project. We will begin construction in the first half of 2024 with Phase 1 startup of approximately 1.3 million tons per year of capacity expected in 2027. In Phase 2, we will add another 600,000 tons of capacity, which is expected to start up in 2029. Phase 2 also includes the retrofit of our existing cracker, reducing net 1 million metric tons per year of CO2 Scope 1 and 2 emissions. Closing on Slide 12, the actions we've taken since spin have strengthened our balance sheet, increased cash flow and enhanced the financial flexibility and resilience of our business. In 2023, we built on that foundation moving swiftly to deliver $1 billion in cost savings and focus on cash generation as economic conditions remain challenging. As a result, we delivered on all of our capital allocation priorities, including a fully funded dividend, $625 million of share repurchases and growth investments, all while maintaining the strongest balance sheet we've ever had at this part of the cycle. With all of our debt at fixed rate, we have no substantive debt maturities due until 2027 and $13 billion of available liquidity. Additionally, we have returned approximately 90% of our net income to shareholders since spin, well above our 65% target across the economic cycle. With global reach, presence in attractive end markets and advantaged cost position in early-stage growth investments in flight, we are well positioned to capture attractive growth opportunities as economic conditions recover. With that, I'll turn it back to Pankaj to open the Q&A.
Pankaj Gupta: Thank you, Jim. Now, let's move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks as well as the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Hassan Ahmed from Alembic Global. Your line is open.
Hassan Ahmed: Good morning, Jim. Jim, a couple of times through the prepared remarks you talked about inventory. It just seems that there are two camps out there in terms of the thought process with regards to what a potential restocking may look like, and I'd love to hear your views about that. On one side of the debate, people are sitting there and saying, hey, look, since the second half of 2022, the destocking was quite significant, and maybe as and when we should expect an equally impressive restock. But then on the other side of the camp, you have some of the folks sort of debating that buying cartons across the supply chain has changed quite dramatically coming out of the pandemic and maybe a restock could not look that impressive. So, I'd love to hear your views. And if you could also sort of elaborate on that within some of the main product chains, be it polyethylene, polyurethanes and the like?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Hassan. I think that's a great question. I think one of the reasons that December and fourth quarter ended up stronger than expected, especially I'll use Packaging & Specialty Plastics as an example, was because you had a pretty mixed year in 2023. And in December, you can sometimes see the behavior of that. In the last half of December, things slowdown and people manage cash and they don't buy. That was not what we experienced in December. We actually experienced strong demand right through the month. I don't think that's an indication of restocking, but I do think it's an indication that inventories are low through the supply chain and the consumer demand was resilient, and so people had to buy to keep their supply chains moving. So, I would say through the value chains today and almost all the businesses, it looks like there's not an excess of inventory out there. And as demand is coming, people are having to buy to keep the chains full. Secondly, inventories are low in areas like P&SP, Industrial Solutions, because the arbitrage is open and our own footprint, 85% of our own global footprint is in light cracking jurisdiction, where we crack ethane and propane which have been highly advantaged. And so that's what allowed us to set an ethylene record for the year. I would say we're not -- I don't think we're in a restocking cycle yet. I think people are coming together around the soft landing here. I mean, we're seeing positive signs on housing permits. That doesn't turn into housing demand until we start to see, say, maybe interest rates come down. If interest rates come down in the second quarter, maybe you start to see some pickup in housing construction, and that starts to show up more toward the back half of the year. You've got to remember that energy costs are low, and so people are thinking that energy costs are low and I'm still able to buy at reasonable prices going forward. There may not be a reason for them to do a big restock right now. But this will turn. And as energy costs start to move up and the whole complex starts to move up with demand, I think at that point, I think we would be wise to keep our eye on what's happening with the potential for restock. It might just be a little soon right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Sison from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Mike Sison: Hey, guys. Nice end of the year. I'm just curious, you had good volume growth in PSP in the Q4. Do you expect that to continue into the first? And maybe any thoughts on how your operating rates for polyethylene will sort of improve sequentially and the cadence for the year?
Jim Fitterling: Yeah. Thanks, Michael. Good question. Operating rates in the advantaged regions, especially Canada, U.S., Gulf Coast, Argentina, we're strong through the end of the year. I mentioned ethylene production record. We saw rates above 90% in those regions for the fourth quarter. And obviously we saw a little bit of an improvement in Europe. I'd say the Suez Canal situation means not as much material from the Middle East is flowing into Europe, and so that's given Europe a little bit of a lift on operating rates as we go into the first quarter, and of course with propane being where it is, we're cracking LPGs in Terneuzen and Tarragona, and that's helping out a bit there. I would say I think P&SP is going to continue to see good volume growth. That's what our outlook is going forward. The Industrial Solutions is holding up relatively well. We have our own self-inflicted issue with Plaquemine Glycol plant, but I'm expecting that back up in second quarter. And we're watching carefully on construction chemicals demand and durable goods to see if we see an uptick there. We saw some good movement in consumer electronics, and so that's got me a little bit optimistic.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vincent Andrews: Hi, thanks. Maybe two quick ones for me. Just on Slide 7, you have some project starts that are going from '24 to '26. Talk about how material some of that might be for 2024? And then also if you could just give us an update on what you did with the pension ending the year?
Jim Fitterling: Yes. On project starts, we've got the things that we've got coming up, obviously, is we've got some alkoxylation capacity that came up in '22 and '23, it's running really well. We started up the MDI distillation facility in Freeport in the third quarter. I think that will start to show some positive benefit to us as we move forward. That's about a 30% increase in MDI distillation, and also reduction of a footprint getting us out of the La Porte site. We've got CDF alkoxylation, second wave expansion in fourth quarter of this year, and then Terneuzen in fourth quarter of 2025, both of that supports growing demand and energy and also consumer solutions and pharma business, so that's good. Amines business for carbon capture is growing well, and so that's good. If you look at plastics industry, there's really no new capacity coming out in plastics say one train at the Shell plant in the United States. Otherwise, all the plastics capacity is in the market, inventories are low, export channels running strong, and we saw volume growth year-over-year in the fourth quarter. So, I feel good about the overall outlook for plastics as we're going into 2024. When you get into polyolefins, our polyurethanes and propylene oxide, a little bit different story. That capacity come on in China. We've seen the same in siloxanes last year. I think we're working through that. The silicones growth is going to eat up that siloxane capacity, but we've got to see the durable goods market and the housing markets come back to tighten up PO. Propylene Glycol side has been strong. But as you know housing and automotive drives PPE a lot. Those two things drive the propylene markets and we're going to keep a close eye on them.
Operator: Your next question...
Jim Fitterling: Jeff, do you want to cover pension and what we did?
Jeff Tate: Sure, Jim. As we've been communicating to the Street here in recent quarters, one of the things that we're consistently looking to do as we're solidifying our financial position is look for ways to derisk our pension plans. And one of those could be around annuitization as well as risk transfer of our liabilities. So specifically in fourth quarter, we were actually able to reduce our pension liabilities by $1.7 billion. The execution of those transactions did not require any additional cash from the company. As Jim mentioned in some of his opening remarks, the impact of that was a one-time non-cash non-operating settlement charge of $640 million in the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. Recently, there was a cold snap in Texas. And I didn't notice that there was any penalty in EBITDA for the first quarter. Are you still assessing what the amounts might be, or do you think that it's zero? And then, secondly, you pulled out $1 billion in costs. Can you allocate the $1 billion across your three segments?
Jim Fitterling: Sure. I'll take the cold snap, and then, Jeff, I'll have you take a look at the costs. Look, on the freeze, Jeff, I just want to go back, two years ago, this is the third consecutive year of freeze on the Gulf Coast. And we've improved plans every year to be able to be ready for that. This year will be the lowest impact we've had of any of the three years. And so, the big impacts that hit us were at Deer Park and at Seadrift, but almost all of that is back up and running now. So, we were able to rebound pretty quickly. You never go completely unscathed, but I think we managed through it pretty well. We haven't had to disrupt any customers because of downtime. And I think we're going to recover pretty strong here and be running hard by the end of this month. So, I feel that we've navigated it pretty well. And we didn't see enough of an impact that we put that into first quarter estimates. I think our biggest delta in first quarter is we've got quite a few turnarounds in the first quarter, and so that's our biggest impact about $200 million of turnarounds in the quarter -- $150 million. And then, we expect some margin and some seasonality in first quarter, say, plus $200 million on margins and minus $150 million on turnarounds in the quarter. So that's the biggest net-net on the first quarter '24 guidance. Jeff, do you want to hit how the $1 billion costs fell across the business?
Jeff Tate: Absolutely, Jim. In the simplest terms, about 50% of those cost savings are in P&FP, 20% to 25% are in the other two segments, respectively, and we also have a little bit in corporate as well. So, pretty well distributed based on our operations and our revenues as well.
Jim Fitterling: We ended the year at a $1.4 billion run rate on that. So, if you look at full year 2024, Jeff, we still got another $400 million coming in in terms of the cost savings for '24, but we have $200 million of higher turnarounds in 2024, so net-net $200 million coming into 2024. I hope that covers what you're looking for.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Byrne from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Steve Byrne: Yes. Thank you. I'd like to get some help from you on why were the earnings in PM&C so much lower than what you were expecting, say, in the third quarter slide deck. Would you attribute this to just lower pricing, higher raws? Help me on this one. And maybe in particular, coatings, you've got a key customer raising price and targeting mid-single digit lower raws. Your propylene costs are higher. Why not able to push more price in this segment, or cut back on operating rates or something along those lines? What's your outlook for that segment?
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Good question, Steve. I'd say starting at the top, siloxanes and monomers in the silicones -- siloxanes and silicones and monomers and coatings and monomers are both oversupplied. So that put pressure obviously on both volume and pricing in the quarter. And you had volumes decrease sequentially across all regions and all markets, and that's not unusual, especially in coatings and monomers, that's pretty typical in fourth quarter that we would see that. But silicones was a little bit softer. And I think that was the biggest delta there. Year-over-year, they were down on price, which was because of that supply demand for both siloxane and acrylic monomers. The downstream in terms of the coat -- the binders business and coating held up relatively well and actually had decent volumes in the fourth quarter. So, what we supply to the downstream, coatings customers look good. And as we mentioned, our view going forward is about a 3% increase this year in downstream coatings. And I'd say downstream silicones demand continues to hold up pretty well. I'd say one thing we're keeping an eye on is what happens with EV volume production. EV drives a lot of silicones content, a lot into batteries. And so, we need to keep an eye on that. But the other segments in silicones are also on pretty substantial growth for 2024. It's those upstream monomers markets that we're going to keep an eye on. And I think things will start to tighten up a bit in China and that will help on siloxanes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Spector from UBS. Your line is open.
Josh Spector: Yes, hi. Good morning. I was wondering if you could comment on your polyethylene price assumptions in the first quarter. I think within your bridge, you talk about lower costs and some other moving pieces, but there's not really anything there on price. So, are you assuming that you get positive pricing in February and March like some of the consultant data shows? Are you assuming something different? Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Josh. We've got $0.05 price increases on the table for January and February. I would say, globally, we're looking pretty flat quarter-over-quarter on pricing. I'm expecting to see some price up in EMEA. I mentioned the Suez Canal and the impact that had on Middle East volumes going up into EMEA. So, I think we're going to see that up. I think we're going to see price up in Asia Pacific. I think we're going to see it relatively flat in the Americas. Integrated margins for the Americas ought to be about where they were in the fourth quarter. Integrated margins in Europe should be up a few cents, that's what the market markers will look at right now. And input costs are in line. I mean, even though we have that cold snap, natural gas costs are very competitive. Ethane costs are very competitive. Propane, they're a little bit high because of the heating demand. But I think that may start to come off a little bit as we move through this cold spell.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. Jim, you highlight the U.S. chemical railcar loading is up 10%. What do you think is driving that? And given the strong start to the quarter, do you expect volumes to be up in all three segments in Q1? Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: Yeah. Look, I think on chemical railcar loading, industrial production in the U.S. is starting to come back. The U.S. has a tremendous cost advantage. Operating rates in most of the sectors are up. And I think the destocking being -- it's always hard to have enough visibility to call the end of it, but I think what we saw in December were signs that destocking has worked through. So, any downstream demand is turning into orders and I think that's what you're seeing with the railcar loadings. Also remember, railcars service the Mexican market as well. Mexico has been very strong. They've benefited a lot from near-shoring. And so, having both China volumes up and Mexico volumes up, I think is a positive here. I would say, on volumes, my expectations, we have volume growth for all three segments for 2024. I think that's going to start the materialize. I think plastics is underway right now. I think construction, chemicals, housing-related demand on polyurethanes will probably be geared more towards the back half of the year. I think downstream silicones, Industrial Solutions will be throughout the year, and then we'll have a step up in Industrial Solution when we get the Glycol 2 plant back in Plaquemines. And I think I can speak for the business here. As soon as we get that plant back up, we'll have it sold out. So, we're working really hard to get that thing back online.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Dan Rizzo: Hi. This is Dan Rizzo on for Laurence. Thank you for taking my call. Can we just discuss your strategy on mechanical recycling? What do you expect by 2030? And longer term, do you expect that to outgrow the market?
Jim Fitterling: Yeah. I think when we look at -- if you look at what we put in the deck on polyethylene demand, our view is that both mechanical recycling and advanced recycling are going to continue to grow. There's going to be demand drivers to grow all of those segments. We're in the middle of discussions on a global plastics treaty right now. We've got a big conference in Ottawa at the end of April, beginning of May. There's another one in Korea toward the end of the year. And I think what's coalescing around the industry and also the consumer brand owners and some of the NGOs that we work with, there's a focus on enhanced producer responsibility as part of it to drive circularity, focus on recycled content mandates, a focus on all forms of recycling and bio-based products that are made from waste or alternative feedstocks and in some cases like we have a project that's making bio-based materials from waste from corn production, corn stover that's used to convert into bio feedstocks. You're going to see demand all forms of that in place. We've got some capacity coming up in Europe. And we started there because the enhanced producer responsibility. The teams are there. Some of the mandates are there. And the demand from the downstream is very strong. That's coming when you look around the states in the United States. That's coming in Canada. I think we're going to see it come globally. So, I feel that over time you're going to see more focus on low-carbon fossil approaches like we're doing with Alberta. So, how can you make plastics from fossil fuels that have zero CO2 emissions. You're going to see focus on advanced recycling and mechanical recycling. And all of the above and we're just going to place bets in different regions based on what the market demand dictates. Good uptake from the customers. We see good volume growth there. We see pricing ahead of virgin materials. And of course virgin materials are relatively low right now. And we continue to work to get plants certified with ISCC PLUS so that we can certify that recycle content for our customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy from Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, good morning. Jim, on a year-to-date basis, we've seen polyethylene export prices rise by, let's say, $0.04 to $0.05 a pound. I'm curious as to what you think is driving that. Would you attribute that pattern to better demand or some of the logistics challenges that have emerged in the Red Sea or perhaps other factors? And then maybe as a related question, if you don't have any unplanned outages, how hard do you think you might be able to run your U.S. Gulf Coast ethylene-linked assets in the first quarter? Just trying to get a sense of whether the export market might be strong enough to lift up the U.S. domestic market.
Jim Fitterling: Yeah. Good question, Kevin. I would say if you look back at 2023, in the first half of the year, really the limit on PE export volumes and prices were just more on the volume side, on the supply chain side, it was the ability to get marine pack cargo moving. That improved considerably as we worked through the year. In fact, December was one of the highest months of the year for PE export sales and we've got the export channel full and lined up. And overall, we're running Canada, United States, Argentina as hard as we can. We ran at rates on crackers above 90% for the back part of the year, especially in fourth quarter. And so, to your point, unconstrained, if there's no freeze impact or anything else, we're going to be running them hard. The arbitrage is open. The volumes are there. We had up double-digit volumes for the year in plastics going to China. We actually were up year-over-year in China on P&SP as well as Industrial Solutions, and I think a little bit in Coatings -- Consumer Solutions, I'm sorry, in Consumer Solutions. So, we were off in Industrial Solutions because of Plaquemine outage, but we were up in -- slightly up in PE, slightly up in Consumer Solutions, and up double digits in P&SP. So, I think the market is there and that is -- everybody is talking about China being relatively light GDP last year and we can move those kind of volumes. My expectations are taking actions that are going to help 2024 be better. As we do the walk on 2024 for the full year EBITDA walk, we've got about $300 million of margin expansion. So, we start with $5.4 billion in 2023 of EBITDA. We have about $300 million from margin expansion. We've got about $800 million from volume growth that's in all three segments. We've got turnarounds which cost us $200 million. And then we've got about $100 million of improvement from equity earnings in the JVs. So, net-net, you're walking it up to the $6.4 billion, $6.5 billion, kind of a range for 2024. And I think with soft landing scenario in the United States, that will help domestic market. We saw good domestic volume in PE as well here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Frank Mitsch from Fermium Research. Your line is open.
Frank Mitsch: Good morning. And Jeff, nice to hear your voice again. Hey, Jim, really appreciate that walk up into 2024. I want to take a step back to Slide 7, where you talked about the projects mid cycle that started up in 2022, should contribute $400 million. The projects that started up in '23 should contribute another $400 million. Can you just look at those $800 million worth of mid cycle earnings and suggest what you're anticipating they're going to contribute in 2024?
Jim Fitterling: Yeah. I think, Frank, I think coming back to that and I probably didn't answer what Vince was asking very well at the beginning. I think you're probably looking back half of this year to 2025 before you start to see mid cycle types of returns. We're not to mid cycle yet. I mean, obviously, we're navigating the bottom here. But I think with interest rates potentially coming off in the first half of the year some amount that stimulates some demand and mid cycle probably get there. So, maybe $300 million to $400 million of that you'll see in 2024, the balance into 2025.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Duffy Fischer from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Duffy Fischer: Hey, good morning. If you could just on the $50 million to $100 million on the equity income improvement, can you walk through your major JVs and just kind of say what's additive, what's subtractive from that number?
Jim Fitterling: Yeah. Sure. I think you're going to see on the Sadara JVs year-over-year should be up, I don't know, I'd say about $100 million. Remember they had some outages in the first part of the year. So they had some volume impact in the first part of the year. And obviously, they're seeing the same improvements in arbitrage that we're seeing out of U.S. Gulf Coast. You're going to see Kuwait JVs up about $60 million. Obviously, that's the strength on ethylene glycol. We saw a bit of that in the fourth quarter and their ability to run hard as well. I think the Thai JVs will be down. A lot of pressure obviously on naphtha cracking and they're based on naphtha cracking. So, I expect them to be down about $20 million, and then everything else down about $30 million. So, net-net, you're up about $100 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts from Mizuho. Your line is open.
John Roberts: Thanks. And it looks like a pretty smooth transition in finance, so congratulations on the stability there. I believe you were considering some additional infrastructure divestments. Could you give us an update on that?
Jim Fitterling: Sure. And nice to hear your voice on the call, John. Welcome back. Yeah, we've got a number of non-product producing infrastructure assets that we continue to evaluate. We have in flight for this year greater than $1 billion. I think maybe even greater than $1.5 billion of additional cash proceeds from transactions related to that. We had a very successful divestiture in 2020 of our rail and marine infrastructure assets, and that is working well. And the idea was there was to liberate some cash, but keep a competitive cost structure. And that same mindset is in place here. And we think obviously the cash proceeds are going to help us with reinvesting in revenue-generating assets like the Alberta project as we move forward. And then, the other cash-related kind of unique levers to Dow for the year is we've got the last part of the settlement from the Nova litigation, we should wind all that up and that's about $500 million for the year. So, I'd say net-net, we're pursing north of $1.5 billion plus the Nova litigation to try to get those kind of unique cash levers into the company. Anything else you want to add, Jeff?
Jeff Tate: Yes, Jim. The only other thing -- and good morning, John, and thank you. The only other thing I would add is the working capital -- structural working capital improvement opportunities that we'll continue to focus on. If you recall, we reduced eight days and made eight days of improvement around our cash conversion cycle since spin. So, tremendous work across Team Dow. We're going to look to continue to get at least another one to two days of improvements out of that, which should also give us another unique to Dow cash lever.
John Roberts: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Cunningham from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Patrick Cunningham: Hi, good morning. So you mentioned -- in II&I, you mentioned turnarounds maybe weighted towards the first quarter, Plaquemine coming back in 2Q, Freeport bringing on the increase in MDI distillation. Should we expect more significant sequential earnings improvement through the year, and maybe help size where we can exit the year for this segment? And then if you could also just briefly comment on what's driving the direction of MDI and MEG spreads into 1Q, that would be great. Thanks.
Jim Fitterling: Yeah. I think generically that's true, Patrick, that I think you'll see that build through the year. First quarter, obviously, we mentioned the turnaround. But second quarter, we expect to get Glycol 2 back in Plaquemine, that will be positive. And then the third quarter will be more positive, so it will ramp into the back half of the year. On isocyanates, obviously, the biggest driver is on construction-related and durable goods related markets. Obviously, there's some impact in automotive as well, any of the rigids is where most of that volume gets consumed. So as that -- those volumes start to pick up, you'll start to see MDI take off. And that's usually a driver of value across the entire portfolio, both the polyols and the MDI side of things. So, I'm hoping that we start to stimulate some of that demand in the back half of the year. And I think it was what China is doing in the markets, in the financial markets to try to stimulate some things. Could be between U.S. interest rates and what's going on in China that we see some momentum build in the back half of this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Leithead from Barclays. Your line is open.
Mike Leithead: Great. Thank you. Good morning. Two questions on your Sadara joint venture. First, I believe there was a report earlier this month that Aramco is raising feedstock prices. Will that impact Sadara, or should we expect input cost there to remain relatively flat? And second, EBITDA remains quite depressed right now relative to net debt at the JV. Can we expect any further restructuring or cash infusion needed over the next year or so? Or is the runway there sufficient to get back to, say, more mid-cycle type EBITDA levels?
Jim Fitterling: Yeah, it's a good question. We've had no cash contributions that needed to be made to Sadara '21, '22, '23. I'm not expecting any going forward. Sadara itself, like us, when you navigate the bottom of the cycle, it's focusing on self-help actions to try to pull levers to keep costs down. There is talk in the kingdom about a raise and feedstock prices, and so we'll obviously have a look at things that we can do within Sadara to offset those costs. But those haven't taken hold just yet. And then obviously, the market comes back. Sadara is very levered to oil price. And so, oil clears the market for plastics, especially because that drives the Asia Pacific operating prices and costs. And so, when oil price comes up, which the expectations are that, that's going to be constructive as we move into '25 and beyond, there hasn't been a lot of investment in oil production, demand is back above -- demand for oil is back above where we were pre-pandemic, and yet we have big parts of the market that are not back about where we were pre-pandemic. So, I think the outlook for demand is that the demand is going to come as the global markets improve, but the supply is going to lag. And so, we're sitting here at $80 oil, that could firm up. You could start to see the top end of oil be pitched more toward $90, $100 as you get into the '25, '26 timeframe. And that has a pretty substantial impact to the bottom-line in Sadara. So near term, we're going to navigate our cost at Sadara to keep the cost down and to be able to handle those feedstock costs longer term, obviously lean into the market as the economy improves.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Aleksey Yefremov from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Jim, you just made a couple of comments that siloxanes capacity could be absorbed by demand growth. And to me, you sound a little more positive here than in the past. Do you think this upstream silicones market could see margin uplift maybe within the next 12 months? Or is this a longer-term project?
Jim Fitterling: Yeah. If you look at the amount of capacity that's coming on in 2024 versus what came on in '23, it's down quite a bit. You've got a couple of projects. There's four projects in China that are coming on, and I think a couple of them could delay beyond 2024. The downstream markets have been continuing to grow, and we've been continuing to invest in debottlenecking. It's just the amount of upstream that's come on has added to that. The other positive that's happened is, obviously, silicon metal prices have come down, too. And so that helps on the input side of things. So I think you're going to see that as the downstream demand continues to improve and as globally coming continues to improve, we're going to see that as the project pipeline for buildings continues to grow, and remember, this goes into everything. It can go into high-rise buildings, it can go into new airports, it can go into schools and all kinds of other construction. Those are big volume pools. I think as you start to see construction activity pick up, then you're going to see that ramp. We're seeing strong demand in areas, obviously, EVs were a big part of it, 5G and connectivity is a big part of it, data centers. So as you're looking at things like how to handle cooling on data centers, silicon fluids or dielectrics and some immersive cooling applications in data centers, which are big energy hogs and need energy efficiency, that's a growth area for us as well. And then, the normal downstream demand in consumer goods and beauty care products continues to be good. So, I'm optimistic. Maybe it may take more into late '24 and into '25 to see it, but I do feel like we're going to start to move toward mid-cycle in 2025.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arun Viswanathan from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Arun Viswanathan: Great. Thanks for taking my question. So that's a good segue actually to what I was thinking but it was -- if you think about the guidance that you're issuing here for Q1, it looks to be in the $1.3 billion or so level for EBITDA, give or take a little bit. But annualizing that will get you to $5.2 billion and then maybe add in a little bit for seasonality, it gets you to closer to $6 billion. Would you consider that kind of trough-like conditions? And as you move through the year in '24, what are some of the things that makes you excited that we could maybe achieve mid-cycle by -- when you're exiting the year? And I guess maybe if you can just comment on what your expectations are for China growth going forward? Obviously, we'll likely see maybe a slower growth environment for the next four or five years versus the last four or five years. Just wanted to get your thoughts on that as well. Thanks.
Jim Fitterling: Yeah. I think the things that are constructed to me as we're moving forward is no new capacity coming in, in Packaging & Specialty Plastics. You've got high operating rates in all the cost advantaged regions of the world. And you've got export arbitrage window open to China, as I mentioned, double-digit growth for us in China. And I think our view is we're able to move -- continue to move products. India has been strong. So, we're moving product into India. Mexico has been really strong. We supply a lot of plastics to Mexico by rail. I think that's all positive. I would say our view in Americas, our view in Asia Pacific as China comes back, so will the rest of Asia Pacific, and then our view in Europe is a bit mixed. Energy cost is better in Europe, which I think in the short term helps. It's not as big a drag as it was. But I think longer term, Europe has got some structural issues if we can't get energy costs down even lower. It puts a big weight on the consumer, which puts a big weight on demand, it puts additional weight on the industrial economy. So fortunately, we've got some cost advantage positions there that help us, and I think we'll navigate through that. Back half of the year, we've got Industrial Solutions coming back to full strength. We've got our new projects coming on. I just mentioned $300 million to $400 million from that. That's all in that volume growth number that I talked about. And the margin expansion is just the oil to gas spread on our existing business and the strength that we're going to see in some pricing in polyethylene for the year. So, I think we're going to ramp in to '25, get ourselves kind of back on to a mid-cycle run rate and we're going to -- in the meantime, we're going to pull the levers like we've been doing to manage cash, keep the balance sheet strong, be the first mover in the next wave with the Alberta project, just like we were with Texas-9. This is the right time to do it. This is the time to lock-in the low cost for construction, and we're ready to roll.
Operator: This ends our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Gupta for closing remarks.
Pankaj Gupta: Yes. Thanks, Rob. Thank you, everyone, for joining our call, and we appreciate your interest in Dow. For your reference, a copy of transcript will be posted on Dow's website in approximately 48 hours. This concludes our call. Thank you again.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-24 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Dow Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Dow Investor Relations, Vice President, Pankaj Gupta. Mr. Gupta, you may begin.
Pankaj Gupta: Good morning. Thank you for joining today. The accompanying slides are provided through this webcast and posted on our website. I'm Pankaj Gupta, Dow Investor Relations, Vice President; and joining me are Jim Fitterling, Dow's Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and Howard Ungerleider, President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note our comments contain forward-looking statements and are subject to the related cautionary statements contained in the earnings news release and slides. Please refer to our public filings for further information about principal risks and uncertainties. Unless otherwise specified, all financials, where applicable, exclude significant items. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in the earnings news release and slides that are posted on our website. On Slide 2, you will see the agenda for our call. Jim will review our third quarter results and operating segment performance. Howard will provide an update on our cost savings actions and financial position and share our outlook and modeling guidance. To close, Jim will outline how our long-term growth and sustainability roadmap continues to enable value creation as we navigate challenging short-term dynamics. Following that, we will take your questions. Now let me turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Fitterling: Thank you, Pankaj. Beginning on Slide 3. For the third quarter, we continued to advance our long-term strategy while also taking action to reduce costs and maximize cash generation in the face of slow global macroeconomic activity and higher sequential feedstock costs. In particular, we continue to implement targeted actions to deliver $1 billion in cost savings in 2023 and delivered a sequential improvement to operating cash flow of more than $300 million. Net sales were $10.7 billion, down 24% versus the year ago period reflecting declines in all operating segments due to slower global macroeconomic activity. Sales were down 6% sequentially as volume gains were more than offset by lower local prices. Volume decreased 6% year-over-year, mainly due to lower merchant Hydrocarbons and Energy sales. Volume was up 1% sequentially, led by gains in Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure and Performance Materials & Coatings. Volume was up 3% sequentially, excluding merchant sales and Hydrocarbons & Energy with gains across all operating segments. Local price decreased 18% year-over-year with declines in all operating segments and regions, primarily due to lower feedstock and energy costs. Sequentially, price was down 7%, primarily in Europe, the Middle East, Africa and India or EMEAI. Operating EBIT for the quarter was $626 million, down from $1.2 billion in the year ago period and $885 million in the prior quarter. Our consistent focus on cash flow generation and working capital management enabled team Dow to generate cash flow from operations of $1.7 billion, resulting in a cash flow conversion of 129% for the quarter and 103% on a trailing 12-month basis. We continue to invest in our long-term strategic priority while also returning $617 million to shareholders in the quarter through dividends and share repurchases. Year-to-date, we've returned nearly $2 billion to shareholders. Our cash flow generation continues to enable Dow to fully cover its capital allocation priorities. And our balance sheet remains the best it has been in four decades, supported by strong investment-grade credit ratings with no substantive long-term debt maturities due until 2027. Now turning to our operating segment performance on Slide 4. In the Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment, operating EBIT was $476 million compared to $785 million in the year ago period. Local price declines were driven by lower polyethylene and olefin prices in all regions, primarily as a result of lower global energy costs. Volume declined as increased polyethylene demand across all regions was more than offset by lower volumes in merchant hydrocarbons and energy sales. Sequentially, operating EBIT decreased by $442 million, driven by lower integrated polyethylene margins, increased planned maintenance activity and lower licensing revenue. Moving to the Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure segment, operating EBIT was $21 million compared to $167 million in the year ago period. Results were driven by lower prices and demand in both businesses as well as reduced supply availability due to an unplanned event in Industrial Solutions at our Louisiana operations. Sequentially, operating EBIT was up $56 million driven by volume gains and lower costs, which were partly offset by the Louisiana event. And in the Performance Materials & Coatings segment, operating EBIT was $179 million compared to $302 million in the year ago period, driven by local price declines in both businesses. Volume was down as gains in commercial building and construction end markets were more than offset by lower demand for personal care and coatings applications and residential construction. Sequentially, operating EBIT increased $113 million, driven by higher operating rates and cost savings. Next, I'll turn it over to Howard to review our outlook and actions on Slide 5.
Howard Ungerleider: Thank you, Jim. We expect the challenging macroeconomic dynamics to continue through the fourth quarter, including sluggish industrial activity. Global Manufacturing PMI has declined for the 13 consecutive month in September. It also includes weak demand in Europe and a slower-than-expected recovery in China. While inflation continues to moderate, it remains at elevated levels, resulting in a continuation of a tighter monetary policy. In the U.S., we're seeing some mixed indicators as September manufacturing PMI improved to 49.8. Retail sales growth remains positive, while consumer confidence has declined for the last two months. In Europe, industrial and consumer demand remains weak despite sharply lower inflation. PMI has contracted for 15 consecutive months through September, and consumer confidence remains low. With that said, automotive demand is showing signs of resilience. In China, while manufacturing PMI remained in expansionary territory in September, China exports fell for the fifth straight month. Automotive sales and production are a bright spot, rising in August, both sequentially and over the prior year in September. Around the rest of the world, India's manufacturing PMI remains expansionary, while in Mexico, industrial production rose for more than 20 months in August. However, ASEAN manufacturing PMI contracted for the first time in two years in September. Against this macroeconomic backdrop, we will continue to take a disciplined approach to managing our operations while leveraging our diverse global portfolio and our cost-advantaged assets. Turning to Slide 6. Our commitment to financial and operational discipline continues to be reflected in the proactive actions we are implementing to lower our costs and maximize cash flow. We achieved $700 million in cost savings year-to-date and remain on track to deliver our $1 billion commitment in 2023. In addition, we are further enhancing our financial flexibility as we execute on our capital allocation priorities across the economic cycle. For example, we're implementing continued actions to improve our working capital to maximize cash flow. As a result, our cash conversion cycle has improved by approximately eight days from pre-COVID levels and we have unlocked approximately $600 million of cash from working capital in the third quarter. Since Spin, we have taken actions to strengthen our balance sheet, ensuring ample liquidity while reducing net debt and pension liabilities, and we are continuing to take actions to further derisk our pension plans. Now pension-funded status has greatly improved, driven primarily by changes in the discount rate and the $1 billion voluntary contribution we made in 2021. Our decision to freeze the U.S. deferred benefit plans at year-end '23 further reduced the pension liability. We expect to pursue additional derisking opportunities for our pension plans in the fourth quarter, including annuitization and risk transfer of some pension liabilities. If these transactions are executed, we expect to record a onetime noncash and nonoperating settlement charge in the range of $500 million to $1 billion in the fourth quarter of 2023. All in, our targeted actions have given us the ability to continue investing in growth while delivering more than 80% of operating income back to our shareholders, well above our 65% target. Turning to our outlook for the fourth quarter on Slide 7. In the Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment, industry data shows a continued decline in U.S. Gulf Coast inventory levels driven by resilient domestic demand and export market strength. Higher polyethylene prices and elevated oil to gas spreads continue to favor our cost advantaged footprint and are expected to generate $100 million tailwind in the quarter. Additionally, we expect a $25 million tailwind as we complete planned maintenance activity at our cracker in St. Charles, Louisiana. We also expect a $50 million headwind to equity earnings due to a planned turnaround at our joint venture in Thailand. In the Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure segment, we expect seasonal demand increases in deicing fluid to offset seasonal volume declines in building and construction end markets. Additionally, we expect a headwind of $25 million due to elevated energy and feedstock costs, particularly in Europe impacting our polyurethanes and our construction chemicals businesses. In the Performance Materials & Coatings segment, we expect the current macroeconomic conditions to limit consumer discretionary spending in nonservice areas. We also expect margin pressure to continue in upstream siloxanes from competitive supply additions, which will result in a $25 million headwind. Additionally, the seasonal decline in building and construction demand is expected to contribute an approximately $50 million headwind in the quarter. All in, we expect fourth quarter earnings to be in line with the third quarter. Next, I'll turn it back to Jim.
Jim Fitterling: Thank you, Howard. Moving to Slide 8. We continue to make progress on both our Decarbonize and Grow, and Transform the Waste strategies which by 2030, position us to deliver more than $3 billion in underlying earnings while reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 5 million metric tons and commercializing 3 million metric tons of circular and renewable solutions annually. Starting with decarbonize and grow. In September, we achieved startup of a new MDI distillation and pre-polymer facility at our manufacturing site in Freeport, Texas. This new facility replaces Dow's existing capacity in La Porte, Texas, and expand supply by an additional 30% at the site to support high-value demand growth in polyurethane systems while also reducing our greenhouse gas emissions by more than 45% compared to the La Porte asset. Our Path2Zero project in Alberta remains on track. We expect the final investment decision by year-end, pending completion of our subsidies and incentives with the Canadian federal government. Additionally, we recently announced a solar power purchase agreement with MSU Green Energy in Baha Blanca, Argentina, which will drive the site to source 75% of its electric power supply from renewable sources by 2025. In Terneuzen, the Dutch government informed us that they need more time for adjustments to certain rules and regulations critical to enabling carbon capture and clean hydrogen. The public private partnership is a crucial element of our Path2Zero effort at Terneuzen. Dow investment and timing will depend on the level of collaboration, subsidies available and a clear regulatory framework. We will continue to engage with the Dutch government to advance these efforts. And we continue to advance our Transform the Waste strategy, in the third quarter, we successfully leveraged our U.S. Gulf Coast assets for bio and circular feedstock processing, accomplishing a key milestone to utilize existing assets to quickly scale production of recycled and bio-based products. This was a direct enabler to the commercial launch of our sustainable Surlyn ionomers, which support high-end applications like perfume and cosmetics packaging. In addition, Valoregen in France and Mura technology in the U.K. remain on track to start up their respective mechanical and advanced recycling facilities by year-end. All in, we expect that our initiatives to develop a circular ecosystem will generate more than $500 million of incremental run rate EBITDA by 2030. Altogether, we remain confident in our long-term growth with continued focus on a more sustainable future while maintaining a disciplined and balanced approach to capital allocation. Next, an update on our Path2Zero project in Fort Saskatchewan, Alberta, on Slide 9. The project will enable Dow to capture sustainable growth opportunities while also delivering on our 2030 greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets and advancing our long-term goal of carbon neutrality by 2050. Construction is planned to begin next year with Phase 1 start-up expected in 2027 and Phase 2 expected in 2029. We expect to spend an average of $1 billion of CapEx annually on this key growth project with total enterprise CapEx ramping above depreciation and amortization levels in the 2025 to 2027 time period as we implement the first pad. We remain fully committed to keeping our CapEx within DNA across the economic cycle and expect to return to those levels as we complete the project. We are expecting bottom line returns on our Alberta Path2Zero project equal to or better than our Texas 9 investment. Turning to Slide 10. We are partnering with brand owners and leaders across the value chain to strategically enable and scale waste management transformation through mechanical recycling, advanced recycling and bio-based solutions. This allows us to lead the way to a more circular economy and become a major off-taker of circular feedstock while also minimizing capital outlay for Dow. Robust industry demand for these solutions is expected to outpace supply through the end of this decade. We expect Dow's differentiated innovation portfolio to create opportunities that will result in more than $500 million in incremental earnings by 2030. Continuing on Slide 11. Our actions to commercialize 3 million metric tons of circular and renewable solutions annually are driven by a robust pipeline of strategic partnerships. These collaborations enable us to deliver innovative solutions to meet increasing brand owner demand. For example, our partnership with P&G China to enable recyclability of air capsule e-commerce packaging delivers an effective and efficient way to protect products while avoiding excessive packaging. Dow's SPECFLEX CIR foam system uses recycled waste from the automotive industry to produce circular polyurethane-based materials matching the performance of existing products as seen in the recent launch of the Mercedes-Benz E-Class and our collaboration with LVMH Beauty is pioneering circular feedstocks for sustainable packaging and the cosmetics industry. This has enabled Dow's first sales of bio-based and advanced recycling polymers in the third quarter. Closing on Slide 12. Since Spin, we have executed against our strategic priority and consistently demonstrated financial and operational discipline. As a result of our proactive actions, our underlying earnings and cash flow generations are well above pre-COVID levels, and our balance sheet is the strongest it's ever been, especially in this part of the cycle. Our global scale and leading positions across key value chains paired with our cost-advantaged assets and industry-leading feedstock flexibility positioned Dow well to respond quickly to evolving market trends and capture above GDP demand growth across our attractive market verticals. These distinct competitive advantages will continue to enable us to execute our capital allocation priorities while also driving long-term value growth for our shareholders. Finally, before we move to Q&A, I would like to speak to the announcement this morning that Howard is elected to retire from the company following 33 years of dedicated service. I want to personally thank Howard for his significant contributions to Dow over the last three decades. He's been an incredible business and strategic partner, created a financial and leadership team that guided our company through numerous challenges and accomplishments and most importantly, he's been a tremendous colleague and friend. In addition to recognizing and thanking Howard, we are pleased to share that the Board has elected Jeff Tate to the role of CFO effective November 1, 2023. As we thank Howard for his years of service and there will be time to honor and recognize him for that. We're excited to welcome Jeff back to Dow. Many of you will remember, Jeff, who also previously led Dow's Investor Relations team. He returns to us following a 4-year stint as the CFO of Leggett & Platt. Prior to that, Jeff had 27 years with Dow in various finance roles, including VP of Finance for Packaging and Specialty Plastics and was our lead auditor. Jeff is joining us here today, and we'll look forward to him joining our next earnings call in his formal role. In the meantime, more to follow as we all work together through this transition. As I noted, this change will become effective November 1, and Howard will stay on to support the handover through early January when he will formally retire from Dow. Howard, I'll now turn the mic over to you for a few comments.
Howard Ungerleider: Thank you, Jim. I really appreciate those comments and thoughts. And I would like to share a few personal thoughts of my own. I've had the good fortune of being Dow's CFO for nearly a decade and President for the last five and they have truly been the best roles of my career. Jim it was an absolute honor to serve with you and the rest of the leadership team. We have accomplished a great deal together and I am extremely proud of not only what we have delivered for all of our stakeholders, but also how we have done it. Dow is a great company. Our decarbonizing growth strategy is absolutely the right path forward and our balance sheet, as you've said, is in the best shape it's been in four decades, and that's as a direct result of our disciplined and balanced capital allocation approach. The Dow culture and the incredibly smart hard-working people who embrace it each and every day all over the world are absolutely second to none. After more than 33 years at Dow, this is the right moment for me to move on to my next chapter, and I could not be more excited to hand the finance reins over to Jeff Tate. Jeff and I have known each other for more than 25 years. We have worked alongside each other, and I consider him to be a great professional as well as a friend, and he is absolutely the right leader to help take down to the next level of performance together with Jim and the leadership team. And while I'm retiring from Dow, I am not heading to the beach of the golf course, I'm excited about my next chapter and the opportunities that lie ahead. With that said, I believe Dow Red, PANTONE 185 for those of you checking the color wheel, and I will always be a supporter a fan and a friend of Team Dow. With that, I'll turn it to Pankaj to open the Q&A.
Pankaj Gupta: Thank you, Howard. Now let's move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Hassan Ahmed of Alembic Global. Your line is open.
Hassan Ahmed: Good morning Howard and Jim. Howard, sorry to see you leave. But obviously, wishing you the best wishes for your future sort of endeavors. In terms of my question, you guys obviously talked about $100 million worth of tailwind -- EBIT tailwind on the P&SP side of things. And you cited expanding oil to natural gas ratios. I just want to sort of delve a little deeper into that. What sort of pricing regime for polyethylene are you baking into that? What sort of pricing regime for ethane are you baking into that?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Hassan. Yes. As we mentioned, we guided for the fourth quarter, in line with the third quarter. It will obviously be a different mix. I expect packaging especially plastics to be up. They had obviously, the weight of the St. Charles turnaround on them in the third quarter. And they also had the fact that we were out of the merchant ethylene market. When you look at the core underlying volumes, polyethylene volumes were up in all regions year-over-year, and they were up sequentially 3% in Asia, Latin America and EMEA. So those are good signs. Things that you should take into account is we obviously don't have the St. Charles turnaround in the fourth quarter. We do have a little bit of a headwind from the Thailand turnaround. We're expecting -- we saw prices up in September. I'm expecting Q4 integrated margins to be up about $0.02 in P&SP, and that's mostly on the back of pricing. The outlook right now is for ethane to be flat. It could be slightly better than that. But I think for right now, we've got it in as flat. We've got inventories down for three consecutive quarters in the United States and plastics, and U.S. Gulf Coast exports were up 7% versus the previous quarter and the previous quarter was up about 3.5% versus a quarter before. So I think all in all, I would expect volumes to be good, we'll be back in the merchant ethylene market for some extent. Pro-Nap spread in Europe is positive at about $120 a ton, and our assets are the lowest cost in Europe. And I think when you factor all that in, the guide for the fourth quarter is heavily on the back of P&SP fee delivery.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Begleiter of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Again, Howard has been an absolute pleasure and best of luck. Jim, Howard, second half EBITDA is running around $5 billion annualized, maybe a little bit more than that. How do you grow -- if the macro stays the same as it is today, how does EBITDA increase materially next year?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, David. Good question. Obviously, we're about 12 to 15 months into this economic slowdown, and typically, when we see a slowdown like we saw starting mid last year, about 12 to 18 months, we start to see things turn to a positive direction. Inflation is the thing that's weighing on people's minds right now. We're continuing to invest in our organic growth, while at the same time, manage our costs. We've got investments in all three segments, both incremental investments as well as new plant investments. They will start up through this year. This year, we expect those add an underlying $400 million to $500 million of EBITDA mid-cycle run rate to the bottom line. On top of that, we're continuing to see strength in areas like telecommunications and data centers, automotive, even in the face of the strikes is holding up relatively well. And our view is that it should bounce back once the agreements are made between the UAW and the auto workers. Our cost positions are good. And so I think that we're positioned that once the weight of inflation starts to moderate that things start to turn back in a positive direction. And our view is that we could be in a better shape for 2024. Additionally, we've taken $1 billion of cost out since Spin. So if you think about where we're operating today, we're able to meet all of our capital allocation requirements, be free cash flow before financing breakeven, you saw a $300 million improvement this quarter in operating cash flows, and we were still able to opportunistically buy back some shares in the third quarter. So we've done our best to really manage to be able to get through the bottom of the cycle, and it's the right time for us to continue to make organic investments to get the benefit in the next up cycle.
Howard Ungerleider: And David, this is Howard. Look, thanks for your comments, Hassan, same to you as well. The only other thing I would add, David, to your question is don't forget about cash, right? So I mean Jim laid out our EBITDA or EBITDA improvements, but we have equally been doing cash flow improvements really every year since Spin, if you think about it. So the last five or six years, every year, we've been able to increase cash flow. We'll see if we can do that this year. But a couple of things. We are able to cover all of our capital allocation priorities inclusive of continuing to buy stock back even at these low EBITDA levels. And every year, we've had between $1 billion and $3 billion of what we like to call unique to Dow cash levers. And I would expect that to continue into next year. When you think about the $500 million plus judgment that we will likely get finally from Nova on the last tranche, continued structural working capital improvements, additional cash that we can pursue out of our joint ventures, and other projects that we currently have in the pipeline. So you should expect at least another $1 billion of unique to Dow cash flow levers coming out of next year on top of the organic investments that Jim talked about.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you. And let me also echo the prior remarks and congratulations to you, Howard. Very exciting for you. If I could ask just looking at Slide 9 on the CapEx. I just want to make sure I understand -- I mean, obviously, we know where '23 is, it looks like '24 is going to go to that D&A line. And then that '25 to '27, it looks like there's quite a -- there's sort of a zone there. Could you speak to a little bit of maybe a range that you could give us to make sure we have that right in our models and sort of what would define it at the lower end or the upper end of the range? Because I see you do have Alberta at about $1 billion a year, but is it maybe going to be a bit chunkier in some of those years? Or just how should we be thinking about the cadence and the range of CapEx during that period of time.
Jim Fitterling: Hi, good morning. Vince, yes, as we get into the Alberta project, it will be '25 to '27 that is the peak construction of that project. Phase 1 starts up in '27. You would expect that we would get to somewhere in the 3 to 3.5 range for CapEx during that '25 to '27 time frame. That's very similar to where we were during the Gulfstream project, we peaked at kind of that same level. Obviously, we're in a little bit different spot than we were at Gulfstream. We're just doing Alberta Path2Zero, but we're also funding growth in Industrial Solutions, which is high-value growth and downstream incremental growth in our Consumer Solutions business. So, I think it will be very manageable. And as we get closer to those dates, we'll try to titrate more specifically, so that you have some year-over-year expectations on what CapEx is going to look like.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. In your $1 billion cost-cutting program, how much of that comes out of SG&A and R&D? And in your slides, you say that your share count in the fourth quarter is 7.10 and in the third quarter, it was7 or 7.5. Are you rounding or is the share count going up?
Jim Fitterling: Yes, Jeff, good morning. On the cost, about half of the costs come out of our structural operating cost model, which would include obviously, making sure that we're controlling SG&A, during this time period. It also includes things like contract labor and what we've been doing, there to reduced headcount. On our operating cost side, it's things like purchase raw material and logistics costs, utilities costs being down, our turnaround spend, which is down about $300 million. And while SG&A is down both in cost and as a percent of sales, we're obviously still continuing to invest in research as we go forward. Howard, do you want to touch on the share count?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, Jeff, I was smiling. So yes, it is just purely rounding. The share count actually went down about 2 million shares quarter-on-quarter. Year-on-year, it went down 11 million shares. And I would say two things. We are going to continue as long as we have the free cash flow before financing to continue to buy at dilution. And we will also continue to be opportunistic when we have cash available and/or we believe it's a great investment. And so, we're continuing to buy shares on a regular basis, and you should expect that to continue in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Frank Mitch from Fermium. Your line is open.
Frank Mitch: Thank you, Howard, hi congrats. Thanks for all the help and friendship over years and certainly looking forward to your next chapter. This - the third quarter was the third quarter in a row of sequentially higher volumes. I was wondering what your expectations are as we finish the year and into 2024? Is this a trend that we can continue to see?
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Good morning, Frank, I think on volumes in P&SP, I would still be positive around what we see on polyethylene demand in all the regions, I also mentioned telecommunications and the fact that we've seen a lot of demand in infrastructure, data centers, et cetera. And so, the wire and cable business is one which is very positive. I would say Industrial Solutions will be limited a bit in fourth quarter, because of the outage in Plaquemine. But the demand - other than that, the demand is there once that plant is back up and running. In PM&C, for Consumer Solutions for coatings, you're going to see fourth quarter slowdown, which we typically see with architectural coatings. But other than that, the silicones downstream demand has been holding up pretty well. This is the first quarter that we've seen core, underlying volumes in all three segments better year-over-year. I mean, if you take away merchant ethylene sales in the third quarter, because we were - we had the cracker down in St. Charles, the underlying downstream demand for all three segments was better in the third quarter than it was last year. That's the first time we can say that in several years. So, I'm optimistic with that. We can see the automotive strike resolved, I think we'll see a tick up in that demand as well. China continues to be good. We saw a good quarter-over-quarter demand in China in P&SP, slightly up in polyurethanes quarter-over-quarter, up in Consumer Solutions. And flat to just slightly down in the other two.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Mike Sison of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is Richard on for Mike. I was just wondering to follow-up on that, if you could give us some color on where your operating rates are across your segments. Where do you see them for the industry, specifically for polyethylene? And how should we think about the potential improvement in EBITDA, if we do get a stronger demand environment next year, and you can ramp those operating rates up to optimal levels? Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Just taking a look at - I'll take a look at it both by segments, but I think you also have to take a look at it by regions. In P&SP, you're going to see operating rates substantially north of 80%. And obviously, when you think about Canada, the U.S. Gulf Coast, Argentina, our Middle East assets, all cost advantaged positions, even Terneuzen and Tarragona were Pro-Nap spreads of greater than $100 - $120 a tonight. That advantages them versus their competition within Europe. So, I think you'll see all those operating rates continue to be strong. And we're not building inventory. We're obviously able to meet that and move into the export market. Where you see things a little bit softer, obviously, construction-related segments, so in polyurethanes, which has a pretty heavy European footprint. We see lower operating rates there. We see that as well even on the Gulf Coast. Industrial Solutions, operating rates have been good. Our own issue in Plaquemine is the thing that has that capacity out. And then in Consumer Solutions, on silicones, we tend to see good operating rates in the quarter above 80%. And if you take a look at PM&C, those are slightly down, because of the typical year-end slowdown in demand in coatings. So all in all, I feel good that we're positioned to be able to ramp up, to meet demand as it comes up. Our cost advantaged regions are continuing to run strong, as you would expect. And we're watching closely for the demand signals that will pull us into 2024.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy of Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, good morning. Jim, I'd appreciate your outlook for Dow's construction-facing businesses heading into 2024. Some of the companies that we cover are pointing to meaningful benefits from infrastructure and reshoring-related investments, basically fiscal stimulus. On the other hand, we've got rising rates, and that typically has a chilling effect. So, how do you see those countervailing trends netting out for Dow and affecting the way you're planning for the future?
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Good morning, Kevin. The things we watch on construction, obviously, on commercial construction just the completion rates on existing builds and the permit work that's going on new builds. I would say this has been a relatively strong year on commercial because there have been a lot of projects that were in flight. We're starting to see, obviously, some tick up in applications for pyramids on residential for the noncommercial side of things, which is good. But I think as long as there's a question out there on rates and will rates continue to rise, that's going to put a lid on what we'll see on residential construction. In terms of infrastructure, we are seeing some movement in that space. I would say the biggest rate-limiting step on infrastructure is permitting. So, the speed at which people can get permits, whether that's for - it could be for pipelines. It could be for transmission cabling, you name it, but there could be some limitations there, and we keep an eye on that. Overall, I feel good about the fact that we're moving through the toughest phase of it right now. And if we could see some positive growth come back in the construction markets in China and the U.S., that will be a nice upside for us in '24.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Steve Byrne of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Steve Byrne: Yes. Thank you. The inventory chart you have on Slide 6 is intriguing. What I'm curious about is, for each of your businesses, do you have a view as to how much your customers have destocked your products relative to their end market demand. And thus, how much of this sequential decline that you've seen 12, 15 months is destocking versus just end market underlying demand weakness. You showed some sequential improvement, in each of your businesses in the third quarter. Is that just destocking coming to an end? Or do you think that this is really some firming demand by your customers?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Steve, it's a good question. Obviously, we get industry data that we published on the chart that you see there. When it comes to downstream when we get into the consumer brands and the retailer space, we have to go on reported data that we clean out of their public reports. But just a few things to keep in mind. We know in the auto sector, for example, that with the OEMs. It's been pretty much hand to mouth, because there have been other rate-limiting steps like the ability, to get computer chips. We haven't seen a big restocking with the OEMs. We've seen the OEMs continuing to run, because they want to be in a position to ramp up when the strikes get settled. So, I would say, I don't feel like there's a lot of restocking going on there. I would say on the consumer brands and the pharma companies lately seen them, obviously, watching inventory levels. I don't get any sense of any stocking or big destocking going on there. I think it's running more to meet demand. And then, the other thing we take a look at is obviously what's going on with the construction segments, as I just mentioned. But it's a little bit harder. It's a little bit fuzzier when we get into the downstream. We don't have as much published data to rely on. So, we look more at PMI. We look more at retail sales. We look more at, what they comment on in their public filings.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of John McNulty of BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
John McNulty: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. And Howard, again, congratulations. You've been a huge help over the years. So, the question would just be on the II&I segment. It came in - it looks like solidly better than kind of what you were expecting when you gave the outlook on the 2Q call. So curious what the factors were that drove it? And I guess, if we back out the operations problem, you're kind of at a $250 million run rate in terms of EBITDA. Is that a reasonable way to think about how you start out looking at 2024?
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Good morning, John. On II&I, we obviously saw a strong demand in the energy side, which is Industrial Solutions and the mobility side, which is more the polyurethane side. Durable goods are still lower than they were in the year ago period. We also had a little bit better, because Sadara had had some lower operating rates from some maintenance time and its coming back out of that. So, I think that will continue to be positive upside. There's price pressure, obviously on polyurethanes. We're going to see some positive impact from the new isocyanates capacity down in Freeport, which will be there. The business also did a lot of work on their costs. So their EBITDA was up, because they're also managing their costs. I don't think in fourth quarter, you'll see any higher impact on Plaquemine unplanned event. We saw about $100 million in the third quarter, you'll see that kind of flat to the fourth quarter. And then, the target is to try to get that asset up and running in the second quarter next year.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Josh Spector of UBS. Your line is open.
Josh Spector: Yes, hi. Thanks for taking the questions. And want to echo my, congrats to Howard and definitely thank you both of you. So, I just wanted to ask on the siloxane side within PMC, made some comments on kind of some increased pressure there. I mean you've been under pressure in that business all year from added supply. Has anything changed in the last few months? Or is that just a reiteration of what you seen? And as you think about next year, how much did things have to improve for that business to get back to a normal healthy level?
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Good morning, Josh. Obviously, in siloxanes, there was significant new capacity in 2022 and 2023, and we expect that to moderate in 2024 and beyond. That's put pressure on siloxanes prices, primarily in Europe or in Asia, which are at the lowest levels that they've been at in quite some time. They're starting to move up, a bit in the fourth quarter, some demand related. Some obviously related to higher silicones pricing, upstream silicon metals pricing, which is kind of moving things up. But I think what you're going to start to see, is that you're going to have less capacity coming on and the downstream market, continues to grow at good rates, and we'll start to absorb some of that and we'll start to see operating rates improve '24, '25.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Cunningham of Citigroup. Your line is open.
Patrick Cunningham: Hi. Good morning. On the long-term decarbonization strategy, given the weaker macro and what seems to be some deceleration in appetite to tackle the green transition, how do you think about the risk to public private partnerships subsidies, incentives in North America and abroad?
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Good question. Obviously, our view on the Alberta project, is we're working in an environment that's supportive of decarbonization. There's a price on carbon in Canada. There's existing carbon capture infrastructure. And there's obviously, some investment credits for the hydrogen portion of the project. And so, those are all positive. As we mentioned, though, we have to keep in mind that this is also going to be a very low-cost asset from an ethane supply capability standpoint. So that's why we say, our expectation is the returns will be at or above our Texas-9 cracker, which is the best project that we've ever had in our history. Having said that, we always have to keep our eyes wide open to what's going on, on the incentive space. We're not going to build just on the back of incentives. We've got to make sure that we make investments that are long-term, low-cost operating investments where we have advantaged feedstocks, and we have access to market. That's - the same thing is true when we get into circularity projects. And when we talk about our advanced and mechanical recycling projects, we've got to make sure that the partnerships that we have are looking long-term and where they're going to access the waste, will they be the low-cost position and will they have the right access to market. So, we're looking at them project-by-project. We're absolutely convinced that our timing is right on the Alberta project. We get this one final issue nailed down with the Canadian federal government, we should have FID before the end of the year.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Arun Viswanathan of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Arun Viswanathan: Great. Thanks for taking my question. I'll add my, congrats to you, Howard, definitely a pleasure working with you over the years. I appreciate your insights. Yes, I guess I just had a question on China. Maybe you could just update us on, what you're seeing there. Obviously, very important for most of your markets. You noted that volumes were up across the three businesses year-on-year, if you remove your merchant ethylene sales. But I guess what are you seeing in China? Maybe if you could characterize kind of polyethylene demand, maybe some impacts from - on the consumer side as well as construction that would be great? Thanks - in your outlook.
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Good question. I mean obviously, GDP growth this year is expected to be about 5%, that's been on the back of consumer demand, and that's really been the government's position as consumer-driven recovery from the slowdown. Our expectation is, because of what's going on in the housing construction markets, there will be some pressure on the government for some stimulus activity to get things moving there. Manufacturing PMI in September was up, so second consecutive month up, which is good. Automotive sales were up about 9.5% year-over-year in September. EV sales are up about 38% year-to-date. Retail sales were up 5.5% in September, and we saw a rise in the sale of closes and textiles as well as some refined oil products. I would say one of the things that we've always looked at in terms of coming out of a slowdown is the price of MEG. And one of the things that drives the price of MEG, is the operating rate on the polyester plants, which are above 70% right now. We haven't seen that in quite some time. I think it's a little bit early to call that as the turn, but it's something to keep an eye on. And the volume moved quarter-over-quarter are good. Packaging has held up really well. And it typically does in an economic slowdown, because of the nature of food packaging, medical packaging, day-to-day consumer nondurable items.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Duffy Fischer of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Duffy Fischer: Yes. Good morning, guys. In both PMC and iCube, if you could walk through, pricing you called out is down sequentially in each of the SBUs, but yet EBITDA was up in both segments sequentially. So could you walk through and just tell us like, where was the spread getting better, because raw materials were falling more than price was down? And how much of that was kind of the structural costs, that you guys are trying to take out that we would put in as kind of permanent?
Jim Fitterling: Yes. So - if you look at II&I, the Louisiana outage was obviously a headwind. And then you had some turnaround tailwinds and cost savings, about $40 million. Variable costs on the benzene and propylene side really compress there - and then equity earnings from Sadara were a little bit better. So, those were the moving parts. In PM&C, you had tailwinds of about $60 million from the turnaround in cost savings. So that's to the positive. You had some seasonality and lower siloxane prices to the negative and we had also improved supply availability of siloxanes and some opportunistic monomer sales in the coating side of the business, acrylates were strong in the quarter. So that was - those were the things that net-net made the swing in those two segments.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Aleksey Yefremov of KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thanks. Good morning. And Howard, congratulations. Just wanted to follow-up on PMC. I would say a pretty healthy number - is this a good level that we can use for thinking about next year? It sounded just in the previous answer, there was some opportunistic sales. So that's sort of where the question is coming from. Is this a real sustainable number to think about going forward earnings in the segment?
Jim Fitterling: Yes. I think as a lot saying improve, you can see some positive uptick in Consumer Solutions and silicones. The downstream demand has continued to be strong. So that hasn't been the primary issue. And we're seeing still continued good positive signs in the downstream demand sector, things like EVs and battery production. We'll have to watch - the commercial construction markets. I think residential will start to improve somewhat, but household and personal care, consumer products, health and beauty, I would say, are going to continue to be positive in that space. Coatings has been slow due to construction. I think there are some signs starting that applications for permits are starting to pick up on construction. That's kind of a U.S.-centric view. And in China, we'll have to watch, if there's any stimulus to get the construction markets going there. Automotive, I would say, is a bright spot globally, even Europe in spite of a slow GDP has seen pretty strong automotive builds through the year. And I would say, once we get the strikes resolved here with the UAW and the big automakers. I think you'll see a step-up in demand, because they'll start to be competing again for that market share.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Laurence Alexander: So, good morning. I just want to revisit the inventory level. If you think about lessons learned from this cycle, where do you see inventory days and working capital days shaking out at the next mid-cycle? And separately, Howard, just thank you for your help getting ramped up on Dow?
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Maybe Howard, do you want to touch inventories. You got the working capital team and there's been pretty focused on this all throughout.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. Sure, Jim. And Laurence, thanks and I appreciate everything you've done to cover Dow over time, and hopefully, we'll continue. Yes, we've been - look, I've been very proud of the whole organization and how we've really - if you think about one of the big changes that we've made, I think as a leadership team as an organization in the last five or six years is really a big step change on cash. And managing cash, just as well as we're managing margins and EBITDA and operating rate in EU. We have structurally taken out about eight days. When you think about it on a cash conversion cycle since spin, eight days has been structural and the other improvements have been more around the cycle. So obviously, that will continue, as we've headed into this down cycle period. Probably we've taken out about $1 billion of cash, just on the releasing revenue from working capital, as we head into a normalized macro and eventually a cyclical peak out into the future, you could expect $1 billion use of cash. But overall, eight days out, cycle-to-cycle, I think, is a good target so far. And I would expect that under Jeff's leadership, together with Jim and the leadership team. I would expect at least another day maybe another two days in the next year or two will come out structurally. So, I think a nice target is 10 days cycle-to-cycle from a structural standpoint. We've been really - we've implemented OMP, or in the process of implementing OMP in almost all of our businesses now and really thinking about it end-to-end from the customer back, and the team is still working on it, but that's - that gives you a good range.
Jim Fitterling: Jeff is going to make me cut you off, before you set any more to targets for him.
Howard Ungerleider: Just one more day. Maybe two. That's it.
Operator: Thank you. Your last question comes from the line of Mike Leithead of Barclays. Your line is open.
Mike Leithead: Great. Thanks. Appreciate you squeezing me in here. Just briefly on packaging. I think sequentially, EBIT was down about $440 million on $480 million lower sales, almost 100% drop through. Can you help us better understand the moving pieces in the quarter there?
Jim Fitterling: Sure. The lower sales were primarily due to being out of the merchant ethylene market - and so that obviously had an impact. We had the cost of the turnaround in the third quarter for the St. Charles cracker. And that was a drag that drag, becomes a positive as we go into the fourth quarter. We had some stronger equity earnings, which were up from the previous quarter. But then pricing and the impact of really a surge in feedstock and energy costs that happened in the third quarter were the big delta. Prices ran up on us in the third quarter. And then the pricing came in September, which kind of lagged the increase in the feedstock and the energy cost. And so, you saw that margin squeeze. I think we're back to even with that, and we'll get a little bit ahead of that. And like I said, I expect about $0.02 integrated margin improvement, as we go into the fourth quarter.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further question at this time. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Gupta for closing remarks.
Pankaj Gupta: Yes. Thanks, Jay. Thank you, everyone, for joining our call today, and we appreciate your interest in Dow. For your reference, a copy of our transcript will be posted on Dow's website within approximately 48 hours. This concludes our call. Thank you very much.
Operator: You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-25 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Dow Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Dow, Investor Relations, Vice President, Pankaj Gupta. Mr. Gupta, you may begin.
Pankaj Gupta: Good morning. Thank you for joining our webcast today. The accompanying slides are provided through this webcast and posted on our website. I'm Pankaj Gupta, Dow Investor Relations Vice President. And joining me today on the call are Jim Fitterling, Dow's Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and Howard Ungerleider, President and Chief Financial Officer. Please note, our comments contain forward-looking statements and are subject to the related cautionary statement contained in the earnings news release and slides. Please refer to our public filings for further information about principal risks and uncertainties. Unless otherwise specified, all financials where applicable, excludes significant items. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in the earnings news release and slides and are posted on our website. On Slide 2, you will see the agenda for our call. Jim will begin by reviewing our second quarter results and operating segment performance. Howard will then share our outlook and modeling guidance and then provide an update on our cost savings actions and financial position. To close, Jim will outline how we are continuing to advance our long term Decarbonize and Grow, as well as Transform the Waste strategies, while navigating challenging short term dynamics. Following that, we will take your questions. Now let me turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Fitterling: Thank you, Pankaj. Beginning on Slide 3, we continued to navigate a challenging macroeconomic environment with slow global growth in the second quarter. Despite lower year-over-year sales and earnings, Team Dow delivered sequential earnings improvement by executing on our financial and operational playbook. We leveraged our diverse portfolio to capitalize on gains in packaging and modestly higher seasonal demand in building and construction. This resulted in a sequential improvement in volume. In addition, we continue to implement our $1 billion of proactive and targeted cost savings actions delivering $250 million of savings in the quarter and $350 year to date. Net sales were $11.4 billion, down 27% versus the year ago period, reflecting lower demand and prices due to slower macroeconomic activity. Sales were down 4% sequentially, as volume gains were more than offset by lower local prices. Volume decreased 8% year-over-year, led by a 14% decline in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and India, or EMEA. Volume was up 1% sequentially, driven by gains in Asia Pacific and Latin America, as well as in industrial intermediates and infrastructure and performance materials and coatings. Local price decreased 18% year-over-year and 5% sequentially due to lower demand on weak macroeconomic activity, as well as lower global raw material costs. Operating EBIT for the quarter was $885 million, down from $2.4 billion in the year ago period, primarily driven by lower local prices. Operating EBIT increased $177 million sequentially, driven by gains in packaging and specialty plastics. We generated cash flow from operations of more than $1.3 billion, up more than $800 million versus the prior quarter, driven by improved working capital. On a trailing 12 month basis, our cash flow conversion is 98%. Our strong financial position gives us the flexibility to continue to advance our long term strategic priorities, supported by our disciplined and balanced capital allocation strategy. In the quarter, we returned $743 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Year to date, we've returned nearly $1.4 billion. And our balance sheet remains healthy, supported by strong investment grade credit ratings. We also published our 2022 INtersections Report in June. The report once again received limited assurance by our external audit firm and showcases Dow's continued progress on our ambition to be the most innovative customer centric, inclusive and sustainable material science company in the world. Now turning to our operating segment performance on Slide 4. In the Packaging and Specialty Plastics segment, operating EBIT was $918 million compared to $1.4 billion in the year ago period. Local price declines were driven by lower global energy and feedstock costs, which in turn impacted polyethylene prices across all regions. Volume declines, primarily in EMEA, were driven by lower demand for olefins and aromatics. Sequentially operating EBIT improved by $276 million, driven by lower energy and feedstock costs. Moving to the Industrial Intermediates and Infrastructure segment, operating EBIT was a loss of $35 million, compared to earnings of 426 million in the year ago period. Results were driven by lower local prices and demand in both businesses. Volume declines were primarily driven by lower demand for consumer durables, building and construction, and industrial applications. Sequentially, operating EBIT was down $158 million due to lower local prices and increased planned maintenance turnaround activity. And in the Performance Materials and Coatings segment, operating EBIT was $66 million compared to $561 million in the year ago period. Local price decreases were driven primarily by declines for siloxanes and acrylic monomers. Volume was down on lower global demand for silicones and coatings applications. Sequentially, operating EBIT increased $31 million, driven primarily by seasonally higher volumes. Next, I'll turn it over to Howard to review our outlook and actions on Slide 5.
Howard Ungerleider: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. We continue to expect a challenging macroeconomic environment in the third quarter. While inflation is beginning to moderate, the lagging effects of higher monetary policy on consumer demand and a slower than expected demand recovery in China have resulted in a slowdown of industrial economic activity around the world. In the US, industrial activity remains weak with June manufacturing PMI in contraction at 46.3. However, consumer demand has remained resilient supported by low unemployment levels. With inflation starting to ease, consumer confidence in June is now at the highest levels since early 2022. In Europe, recessionary conditions persist and are expected to continue, despite lower energy prices and inflation declining to a 17 month low. Industrial activity in the region continues to contract with PMI reaching the lowest level since May 2020. In China, while we are experiencing growth, the anticipated economic rebound following the end of zero COVID restrictions has yet to fully materialize. June manufacturing PMI continues to hover around neutral level of 50, and China's exports were impacted by the global demand slowdown, contracting at the fastest pace since the beginning of the pandemic. Around the rest of the world, India's manufacturing PMI expanded to 57.8 in June as demand outpaced higher input costs and ASEAN manufacturing PMI remained in expansionary territory. Manufacturing activity in Japan, however, retreated back to contractionary levels following improvements in PMI for three consecutive months. Given these regional dynamics, we will continue to take a disciplined approach to managing our operations and adapt our business to the evolving market realities. Turning to our outlook for the third quarter on Slide 6. In the Packaging and Specialty Plastics segment, industry polyethylene demand increased 4% in June. Despite this tailwind, we exited the second quarter at lower price levels, which are expected to drive lower average prices sequentially. We're also experiencing increased feedstock costs, primarily driven by higher ethane prices on the US Gulf Coast. All in, we anticipate these market dynamics will be a $50 million headwind in the quarter. Additionally, increased planned maintenance turnaround activity at our cracker in St. Charles, Louisiana is expected to be a $100 million headwind, and we see another $100 million headwind from the lack of project based licensing sales from the prior order, which will not occur. However, we do expect to generate a $50 million tailwind in the quarter as we continue to implement our cost savings actions. In the Industrial Intermediates and Infrastructure segment, while demand in energy end markets remains resilient, we expect continued demand pressuring consumer durable end markets. We anticipate a $15 million tailwind from our cost savings actions, as well as a $25 million tailwind following the completion of a planned maintenance turnaround from the second quarter. Additionally, following an unplanned event at our Louisiana operations this month, our preliminary estimate reflects a $100 million headwind to earnings. I want to please reinforce that this estimate is only preliminary at this point. As we get a more refined estimate, we will update if needed. In the Performance Materials and Coatings segment, we expect continued price pressure in siloxanes, while seasonal demand remains below normal for building and construction end markets, together contributing a $50 million headwind. Our cost savings are on track to deliver a $35 million tailwind from the segment. Additionally, the completion of second quarter turnarounds at our Carrollton and our Zhangjiagang siloxanes facilities are anticipated to contribute a $25 million tailwind in the third. Operationally, our earnings are expected to be flat with the prior quarter as our self-help is expected to fully offset the estimated margin compression. All in, we expect third quarter earnings to be down approximately a $150 million sequentially before the impact of the Plaquemine outage as a result of the $50 million higher turnaround expense and the $100 million in project driven licensing sales, which will not recur. Turning to Slide 7, our commitment to financial and operational discipline enables Dow to navigate the near term market challenges, while continuing to invest for the future. We are on track to deliver our $1 billion of cost savings in 2023. We achieved 35% of the savings in the first half of the year and continue to expect we will deliver the remaining 65% in the second half. This includes our previously announced global workforce reduction program. 75% of the 2,000 impacted roles exited at the end of the second quarter and more than 90% are expected to exit by the end of the year. Our $300 million reduction in planned maintenance turnaround spending remains on track and we're continuing to execute improvements in our raw materials, logistics, and utility costs. We're also continuing to execute actions to rationalize select higher cost, lower return assets in our polyurethanes, coatings, and industrial solutions businesses, in line with market fundamentals. These actions support the strong financial position that Team Dow has purposely built since then. Our debt and our credit profile gives a significant flexibility and optionality to continue to advance our strategic priorities across the economic cycle. All in, our actions have allowed us to lower our cash commitments by approximately $1 billion since spin, driven by significantly lower cash interest and pension liabilities, reduce share count, and no joint venture cash contributions. For 2023, we expect our annual net interest expense contributions. For 2023, we expect our annual net interest expense to be down more than 40% versus 2019 and we have no substantive debt maturities due until 2027. And we see more than $1 billion of Unique-to-Dow additional cash levers going forward, including resolution of our pending Nova litigation, structural working capital improvements, and our intervention actions. Next, I'll turn it back to Jim for an update on our long term strategy.
Jim Fitterling: Thank you, Howard. Moving to Slide 8. We remain confident in our long term growth as we drive the transition to a more sustainable future with a focus on profitability and maintaining our disciplined and balanced capital allocation priorities. Our decarbonizing growth strategy is expected to increase underlying earnings by $3 billion annually, while also reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 30% by 2030 versus 2005 levels. Notable updates this quarter include, our FCDH unit is now fully operational and is ramping up rates. Leveraging breakthrough technology, the unit expands our capacity at lower capital and cost intensity, while reducing energy usage and greenhouse gas emissions relative to conventional PDH units. In collaboration with X-energy, we are preparing to submit a construction permit application to the US Nuclear Regulatory Commission for our small modular nuclear energy facility in Seadrift, Texas. We plan to break ground in 2026, and the project is expected to provide the site with safe, reliable, low carbon power and steam. In parallel, we are utilizing a capital efficient approach to quickly scale production and grow our supply of recycled and bio based products. By 2030, we expect to advance our Transform the Waste strategy by commercializing 3 million metric tons per year of circular and renewable solutions. Our collaborations with Valoregen and Mura Technology both remain on track to start up their respective mechanical and advanced recycling facilities in the fourth quarter. Together, these investments will help us unlock long term growth opportunities as we meet increasing customer and brand owner demand for more sustainable and circular solutions. Taking a closer look at our Fort Saskatchewan, Alberta path to zero project on Slide 9. This flagship project will create the world's first net zero CO2 emissions ethylene and derivatives complex, another example of how we're delivering long term value growth through sustainability. By 2030, the project will decarbonize 20% of our global ethylene capacity, while expanding our global polyethylene supply by 15% and tripling polyethylene capacity at our Alberta site. We are on track to secure partner agreements and subsidies during the second half of this year and we are targeting board and regulatory approval along with a final investment decision by year end. Construction is projected to begin in 2024 and start-up of the project will occur in two phases. Phase 1 will add approximately 1,300 kilotons of ethylene and polyethylene capacity annually by 2027. Phase 2 will contribute another approximately 600 kilotons annually by 2029. We expect to spend, on average, roughly $1 billion of CapEx annually on the project beginning next year through project completion. By mid-decade, our total CapEx for the company is projected to ramp above D&A between 2025 and 2027 as we implement Phase 1 of the Alberta project. We remain fully committed to keep our target CapEx within D&A across the economic cycle and expect to return those -- to those levels after the completion of the first phase of this project. At full run rates, we expect the project to deliver $1 billion of EBITDA annually and targeted returns on invested capital above our enterprise goal of 13% over the economic cycle, driven by the Alberta feedstock cost advantage, which provides Dow with lower ethane costs compared to the rest of the world, even more advantaged than the US Gulf Coast. Industry leading capital efficiency, building on the success of our Texas 9 investments, which has delivered over 15% return on invested capital since startup with best-in-class capital intensity, conversion costs and CO2 emissions. A higher value sustainable product offering which drives value as we capitalize on technologies that deliver low and zero CO2 emission solutions with enhanced performance for our customers and by leveraging third party investments for decarbonization and CO2 infrastructure assets, which will reduce our capital spend consistent with our best owner mindset. Altogether, we are well positioned to lead the industry and meet the needs of customers and brand owners as they seek products with a lower carbon footprint. Our disciplined and phased approach will enable us to decarbonize our assets, grow earnings and keep CapEx within D&A across the cycle. Closing on Slide 10. Dow remains focused on advancing our long term strategy, while navigating challenging short term market dynamics. We're proactively reducing costs and maximizing cash flow, while maintaining a broad focus on financial flexibility and operating discipline. The actions we've taken since spin to strengthen our balance sheet and improve our cash generation profile are enabling us to be more resilient as we deliver on our capital allocation priorities across the economic cycle. As a result, we have raised our underlying earnings above pre pandemic levels, substantially improved our three year cumulative free cash flow, reduced our net debt and pension liabilities by more than $10 billion and delivered around 84% of net income back to our shareholders since spin, well above our target of 65% across the economic cycle. At the same time, our diverse, differentiated and global product portfolio is well positioned to capture the above GDP demand growth across our attractive market verticals. With increasing customer demand for more sustainable and circular solutions, we'll continue to advance our Decarbonize and Grow and Transform the Waste strategies, which will raise our earnings profile, reduce our greenhouse gas emissions and create a more circular economy. With that, I'll turn it back to Pankaj to open the Q&A.
Pankaj Gupta: Thank you, Jim. Now let's move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you, and good morning everyone. Wondering if you could just give us a little bit more color perhaps by region in packaging, especially plastics for the third quarter? That $50 million headwind you see on a net basis between the higher feedstock costs and the lower average pricing. How do those dynamics play out in in each region?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Vince. Great question. Packaging, especially plastics was strong in all four regions of the world. We saw volume increases in all four of them. And we saw overall the biggest volume increases across all the businesses in P&SP for the quarter. In terms of the $50 million headwind, obviously, June closed out a little bit softer on pricing. North American price has settled down $0.03 in June. And that's because you've had some new capacity that came online during that time. Inventories came down actually during the month of June. I think, which is a reflection of the strength in China, also India, also exports to Mexico. All three of those regions are relatively strong. Asia Pacific and Latin America led in terms of volume. And, obviously, Europe was the weakest of the three -- of the four regions. So my expectations is, while feedstocks have come up a bit in North America, a lot of that is really due to the hot weather that we've had and ethane staying in natural gas. The projection is that, that will continue through the third quarter, but if the weather breaks, then obviously we'll see some of that come out. But our expectation is, we'll start with that lower pricing in July, and then we've got actions out there in July of up $0.03 up $0.05 for August. And as we speak, Asia is increasing about $20 to $30 a metric ton in July.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of David Begleiter of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. Jim, staying on the $50 million decline in feedstocks and pricing. Looking at Integrated margins, that would suggest it would be worse than down $50 million. So what are you doing to offset the perhaps the greater headwinds in at least consultant margins versus your forecast down $50 million? Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, David. Look on integrated margins for the second quarter, I think they ended slightly higher than where we were in the first quarter. And that was good news in North America. Our expectation is that, they will improve in Europe in the third quarter. And obviously, the pressure that's been on here in North America has really been from the feedstock cost. And as I mentioned, I think there's -- it's hard to project how long the feedstock costs are going to stay where they are. We know new capacity coming in both natural gas liquids and in frac capacity. And so, that's going to mean there's plenty of ethane available. There's more than 750,000 barrels a day of ethane in rejection today. I think some of it stayed in rejection because natural gas demand has been so strong because of the warm weather, but it doesn't take much for that to turn, and there will be an incentive to break that out. Frac spreads are good right now. I also think that inventories on NGLs are above the five year average, about 15% above that five year average, even with this warmer weather. And that's a reflection of record natural gas productions, we've had record ethane production in the year so far. And so, while that seems like we've got cost pressures coming at us. The reality is, those things can be very dynamic, and they can change during the quarter. Exports continue to be strong. We continue to see month-over-month and quarter-over-quarter improvements in ability to move exports out our experience with China, even though China is relatively slower from a GDP growth standpoint than previous years. It's still in the 4.5% to 5% GDP range, which is relatively good. And we've been able to move good volume into China.
Howard Ungerleider: And Dave, in terms of what additional tailwinds are there to help compensate or offset some of those headwinds that you talked about. A big chunk of it, we continue to ramp our marine pack cargo and our shipments, so you should expect sequential volume growth in P&SP from Q2 to Q3. And then also it's a self-help that the team delivered in the second quarter. I mean, if you look at all of the -- at a high level from an enterprise perspective, a big chunk, if not, almost all of the delta of sequential improvement came from the self-help and the interventions. And so, at the end of June, we had about 75% of those 2,000 roles and either enterprise level numbers exit. And so, I mean to think about half of that is impacted in P&SP. So the self-help and interventions will also be a tailwind sequentially for P&SP.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Hassan Ahmed of Alembic Global Advisors. Please go ahead.
Hassan Ahmed: Good morning, Jim and Howard. Just wanted to sort of ask a quick question around the supply addition side of things: ethylene, polyethylene specifically. There have been some rumblings in the press about China potentially considering rationalizing inefficient facilities. So what are your thoughts around that and also around the pace of capacity additions given the macro the way it is?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Hassan. Look, I think if you look over the near term, the pace of capacity additions versus demand increases is really going to be that short. I mean, most of the capacity is on now. And so, I think that's what leading to obviously some of the pricing pressure that we've seen. But the volume growth is there. And so, as that volume growth increases, we're going to see that eat up on that capacity relatively quickly. On China, obviously, China has had the benefit from a NAFTA standpoint, China has moved into a better cost position than Europe. Obviously, Europe snapped the crack. Cost position has become higher. But China has moved in to a better cost position, and so that means they've been able to supply more domestically. And still we've been able to export out of the US to supplement that because the US has an overall lower cost position. So I think there's obviously pressure on high cost producers. There's plenty of methanol available today, but MTO producers aren't really running, which I think speaks to the NAFTA advantage there. And then I think if you look at the industry capacity, about a quarter of the industry capacity is greater than 40 years old. And if you think about assets that are high carbon footprint, assets that are in high cost position, those are highly suspect, and they're going to be under pressure. I haven't seen any announcements to shut down, but I think usually those things lag a little bit. My expectation is that, polyethylene typically holds up the best through an economic slowdown, that continues to be true today. Our cost advantage and our feedstock cost advantage with our flexibility is showing through in the results. We're seeing that even in Europe where we're cracking more LPGs right now, maxing out on LPGs, and that improves our European position. And I think that's going to carry through the back half of the year.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. Two part question. Can you comment on sequential MDI price trends in the United States? And, secondly, you bought back $250 million in shares So that's maybe about 5 million shares, but your shares went up 2 million sequentially, and you have them flat for the third quarter. So what's the magnitude of share issuance this year?
Jim Fitterling: Yeah. I'll take a look at MDI and then I'll have Howard get the share buyback part of that. Look, on MDI, I think things are in relatively good position. We've seen MDI continue to be relatively strong in the market where MDI impact, obviously, automotive has continued to be strong. Where we've seen demand down is obviously in durable goods like appliances. And so, that has in some systems offering there that has put some pressure on prices. I think we are in the process of starting up MDI distillation down in Freeport, which is an expansion off of the La Porte capacity, but allows us to retire the La Porte asset. And so, I think relatively speaking, MDI is holding up relatively well. And I think from a supply demand balance standpoint, our expectation is that, some of the capacity thats been announced out there is going to come on later than expected. And I think that's going to offer a little bit tighter operating rates than what the industry analysts might be predicting.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, Jeff. Good morning. Look, this is Howard. On the share count issue, good eyes, what Id say is, look, in the first quarter because we had a GAAP loss in the period, we had to use the basic share count, not the diluted share count. All else equal, it would have been [711] (ph) if you were doing an apples to apples in Q1. In Q2, we opportunistically repurchased $250 million worth or 5 million shares. And what we continue to say is, we're going to buy back at least a dilution, and we will continue to be opportunistic. So I mean, I would say you should at least expect another $125 million of stock buyback in Q3. In terms of whats left on the program, we've got $1.7 billion left on the current open share repurchase program.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Mike Sison of Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Mike Sison: Hey, guys. Good morning. Your volumes are down 8% in 2Q. I think it's the fourth quarter of [indiscernible] it sounds like third quarter will be down as well. Are you seeing any bottoming in any of your end markets? And do you think the volumes in the second half will maybe improve on a year-over-year basis at some point?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Mike. Good question. Volumes were down 8%, obviously, Europe was off 14%, so that's a pretty significant part of that volume being down. Asia Pacific and Latin America volumes were stronger, and so they've held up relatively well. North America has been relatively flat about 1% on volume. So I think you can see, obviously, the pressure on Europe showing up in some of those markets. In terms of the look at the macro economy, my feeling is this, we know we're in a global economic slowdown. It really started mid last year. We saw GDP decline through the back half of last year. We saw a little spike up in Q1 of this year, but it's been down in Q2. And the expectation is, it'll be down in Q3 and Q4. I think it's setting up for a ramp back in 2024. People ask a lot of times, are we in a recession? I think we'll determine if we're in a recession or not when we look in the rearview mirror. But the leading indicators, the destocking that happened in the fourth quarter and into the first quarter appears to be over inventories are in relatively good control. MEG ethylene glycol typically leads into a slowdown. We saw that happen last year and, obviously, it led into this slowdown. And then a lagging indicator into a slowdown is caustic and chlorine, both sides of the electrochemical unit. Obviously, we saw a time where chlorine demand was relatively strong and caustic demand was relatively strong. Then we saw caustic fall off, but chlorine stay high. And now we see both caustic and chlorine fall off. And that's a lagging indicator that you're into a slowdown. So I would say all the indicators say we're in it right now. And it feels to me like third, fourth quarters are going to be that low point, and then we start to ramp back from there. And with the Fed seem to be nearing the ending of rate increases, a little bit of green shoots in housing, people moving back into the housing market. I think there is some areas to be optimistic for 2024.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy of Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes. Good morning. Jim, with regards to your industrial intermediates segment, can you speak to some of the actions that you're taking there in terms of propylene oxide and your kind of two way resupply arrangements with [Olin] (ph) on-site there. And then more broadly, maybe as a follow-up to Mike's question, you're guiding 3Q a little bit lower. Do you think you're at or near an earnings bottom in 3Q in Industrial Intermediates or how would you frame that in terms of the bigger picture cycle there?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Kevin. Good questions. Let me just break it up into polyurethanes and construction chemicals or the industrial solutions and look at them differently. In polyurethanes and construction chemicals, we've been overweight propylene oxide and underweight isocyanates for some time. So you see what's happening with the asset moves have been trying to right size a bit on PO and exit the merchant market PO business. And that's what has been announced so far. And then also increase the MDI distillation capacity in Freeport, which is what we're doing and retiring the La Porte asset. I think that balances us out better with the growth in polyurethanes, which is in the downstream systems businesses where we make higher value. And so, I think you'll continue to see us do that. In terms of the Olin relationship, we've completed the negotiation of a series contracts in the US Gulf Coast that extends now through 2035, which means that the value and the sustainability and that integrated economics for both parties remain in place. And we're going to continue to supply ethylene, energy and site services to Olin, in the US Gulf Coast and Germany. So STADA is the site primarily affected there. We're going to Olin is going to continue to supply us chlorine and sell ethylene for the PO businesses in Plaquemann and also chlorine to the MDI assets in Freeport. I feel good about the working relationship with Olin. I think we've continued to manage this well, and I think we both understand that the best value for each company is to continue to work together and keep that integrated economics alive. In terms of industrial intermediates, I would say it has been growing well. Our focus there is to continue to invest in downstream alkoxylates means to support the growth in things like home and personal care, areas like low BOC solvents for the paints and coatings industries, the intermediates for the agricultural sector. And, obviously, all of the higher value derivatives that we make that go in pharma applications and energy, think oil and gas and gas treatment, gas scrubbing, all which have great growth drivers. And to deemphasize our exposure to ethylene glycol, which is commodity. And most people probably won't remember when we did the deal with ME Global. We still had a couple of assets here that made ethylene glycol. Longer term, it doesn't make sense for us to make ethylene glycol and small scale assets. So we'll move to purified EO only assets for industrial intermediates. And then all the higher value downstream and really emphasize the specialty side of that business versus the commodity. And I do think the additional drag in the quarter of the fact that ag intermediates were very slow in second quarter because of the hot weather, farmers did not spray in the second quarter, so they missed the whole spray of crops. That's a pretty significant volume on II&I intermediate capacity, and that's really why you saw the drag on them. I do feel like with housing and construction being at the bottom right now, I do think you can say we're at the bottom in that space. And I think things will look optimistic as we moved in -- more optimistic as we move into 2024.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Frank Mitch of Fermium Research. Please go ahead.
Frank Mitch: Hey. Good morning. A clarification and a question, Jim. Just to clarify, your expectation is that we're going to see ethane pricing come back down more in balance with where natural gas is in the relatively near term. Is that correct? And then secondly, Sadara has been impacted by planned maintenance and the macros, the less couple of quarters. So can you give us some outlook on what your expectations are for Sadara in the back half?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Frank. Yes. Look, I think ethane supply is going to continue to increase. There's about 15% of additional supply coming on the 2023, 2024 time frame, and there's 700,000 barrels a day in rejection today with -- this is after the start-up of new assets. So I think the supply is there. I think some of it is obviously been left in the gas because you've had really strong fuel demand for natural gas with the heat in the United States. That has put a big pull on base load power, which today in the US is very dependent on natural gas. I think some of that will come off. You're seeing storage, I think, it's going to hit its peak before the winter season comes. And so, I think as we see some moderation in the weather I think you're going to see potential for ethane pricing to come off. On Sadara, you're right, they had a couple of turnarounds that impacted the results. And, of course, they have a strong exposure to Asia Pacific. They have a very good cost position. So with them back online now and fully operating. And with the demand in Asia continued to be strong, remember, India has GDP rates above 7%. I think you'll see that Sadara will come back a bit in the third quarter and in the fourth quarter.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. Frank, I would also just add that Sadara, just like Dow with self-help, they have a number of structural and operational improvements underway, including some product mix enhancements to increase margins and then their own cost intervention. So you should start to see that build through the back half of the year as well.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Dan Rizzo: Good morning. This is Dan Rizzo on for Laurence. Just in terms of free cash flow conversion, it's obviously very high now, but I was wondering how we should think about it over the next few years given what you're expecting in terms of the new projects you've kind of went through during the call.
Jim Fitterling: Howard, do you want to take that one?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. I mean, thanks for pointing that out. I mean, our second quarter trailing 12 month cash conversion was 98%. And really the team is doing a great job on working capital management. We also got some dividends from our JVs and just an overall continued focus on cash flow. I would not expect 98% going forward. Over the long run, an 80% cash conversion is a good number. Obviously, during periods of low macroeconomic activity, that number will be high because we tend to release working capital dollars. So a 90% number in the bottom of the cycle probably a 70% number at the top of the cycle and then using 80% kind of as a normalized conversion is probably in line.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Duffy Fischer of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Duffy Fischer: Yes. Good morning. If you could, on your Slide 6, just walk through each of the segments on the top line guide sequentially. Roughly, what are you looking volume versus price within those ranges?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Duffy. Well, obviously, on the on the top line, I think sales, obviously, are going to be down about 5% on the high side. It could be down as much as 9%. I think you're going to see -- obviously, we talked a lot about feedstocks and packaging, especially plastics, that'll be one element. We have the one time related items from second quarter to third quarter that won't repeat on licensing, so that's about a $100 million. Cost savings is about $50 million to the positive. And then we just finished -- we just have the turnaround at the cracker St. Charles, which is a $100 million. So I'd say on price, volume -- my expectation is, volume is going to continue to move as we've seen in the second quarter. We have advantaged cost positions around the world and we're taking advantage of that. They're running at high rates and we're able to export. And so, we're going to take advantage of that in the third quarter, and then we're going to navigate the price and, obviously, the headwinds that we have on raw material. I would say the team's already shifting on flexibility. We've got butane in some cases and propane back in the slate in some areas to mitigate some of the higher ethane costs. If you look at II&I, obviously, the big impact will be the loss of capacity out of glycol in Plaquemann. So that'll be a $100 million headwind. That's partly lost margin on those sales and partly the cost of rebuilding the asset and getting it back operational. Cost savings and maintenance activities are actually about a $40 million tailwind. And then we'll continue to see how demand holds up. Automotive demand has been relatively good, but housing and construction has been relatively weak on the polyurethane side. Performance Materials and Coatings, I think volumes are going to hold up well. The price pressure in siloxanes has been the biggest headwind there. Although it's flattened and if it maintains flat, then we may not see as much of a headwind there. Cost savings and lower plan maintenance activity are about a $60 million tailwind for them. So on PM&C, I'd say the other seasonal impact will be a slower seasonal return to kind of a normal seasonal outlook for coatings, because architectural coatings have been relatively weaker. Industrial coatings have been strong, but architectural coatings compared to last year have been relatively weaker. That's kind of the outlook on all three. I'd expect at the high end, all three of them will be down, primarily due to price not so much on volume. And then as obviously demand returns, we'll start to see some pricing power come back in.
Howard Ungerleider: Duffy. Look, I would just say at a very high level, if you think about it -- if you take a step back at the enterprise and think about what we're trying to guide to. It really is on an operating basis, essentially flat sequentially. You've got our self-help, which we're guiding $100 million increase in cost savings. We expect that that will be eaten up by the margin compression that Begleiter talked about that the third party indices are projecting. And then that leaves you with $150 million of stuff that either happened in the second quarter that won't recur. So the project driven licensing sales from the innovation, we're not -- we don't expect another $100 million in the third quarter although the team continues to work on additional licensing and then the $50 million turnaround headwind at an enterprise level, which is net. And so, that's operationally flat. And then, of course, we're still -- we've got to repair and restore the Plaquemines glycol plant, as Jim said. So we're guiding on that $100 million kind of a one-time impact on margin on lost sales and then the cost to rebuild and recommission and get that return to operations. That's a preliminary number and as we learn more through the root cause investigation and the implementation plan to get restart and we'll give a further update.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Christopher Parkinson of Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead.
Christopher Parkinson: Great. Thank you so much. I just wanted to hit back on Slide 9, if I may. Just given the outlook for the CapEx versus D&A and some of the comments on Alberta, can you just hit on any incremental thoughts you'd have on buyback activity in the second half of the year? Dividend growth throughout that period in terms of the current coverage ratio. Just what are the kind of the puts and takes and how your thought process entering the 2024 through 2027 period? Thank you so much.
Jim Fitterling: Howard, do you want to hit view on buybacks?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. Look. We're going to continue to be opportunistic. As we think about the back half, I would say we're going to have my mindset, our mindset, which is, what I think I gave the answer on Jeff's question. $125 million, that's our estimate for dilution. So all things equal, we're going to cover dilution each quarter of Q3 and then Q4. We're going to continue to be opportunistic as we have the free cash flow and the Dow team has done an exceptional job on working capital and just managing cash in a much tighter way. Remember, that was one of the big changes we decided together as leadership team to make it spin is that, every P&L leader will also have their own balance sheet and also their own cash flow statement. So every single leader in our company that manages a P&L now manages the cash flow and that rolls up to the one that Jim and I and the leadership team are responsible for. They've been doing a phenomenal job. 98% cash conversion. So we did $250 million of stock buyback in Q2. And so, you could see that similar kind of number potentially in Q3, and we'll see in Q4. The other thing -- and I don't think we touched on it in this call, but we've talked about in the past is, look, we continue every year since spin, we've had about $1 billion or more of what I would call unique to Dow cash flow interventions or levers. Structural working capital is $200 million to $300 million. Our tax team continues to do a great job around the world. We're looking at any cash that we can potentially extract from our joint ventures, just as several examples. So we also have the Nova litigation, which is several $100 million that we fully expect to win in, I would say, the final round of that Canadian litigation. So there's another $1 billion out there over the next 12, 18 months. And as we get that money and we have the room, we will continue to be even more opportunistic on stock buyback.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Arun Viswanathan of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Arun Viswanathan: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on the Q2. As far as the Q3 outlook goes, it looks like you mentioned still sluggish markets in China [indiscernible] recovery there. Would you call out that as really the main driver of when we can expect things to get better. That is, should we looking mainly for an improvement in China that would help lower the days across many of your segments and signal better demand? Or what do you think are the main drivers of improving volume from here?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Arun. Look, I think China, even though it's slower than what we are expecting is still relatively good in global GDP. I mean, 4.5% to 5% global GDP and the second largest economy in the world is pretty good. And India has been greater than 7% and Mexico has been strong, and we're well positioned to serve all those markets, and we're seeing that as we increase the exports. And obviously, both China and India still need higher-value functional polymers, which are a highly profitable part of what we export from the US Gulf Coast. So I feel good about that. I don't think it's totally just dependent on China improving. I also think it's dependent on things like housing starting to improve again in North America and the European economy coming back. So energy costs have come down in Europe. Natural gas, LNG prices in Europe have kind of flattened around [$10 a million] (ph) BTU, which is a lot of relief from where they've been, obviously, still much more expensive than United States, which is in the three handle on natural gas, but still much, much improved. And so, I think a lot will depend on the European economy coming back, which has been under a ton of pressure. And of course, we have a lot of exposure in Europe. About 30% of our footprint is in Europe, and it's most heavily in polyurethanes and construction chemicals. And then I think in North America, we look in for housing to take a step back, which has started to show some positive signs on new permits and mortgage applications. I think high rents and lack of supply on the housing market are leading to more people thinking about moving in. There's some other bright spots in the economy that I think are coming. We had all the passage of the infrastructure bill, the inflation Reduction Act, the CHIPS Act, which are meant to have a big impact, obviously, here in the United States. But there's a lag between the passage of those bills and the capital spend that goes along with it. We've already seen in areas like wire and cable for telecommunications and high-voltage transmission. We've already seen very strong demand with our downstream customers. And I don't think that's going to back off. So you see that demand already. The return to travel has meant that aerospace production, plane production is back up. You see that in the coatings sector, especially those that have exposure to coatings for the aerospace industry. Obviously, automotive continues to be relatively strong and stronger than last year. Heavy machinery continues to be strong because in a lot of parts of the world, we need to increase mining to keep up with the metals that we need to make this happen. And then automation, we don't talk about it much, but with inflation on wages, many companies are looking more to AI, machine learning and automation of existing manufacturing to get productivity out of manufacturing. So if you're thinking about components that are going into controls and automation and either new construction of new manufacturing lines or revamping existing ones, those companies have pretty big backlogs right now. So I think as housing picks up, it's going to pick up construction and it's going to pick up consumer durables, which had been weak all year really since mid-last year. And I think we look at that to be kind of the indicator of the turn. That will be an indicator in China. That will be an indicator here in North America as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Cunningham of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Patrick Cunningham: Hi. Good morning. Price declines in PM&C continue to be fairly substantial. How do you expect demand and trends for the balance of the year? And what are your sort of expectations for new siloxane capacity in 2023?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning. Good questions on PM&C. Let's just take a look at 2023. In Consumer Solutions, which is primarily silicones and some of the higher end of Dow Industrial Solutions that goes into those applications. The two areas that are a little bit slower than last year in terms of growth, are electronics and mobility, they're up this year, but not to the same extent as last year. And then commercial buildings are relatively flat. Industrial is slightly up. Home and Personal Care is up. And so, that's driven the demand. But when you think about electronics and mobility and construction, those are the biggest volume uses, and I think that's what's put the pressure on as well as the siloxanes capacity in China. In coatings and monomers, the strongest parts of the sector right now are automotive and I think liquid applied sound dampening for undercarriage cars and road marking applications. So infrastructure builds are really driving the volume increases there. Architectural is off, but it's off by a couple of percent. And obviously, the contractor business has come back where during COVID, it was mostly do-it-yourself business. So we've got good dynamics, I think, starting to happen in the contractor side. The paper business has been off, paper coatings have been off year-over-year. I think on siloxanes capacity coming in, in 2022, we saw about 450,000 tons of new soloxanes capacity added. I'd say, in 2023, you've got probably in that range of about 300,000 tons and then beyond 2024 and beyond, you've probably got another 300,000 tons that comes out beyond that time frame. So I think you're looking at kind of the trough on siloxanes right now and maybe a little bit into 2024 and then the demand will start to eat that up.
Operator: Thank you. And we have time for one more question from the line of Josh Spector of UBS. Please go ahead.
Josh Spector: Yes. Hi. Thanks for squeezing me in. Just a quick one on the cost savings. So I guess, if I look at Slide 7, it looks like really 3Q was maybe the last large tranche of sequential step-up. I guess, is that right? So fourth quarter has much lower step up? And can you just remind us what we should be expecting there into 2024? Thanks.
Jim Fitterling: Yes. I think when we looked at the guide for the third quarter, there's $100 million step-up from second quarter. So that will be on a year-over-year basis, about $350 million of cost saves. And I think fourth quarter is going to be in that $300 million to $350 million as well. So two-thirds of the $1 billion, $650 million to $700 million comes out in the back half of this year. Obviously, there's some sequential carryover into next year. So you got about $150 million in the first quarter of next year from the sequential carryover. So the kind of the year-over-year and first quarter will be a step up as well. And those are the spending impacts and then obviously, the businesses are all working on margin improvement within their portfolios. And then Howard mentioned, in addition to the $1 billion of cost saves, we're working on $1 billion of cash levers, unique to Dow cash levers. And I think he just outlined them on the previous question. So I'd say, net-net, we're focusing on cash, both on the cost side and on the cash levers where we can liberate some cash and also improving mix within the businesses and taking advantage of our low-cost positions and running those assets are and then trimming on the high-cost side where we can to set ourselves up for the ramp-up in 2024.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time, I please turn the call over to Pankaj Gupta for closing remarks.
Pankaj Gupta: Yes. Thanks, everyone, for joining our call, and we appreciate your interest in Dow. For your reference, a copy of our transcript will be posted on our website within about 48 hours or so. This concludes our call. Thank you once again.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-25 09:40:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Dow First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn it over to Dow Investor Relations Vice President, Pankaj Gupta. Mr. Gupta, you may begin.
Pankaj Gupta: Good morning. Thank you for joining Dow's first quarter earnings call. This call is available via webcast and we have prepared slides to supplement our comments today. They are posted on the Investor Relations section of Dow's website and through the link to our webcast. I'm Pankaj Gupta, Dow Investor Relations Vice President, and joining me today on the call are Jim Fitterling, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Howard Ungerleider, President and Chief Financial Officer. Please read the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the earnings news release and slides. During our call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations or predictions about the future. Because these statements are based on current assumptions and factors that involve risks and uncertainties, our actual performance and results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Dow's Forms 10-Q and 10-K include detailed discussions of principal risks and uncertainties, which may cause such differences. Unless otherwise specified, all financials where applicable, exclude significant items. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures is contained in the Dow earnings release, in the slides that supplement our comments today, as well as on the Dow website. On Slide 2, you will see the agenda for our call. Jim will begin by reviewing our first quarter results and operating segment performance. Howard will then share our outlook and margin guidance. To close, Jim will outline how our Decarbonize and Grow and Transform the Waste strategies enable continued value creation. Following that, we will take your questions. Now let me turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Fitterling: Thank you, Pankaj. Beginning on Slide 3. In the first quarter, Team Dow demonstrated its agility, delivering sequential earnings improvement in what continues to be a challenging environment. These results reflect our competitive advantages and operating discipline as we leveraged our structurally advantaged feedstock positions, proactively aligned our operating rates with market demand and focused on higher-value products where pockets of demand remain resilient, such as pharmaceutical applications, energy, commercial building and construction and mobility end markets. Additionally, our actions to deliver $1 billion in cost savings in 2023 are progressing with $100 million achieved in the first quarter. These actions will ensure we continue to focus on cash flow generation through our low-cost to serve operating model. Turning to the details of the quarter. Net sales were $11.9 billion, down 22% year-over-year. Declines in all operating segments were driven by continued soft global macroeconomic activity. Sales were flat sequentially, as gains in performance materials and coatings and packaging and specialty plastics offset declines in industrial intermediates and infrastructure. Volume decreased 11% year-over-year, led by declines in Europe, the Middle East, Africa and India or EMEA. However, volumes increased 2% sequentially on gains in performance materials and coatings and packaging and specialty plastics. Local price declined 10% year-over-year and 4% quarter-over-quarter, due to industry supply additions in some businesses amidst soft global economic conditions. Operating EBIT for the quarter was $708 million, down year-over-year due to lower local prices and volumes. Sequentially, operating EBIT improved by $107 million, with gains primarily driven by performance materials and coatings. Cash flow from operations was $531 million in the quarter. On a trailing 12-month basis, cash flow conversion was 85%. With ample financial flexibility and a strong balance sheet, we are continuing to execute on our strategy as we advance our disciplined and balanced capital allocation priorities for long-term value creation. We returned $621 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases during the quarter and our balance sheet continues to have no substantive long-term debt maturities until 2027. Now turning to operating segment performance on Slide 4. In the Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment, operating EBIT was $642 million compared to $1.2 billion in the year ago period, primarily due to lower integrated polyethylene margins. Continued margin resilience in functional polymers was more than offset by lower polyethylene and olefins margins. Volume declines were primarily driven by lower consumer demand in EMEA. Sadara also had lower export volumes due to planned maintenance activity. Sequentially, operating EBIT was down by $13 million. Improved input costs and higher operating rates in our most cost advantage assets were more than offset by lower sales from non-recurring licensing activity and lower equity earnings. Moving to the Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure segment. Operating EBIT for the segment was $123 million compared to $661 million in the year ago period. Results were driven by lower pricing and demand, as well as higher energy costs, particularly in EMEA. Sequentially, operating EBIT was down $41 million. Lower energy costs were more than offset by decreased demand and pricing for propylene oxide, its derivatives, and in isocyanates, in polyurethanes and construction chemicals. Industrial Solutions experienced lower volumes due to weather-related impacts and a third-party supply outage combined with lower demand in industrial end markets. And in the Performance Materials and Coatings segment, operating EBIT for the segment was $35 million compared to $595 million in the year ago period. Local price declines for siloxanes were driven by competitive pricing pressure from supply additions in China. Volume was down as resilient demand for commercial building and construction, mobility and industrial coatings was more than offset by volume declines in siloxanes and architectural coatings. Sequentially, operating EBIT increased $165 million, driven by improved supply availability, seasonally higher volumes, and reduced value chain destocking. Next, I'll turn it over to Howard to review our outlooks and actions on Slide 5.
Howard Ungerleider: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. In the second quarter, we expect to continue navigating challenging macro conditions around the world. While the pace of inflation has slowed, elevated levels continue to pressure both input costs and demand, particularly in industrials, durable goods, and housing. On the bright side, demand in agriculture and energy markets remains resilient, as does consumer demand for personal care and household items. In the U.S., consumer spending continues to moderate while retail sales were up 2.9% year-over-year in March. After contracting for five straight months, normalizing value chain inventories are driving improvements in manufacturing PMI, which reached 50.4 in April. Residential building and construction markets remain under pressure, with housing starts and building permit down around 20% year-over-year in March. However, builder confidence increased for the fourth straight month in April on growing demand in the new home market due to limited resale inventory. In Europe, while energy prices have remained lower than previously anticipated, higher inflation levels continue to weigh on both consumer and business sentiment with manufacturing PMI continuing to contract since July of last year. In China, March industrial production rose 3.9% year-over-year and is recovering gradually with manufacturing PMI now at 50. March retail sales also rose 10.6% year-over-year at their fastest pace since July 2021. Though recovery following the pandemic lockdowns has been slow, we continue expect growth over the medium term. Against this backdrop, we continue to take disciplined actions to manage our costs and deliver our target of $1 billion in cost savings in 2023. We're implementing our global workforce reduction program of approximately 2,000 roles. Notifications have begun and 75% of the impacted roles will exit by the end of the second quarter. We're also continuing to review our global asset footprint on a business by business and region by region approach, rationalizing select higher cost, lower return assets in line with market fundamentals. Additionally, we're executing opportunities to reduce operating costs. This includes decreasing maintenance turnaround spending by $300 million year-over-year and driving efficiencies through the value chain, including streamlining our logistics networks and reducing our spend of purchased raw materials and contract services. All in, we expect to deliver approximately 35% of our cost savings in the first half of the year and the remaining 65% in the second half of the year. Turning to our outlook for the second quarter on Slide 6. In the Packaging & Specialty Plastic segment, we see signs of improving domestic demand versus the start of the year, as well as continued easing in marine pack cargo allowing for increased export volumes. We expect healthy oil to gas spreads to continue to favor cost advantaged positions as rates increase to meet seasonally higher demand levels. All in, we expect these factors to have a $75 million tailwind versus the prior quarter, along with another approximately $70 million tailwind from cost savings actions. We anticipate these will be partly offset by a $25 million headwind from a seasonal increase in planned maintenance activity. In the Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure segment, demand remains resilient in energy and pharmaceutical end markets. However, we expect continued demand pressure in consumer durables, and building and construction, which is also driving a decline in cost pricing from its recent peak. We anticipate a $25 million tailwind from improved volumes in Industrial Solutions following third party outages and the winter weather related impacts, as well as a $20 million tailwind from cost savings actions. Additionally, Dow will begin to turn around at our Louisiana Glycols facility, which is projected to be a $50 million headwind for the segment. In the Performance Materials & Coatings segment, while demand for consumer electronics and industrial end markets is softening, we're seeing a seasonal increase in demand for coating applications as well as improvement in mobility. Our cost saving action will deliver a $50 million tailwind for the segment. The completion of our first quarter turnaround at our Deer Park acrylic monomers facility will be offset by impacts from the planned maintenance at our Carrollton and our Zhangjiagang siloxanes facilities. All in, with puts and takes mentioned and listed on our model and guidance slide, we expect a sequential earnings improvement of $150 million to $200 million versus the prior quarter. With that, I'll turn it back to Jim.
Jim Fitterling: Thank you, Howard. Moving to Slide 7. While we expect near term conditions to remain challenging through the year, we continue to see positive underlying demand trends driving above GDP growth across our attractive market verticals over the next few years. Packaging is vital to delivering a lower carbon footprint. Through our $3 million metric ton Transform the Waste commitment, we will capture demand growth for recycled polyethylene, which is accelerating as brand owners and customers increasingly seek more circular products. In Infrastructure, more than $3 trillion in investments will be needed to meet global infrastructure plans. Green buildings are driving demand for Dow products, including low carbon footprint silicone sealants for high rise buildings, reflective roof coatings and lower carbon emissions cement additives. An expanding middle class will support growth in consumer spending where our products help deliver a lower carbon footprint and enable more sustainable materials through technology, such as biodegradable polymers or bio-based surfactants for home care and thermal conductive silicone gels and adhesives for electronics and batteries. And in mobility, stable global vehicle production growth is expected with increasing demand for electric vehicles which contained 3 times to 4 times more silicone content than internal combustion engine vehicles. Lighter weight vehicles are also aided by our high value polyurethane systems and EPDM technologies. Further, we continue to execute our targeted suite of higher return, lower risk projects, which are expected to add $2 billion in underlying EBITDA by the middle of the decade. These investments put us in an advantaged position to capture demand as economies recover and raise our underlying earnings profile. Turning to Slide 8. With growing consumer and brand owner demand for more sustainable and circular products, leading in the transition to a more sustainable future remains critical to our strategy to drive growth and shareholder value creation. In collaboration with X-energy, in the second quarter we expect to select an analysis site in the U.S. Gulf Coast to develop a small modular nuclear energy facility by 2030. Nuclear technology will be key in generating safe and reliable power and steam at our sites, while enabling zero CO2 emissions manufacturing. In Alberta, we recently awarded Fluor with a contract to provide front end engineering and design services for our Path2Zero project. Today, we achieved another key milestone by selecting Linde as our industrial gas supplier to supply nitrogen and clean hydrogen for the site. Securing partner agreements and subsidies is our next step. All of these actions are critical to reaching a final investment decision this year. As a reminder, this investment for the world's first net zero CO2 emissions ethylene and derivatives complex will decarbonize 20% of our global ethylene capacity. At the same time, it will grow our global polyethylene supply by 15% and triple our Alberta site polyethylene capacity. We're also taking a capital efficient approach to meet increasing demand for more circular solutions as we scale up production for both advanced and mechanical recycling with strategic partners like Valoregen, Mura Technology, and WM among others. Valoregen's 15 kiloton mechanical recycling facility in France will start up during the second half of this year. This hybrid recycling plant is expected to process up to 70 kilotons of plastic waste per year by 2025. And Mura remains on track to start up the first of its kind, 20 kiloton per year advanced recycling plant in Teesside in the United Kingdom in the second half of this year. This is the first step in our strategic partnership with Mura to launch as much as 600 kilotons per year of advanced recycling capacity by 2030. As the key off taker of post-consumer and advanced recycled feed from both of these partnerships, Dow well commercialize circular polymers in high demand from global brands. Altogether by 2030, we are on track to deliver an additional $1 billion in underlying EBITDA improvement through our Alberta project, commercialize 3 million metric tons per year of circular and renewable solutions and reduce Scope 1 and 2 CO2 emissions by 5 million metric tons compared to our 2020 levels. Turning to Slide 9. We remain focused on delivering on our commitments with transparency, accountability and a culture of benchmarking. Today, we published our annual benchmarking update as we have every year since spin, which can be found in the appendix of this presentation and is posted on our website. The results, once again, demonstrate our strong performance relative to peers. In particular, Dow delivered best-in-class free cash flow yield and net debt reduction since spin. We also achieved above peer median return on invested capital and returns to shareholders. Taking a closer look at the results on Slide 10, our free cash flow yield on a three year average is nearly 2 times the peer average and 3 times the sector and market averages. Our differentiated portfolio, cost advantaged assets and operating discipline have resulted in three year EBITDA margins and return on invested capital well above the peer median. This includes our 15% return on invested capital, which is above our 13% target across the economic cycle. Our focus on cash flow generation has supported strong shareholder returns and our strengthened balance sheet has resulted in improved credit ratings and outlooks. Additionally, all operating segments achieved best-in-class or top quartile free cash conversion and cost performance. Notably, Packaging & Specialty Plastics further expanded its outperformance over the next best peer on an EBITDA per pound of polyolefin basis by $0.05 per pound. It also delivered five year average EBITDA margins 500 basis points above the peer median. Looking forward, our growth investments throughout the decade will further enhance our competitive advantages and shareholder value creation. Closing, on Slide 11. Dow continues to execute with consistency and discipline to deliver resilient performance in the near term and sustainable growth in cash flow generation over the long-term. We're implementing targeted actions across the enterprise to reduce costs and maximize cash. Our strong balance sheet provides financial flexibility as we continue to deliver against our capital allocation priorities and our Decarbonize and Grow and Transform the Waste strategies will raise our underlying earnings profile, while reducing our carbon footprint and increasing recycled content. All combined, we are confident in our ability to continue delivering against our financial targets across the economic cycle. With that, I'll turn it back to Pankaj to open up the Q&A.
Pankaj Gupta: Thank you, Jim. Now let's move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instruction] Our first question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Wondering if you could touch a little bit more on Performance Materials and Coatings, obviously, the segment showed very strong results on a sequential basis that were fairly better than what the Street was looking for. So, if you can just give us a little bit more insight into why things turned out better than planned and just sort of what you think the trajectory is for the balance of the year?
Jim Fitterling: Yeah. Good morning, Vince. Good question. They -- obviously, we had some headwinds, obviously, in the fourth quarter in silicones with some outages that did not recur in the first quarter. So that was part of the impact. The other thing you would see in silicones was that, pricing and demand held up relatively well. Some pressure downward on siloxanes pricing in China from new capacity additions there. But I think we're starting to see that the demand is picking up and that should help smooth things out. So you also saw higher net sales in coatings and monomers and also higher volumes. Some of its supply availability, as I mentioned in silicones and siloxanes, the other is getting ready for seasonally higher volumes going into the second quarter. And then we think we'll see more of a traditional seasonal pickup in the coatings and monomers segment. Some pressure on architectural coatings, but industrial coatings are looking relatively strong. And I think we'll have to watch carefully what's going on with housing starts and housing sales and see how that impacts architectural coatings through the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Hassan Ahmed with Alembic Global. Please go ahead.
Hassan Ahmed: Good morning, Jim and Howard. Question around packaging and specialty plastics. Look, I was a bit surprised to see EBITDA being sequentially flat keeping in mind that, obviously, we got $0.06 a pound worth of polyethylene price hikes and ethane was down sequentially. So that's sort of part one of the question. And part two is that, I'd also love to sort of hear your views on what's happening with your operating rates within sort of ethylene and polyethylene, keeping in mind that you guys scaled back in Q4? Thanks so much.
Howard Ungerleider: Good morning, Hassan. Good questions. P&SP did see pricing improve through the quarter in the first quarter, but, obviously, in the fourth quarter, we saw things slide down through the quarter. And so, a simple way to think about it is, we ended the quarter really still below where we started the fourth quarter of last year. So we did see pricing improvements. In fact, we saw $0.03 through in March and we've got a $0.05 nomination into April. But I would say that averaging effect took away some of the impact from oil to gas spreads, which are improving. The other thing is, the oil to gas spreads really improved in the month of March primarily. We didn't see so much impact in the month of February, but in the month of March we saw that. So we -- I would expect that to carry into the second quarter. Operating rates for the quarter were up 10 percentage points, with the biggest pressure still continuing to be in Europe because of the higher cost position there and also the lower demand in Europe, and I would say, that's the biggest. If you look at our volumes and not just in packaging and specialty plastics, but our overall volumes in Europe year-over-year, they're down the most in Europe and our operating rates are the lowest in Europe. As you would expect, whereas our operating rates in the U.S. Gulf Coast, Canada and Argentina with the exception of turnaround time are continuing to be in the 90-plus percent range.
Jim Fitterling: Yes. On two other points on that comparison. So don't forget that in the fourth quarter, we had the innovation catalyst and actually a licensing sale. Those are lumpy. That was about $70 million in the fourth quarter that didn't recur. So that was a headwind sequentially. And then also the bulk of Q1, we had the cracker in Sadara out for a planned maintenance turnaround. So that's now back up and running, and that should be a tailwind improvement in the second quarter.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. Jim, the sequential increase in Q2 is a little less than normal. Where are you seeing the greatest pressures from a volume perspective in Q2 versus maybe perhaps normal seasonality?
Jim Fitterling: Yeah. I would say the biggest pressure still continues to be an II&I and more specifically in polyurethanes and construction chemicals. I'd say the one thing that may not be quite as obvious in the second quarter guidance is, there's a $70 million headwind in there from Chlor-Alkali and Vinyl. And we've seen some pressure, obviously, there on lower demand. And as you know, that complex operates on both caustic soda and also chlorine demand. And with housing down, PVC demand being down and the pressure that puts on operating rates brings things down. Then on the other side, obviously, we're seeing industrial uses putting some downward pressure on both demand and price in caustic soda. So I'd say, they're managing it well. They're making the adjustments that they need to make, and -- but that's probably the biggest difference in looking forward to Q2. I would say from a turnarounds perspective, we're in pretty good shape. Howard, do you have a comparison, like, on turnarounds Q2 versus Q1?
Howard Ungerleider: Yep. I mean turnaround sequentially are going to be about a $75 million headwind. $25 millions of that in P&SP and the balance in Industrial Intermediates.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Byrne with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Steve Byren: Yes. Thank you. I just wanted to confirm that the margin benefit from propane to propylene that's not realized in the PM&C segment. Is that right? And perhaps a question about the headcount reduction, 2,000 target for the year. What is that off of the total number? And is your benchmarking analysis that it highlight that is an area to focus on, like, EBITDA per employee or something like that? Thanks.
Jim Fitterling: Yeah. First, Steve, I'm going to take a shot, because I want to make sure I get this right. So Howard, I'll ask you to comment. But we transfer propylene and ethylene at market. Having said that, we roll some of the benefit of the propylene spread forward into II&I, for example, for polyurethanes and into coatings and monomers. So they see -- it's there for their integration benefit and so they see that in their numbers, it rolls forward. So it should show up in that side of the equation. On the 2,000 headcount reduction, that is off our published Dow Direct headcount list. So you would expect 75% of those exits to happen by the end of second quarter, as Howard said, probably close and 90% by the end of the year. The only reason for the time lag is, as some of the site announcements get made on-site closures. Well, I have to, obviously, work through the timing with works councils and others on that and the timing of the closures. The driving force for that is, obviously, just looking at our overall cost position and trying to keep our cost lean and in line with demand. If you can take a look at demand really hit in fourth quarter, really hit the lowest we've seen since the beginning of the COVID pandemic, which was back in March of 2020. And so, we really need to tighten up to that level and then see how we can go as we expand out of that. Are there thoughts or comments?
Howard Ungerleider: No. That's correct. Agreed.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. ExxonMobil announced a very large project in Baytown to produce ammonia and hydrogen in order to decarbonize their Gulf Coast facilities. Is that something that Dow might do, that is, do you want to get involved in the ammonia markets or the hydrogen markets in the United States? And then secondly, for Howard, what's the working capital benefit look like for this year? Is that, I don't know, $400 million? Is it a higher number or a lower number? Your cash flows probably will work their way up this year?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Jeff. I'll take the Exxon question and the ammonia question. I'll have Howard tackle the working capital. I think one of the things that's happened is, obviously, ammonia as a fuel is becoming an interesting market. And so, in addition to decarbonizing, there's also a shift in what's expected to be a shift in fuel mix. We've seen that with some announcements in ammonia fuel for overseas shipping. And so, I think there's a play into that market. As we look at our own assets, we're going to look at hydrogen and carbon capture as ways to decarbonize. And obviously, we've got the plan to decarbonize one of our assets with advanced small modular nuclear reactors. It will be site specific as we go through it. I think hydrogen clearly is going to play a role because of the ability to take off gases through autothermal reforming and convert those into hydrogen. That will probably be the most efficient for us. But there will be a wide variety of uses, but I don't see us entering the ammonia markets.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. Jeff, on the working capital, really proud of the work that the Dow Team did. Sequentially, we kept our conversion or efficiency on a days basis flat, sequentially from Q4 to Q1. You think about as we enter turnaround season as we enter hopefully a period of heavier demand, that's very good. Actually, we put our inventory units down about 2% sequentially. To your question about the full year, I would say, we're working on between two and three days of structural efficiency, improvement in working capital. On a dollars basis, that's anywhere between $300 million and $500 million for the year in terms of improvement in cash.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Mike Sison with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Mike Sison: Hi, guys. Nice start to the year. Just curious, I think you mentioned your North American operating rates would improve 2Q to 90%. I think the EBIT driver is up $75 million. So just curious why the improvement in P&SP, wouldn't be stronger in 2Q? Are you thinking polyethylene margins are coming down? Or just maybe any other factors that the improvement would have been better?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Michael, I would say two things. We've got nominations out for April in terms of pricing. I think there's also capacity coming on. So, we're being realistic about where we think things are moving in the marketplace. Exports are up, which is good. We hit the highest level of marine pack cargo exports since March of 2021. And so, that is a really good sign. And the schedule reliability on marine pack cargo exports has been the best since October of 2020. So we're seeing really positive trends there. The only inventory increase we saw in the region was really at the export hubs, which was sitting there waiting for exports. So I think overall industry inventories are under control. So those are all net positives. Oil to gas spreads promptly are a little bit less than where we ended the quarter. And I would expect as we get into second quarter and demand for that natural gas picks up a little bit, we should see some of that natural gas pricing move up a little bit. But still it's going to be good oil to gas spreads here in the U.S. So I think it's still guiding up on integrated margins, but there could be potential for some upside from there.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, Michael, the other thing is, don't forget, there's a $25 million headwind from a turnaround in Functional Polymers, which is in P&SP as well sequentially.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
John McNulty: Yeah. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. So maybe just to dig a little bit further on the U.S. side of the market, obviously, there is some capacity coming on in the polyethylene area. Can you speak to the demand trends that you're actually seeing if there's any pockets of either strength or incremental weakness that you're seeing? And then also, can you give us kind of an update as to how you're seeing the mix of domestic versus export demand and how you expect that to trend through 2023?
Jim Fitterling: Yeah. Good morning, John. The global demand has been improving. North America, we had some benefit, obviously, in the first quarter because the industry had about 14% of capacity online due to force majeures and unplanned events, and there were some delays in capacity startups in the first quarter. We still see North American fundamentals to be very robust as we go into the second quarter and through the year. I think logistics challenges appear to be behind us, both marine pack cargo, road shipments are all kind of getting back to normal space. The biggest drag right now probably on P&SP is in Europe. Europe has been pretty slow, still some destocking going on there. We're having some advantage from cracking propane in Terneuzen and Tarragona. So we've been cracking max propane there. So that helps a little bit. But I think the weight of the European market is really the biggest drag right now. I expect North American market to be pretty robust.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Kevin McCarthy : Yes. Good morning. Jim, I'm listening to your prepared remarks, it sounds like you're still evaluating potential for rationalization of some higher cost assets. And so, I'm wondering if you could speak to the possible size, scope and timing of that effort, and whether you're really looking at Europe as the center of gravity, given geopolitical and energy changes there or something larger and broader than that?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Kevin. I would say Europe, obviously, adds the attention because in most cases, it's moved into the high cost position around the globe and there's a lot of pressure from higher energy costs as well. LNG costs into Europe right now are in the $14 to $ 17 a million Btu range, while we sit here in the U.S. between $2 and $3. And so, I think you can sense over the long-term that, that continues to be the same in the long-term, that will put a lot of pressure on the European market. A lot depends on how the European Union and also how the individual member states respond via energy policies and other changes that they're looking at and hard to anticipate when they'll make those decisions. But energy cost is going to be a big driving force, and that will be one that will be hard to overcome. So we'll continue to look at those assets. We don't want to jump the gun and get ahead of any policy changes that might make them still competitive long-term. But those are the biggest things on big assets, big sites that are in our head right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Duffy Fischer with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Duffy Fischer: Yes. Good morning. Jim, wanted to dig a little bit on the comment you made about a $70 million sequential headwind in chlor-alkali. So a couple of questions there. Is that mostly with the European assets? Or is that on the U.S. contract chlor-alkali you get? And is most of that pain coming from caustic? Or are you also seeing margin squeeze on the chlorine and chlorine derivatives?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Duffy, our exposure on caustic is really Europe and Latin America. So, most of that $70 million is on that. None of what was in that guidance, that outlook guidance was related to our contracts with [indiscernible]. So nothing related to that. And I would say that's clearly driven by the market dynamics and the market demand that is driving lower prices and also lower operating rates in those regions. So we'll continue to keep an eye on that. Housing, I think -- if housing begins to turn a little bit, that will be one of the first things that will help out. And then industrial demand has also been relatively soft. Those two drivers will be the ones that will start to make that turn.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Spector with UBS. Please go ahead.
Josh Spector : Yeah. Hi, thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to follow up on volumes, I'm thinking maybe another quarter or two out. So, the past couple of quarters, your volumes have been down something in the range of 8% to 10% year-over-year. That seems to be kind of where you're guiding for the second quarter. And I mean, generally, we're seeing a slower uptick than what we expected sequentially and some market weakening. So I'm just curious, at this point, should we be assuming that volumes are down a similar level to that in 3Q? And obviously, the comps get easier in 4Q. But I'm wondering what in your view would change that trajectory or if that's the right way to think about it?
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Good question on the volumes. I would say North American volumes are coming back, which I think is going to be a real positive. If you look at same quarter last year, I mentioned we were down 11% on volume. That was really led by EMEA. So EMEA was down 15% during that same time frame. So you can see that some of the other cost advantaged regions were still doing relatively well. The other thing to think about is Asia Pacific. We did start to see -- after February we started to see some positive expansion in the China market, which we had not seen earlier in the first quarter. And so, if you look at P&SP and II&I, both volumes were down a lot in the first quarter. We had some, as Howard mentioned, nonrecurring licensing activity, which is not really a volume but an EBITDA play. And then we had the Sadara cracker turnaround, which took volumes out as well for them. And so, I think you're going to see Asia Pacific volumes pick up in the second quarter, and I would think that, that would continue. We're starting to see even in areas like MEG, we're starting to see the spot market pick up a bit and the operating rates in China pick up a bit. So that will help. And then the question will be, when do we start to see some positive momentum out of Europe? So I would think through the year, we should start to see this gradually improve. That's what our plan for the year is, first half of the year, if you follow where we are, we'll make a little bit less than half of our target for the year, and we'll make the rest in the back half, largely on good price/volume management, good control over operations and our own self-help on delivering that $1 billion of cost saving.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander : Hi. Good morning. Just to follow up on that sequential build. What are you thinking about in terms of the amount of summer inventory build or how to think about the seasonality in Q3, given the mix in the top end markets youve described?
Jim Fitterling: Well, as Howard mentioned, we're really focused on efficiency. And so, we're looking to get two, three days of efficiency. I'd love to get that efficiency through higher sales rather than through the opposite way. But we're keeping inventories well under control. For example, we ended the first quarter really similar, maybe even slightly lower than we ended the fourth quarter in terms of actual volume and inventory. I don't think we're in a scenario where there's any reason to really build big inventories going into the season, maybe on a specific business like coatings needs to build a little bit ahead of the seasonal demand. But for the rest, we have the ability to ramp up rates to match that demand, and that's what we're going to do. So I feel like inventory -- we're going to manage it pretty tight through the year. I don't see any outside drivers out there that would give us a signal that we should be doing anything more. We would need to see some really strong demand drivers and demand signals to move off of that tight inventory management.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Parkinson with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Christopher Parkinson: Okay. Thank you so much. It's obviously been a few years with China now finally emerging from COVID. But can you just kind of give us your latest and greatest thoughts on your three main segments regarding the potential for new Chinese supply across polyethylene, MDI, and then just the remainder siloxanes, which you've already been mentioning. Just given that they're finally emerging from this, just any update on your thought process there will be incredibly helpful. Thank you so much.
Jim Fitterling: Sure. Let me try to do this MDI and siloxanes. Look, on siloxanes, there were about four additions in China last year on siloxanes capacity. You had each one of them range, they were between 100,000 and 200,000 tons each. And so -- there are some more planned additions coming throughout this year. But I think the net total -- the biggest year was last year that we saw about 650,000 tons added. So I think we're through that. MDI, I think, is a timing game, as we've said before, I feel good about where supply/demand is with MDI. In the short term, the operating rates have been between 75% and 80%. And it's all depending on your view of how fast the Chinese capacity is going to come on. We think it's going to be spread out a little bit more over time versus all coming on in 2023. And so, our view is that, the industry operating rates should hold up in that high 70s, almost 80% range, which historically is a constructive range for MDI. And in polyethylene, I haven't seen -- as you know, most of the capacity over the last 10 years has been added in China. The supply additions and also the delays and the cancellations mean that things are going to be pretty balanced to maybe even slightly net short over the next couple of years, maybe in the range of 2 million to 5 million tons net short. So I think supply additions in polyethylene is not the big concern right now. I think it's -- we're focused more on growing that recycling business and also making sure that we've got our footprint in the lowest cost to operate jurisdictions. North America, Middle East and U.S. ethane, Canadian ethane, Argentina, all substantially advantaged to European and Asian naphtha right now and even MTO and CTO. So, we want to continue to build out our footprint in more cost advantaged regions going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Leithead with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Mike Leithead: Great. Thanks. Good morning. I was hoping you could help me reconcile Slide 5 and Slide 7 a bit. If we look at Slide 5, your main product verticals look pretty challenged near term. And then on Slide 7, you talk about why they should see pretty attractive growth over the next one to two years. Obviously, I recognize there's a bit of a time disconnect or differential there. But I guess, internally, how do you get comfortable that what we're seeing near term only transitory or maybe the other way around, when do you start rethinking some of the timing of your expansion investments if demand remains weaker for longer?
Jim Fitterling: Yes, good question, Michael. I mean, I think a lot right now, a lot of the weight on the market is the inflationary pressure and the things have remained stickier for longer. You are seeing in commodities that pricing is coming down. That hasn't rolled through yet to the consumer. And so, the weight on the consumer and the consumers' confidence has not been there. And the manufacturing confidence indexes have not been that grade either. A lot of them have been in contraction until just recently, and we're starting to see some positivity in the PMI numbers. China, just moving positive. It's a little bit mixed still here in North America, but a couple of zones in the Fed are starting to move into positive PMI territory. So I think as that market sentiment improves, we'll get ourselves back on to the normal trajectory. And what typically drives the growth for our products is GDP and an increasing middle class. And both of those, we believe, are going to continue to drive them for the long-term. It's true in Packaging & Specialty Plastics. The drive to urbanization drives a lot of volume in silicones and siloxane. So, think about architectural structures, high-rise buildings, even multifamily homes, which have been weak relatively. And then when you get back into II&I, polyurethane and construction chemicals, really driven by housing starts, housing sales, whether it's in insulation or its in appliances or durable goods and in Dow Industrial Solutions, markets like ag, pharma and [cipients] (ph), every day consumer products, household goods, cleaning items that you buy all have positive trends. So I think it is a timing issue. There's been a lot of projects and incentives and policies deployed to drive this capital that's going to be invested in infrastructure, but it takes a while for that to actually ramp up. And so, I think that's why we took the near-term, long-term view of it, and that was what those two slides were meant to represent.
Howard Ungerleider: And Mike, I mean the other positive on long-term trend of mobility with EVs, don't forget, there's a significant increase in multiple of the need for Dow chemistry in an EV vehicle than in an internal combustion engine. So that will be a real growth driver for our silicones business as well as our elastomers business and to a lesser extent, urethane acrylics.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Aleksey Yefremov with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. You work on your Alberta projects, do you have a sense of how much capital costs have come up roughly since you built the Texas 9 cracker on the Gulf Coast?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Aleksey. Thanks for the question. On Alberta, I would think about it this way. Our target there is to try to get the total cost of the project in dollars per ton of capacity to be advantaged to the Texas 9 project. And we believe that we can do that based on what we've seen so far. Through the rest of this year, we'll be getting firm bids on some of the bulk materials that go in, and we'll have a feel for that. But we've been watching, obviously, steel, cement and the other markets that really drive a lot of those bulk costs. I think we'll be able to do that. Part of it is scale, part of it is learnings on construction and techniques that we picked up off of Texas 9. And so, there's some that we'll engineer into this as well. But my sense of this is, Texas 9 since start-up has been well above 15% return on invested capital, which is going to be one of the most successful cracker projects and derivatives projects ever. And I think when you look at Alberta, we're going to have a chance to replicate maybe even improve on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets.
Arun Viswanathan: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I just had a question about the $1.5 billion Q2 or so implied EBITDA guidance. When you think about that, it looks like there's $75 million of headwinds in there as well. So maybe it's a $1.6 billion number. So how would you characterize that within your framework of peak to trough? Would you still consider maybe $2 billion as a mid-cycle Q2 number? And so maybe you're 75% to 80% of the way there? Or -- and does the cost reductions kind of bridge that gap? Or how are we thinking about where we are kind of in your earnings trajectory? Thanks.
Jim Fitterling: Howard, do you want to go through -- walk through on the outlook?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. No, I think -- I mean, Arun, you're thinking about it right in terms of the walk from Q1 to Q2. I would say my perspective, Jim, you may have your own view. But -- look, I think $2 billion is light from a normalized basis. We're still looking at that 6 to 12 current portfolio view from trough to peak, and that's heading in the middle of the decade, that should be more like 7.5 or 8 to as much as 13 or eventually 14 once we add in the Alberta project. So I think a more normalized EBITDA for us is in that $9 million to $10 million range in a normalized macro. So, when you're looking at $1.5 billion, plus or minus, you're still -- you're right around the floor of the earnings quarter on an annualized basis. And then, obviously, that $1 billion of cost saves that will ramp, 65% that will get us -- will come to the bottom line in the second half of the year, that just is there to protect and ensure that we can deliver in that $6 billion plus or minus range.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Cunningham with Citi. Please go ahead.
Patrick Cunningham: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking question. In the release, you highlighted some year-over-year strength in functional polymers for renewable technology. Can you highlight some of those technologies? And then similarly, on the near-term growth investments, I think, Functional Polymers is a significant part of that. What technologies or end markets are targeted investments here?
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Welcome, Patrick. And Functional Polymers is about 25% of the P&SP portfolio on the polymer side. And I'd say the two biggest areas of strength there are in the solar photovoltaic films and you think about the protective films that are used to put together the solar panels. We've got a good position there. And with some of the leading producers around the world and we're starting to see some real volumes pick up there. So I think you're going to see that industry be the beneficiary in the near term, probably one of the early beneficiaries of the infrastructure and the IRA monies that have been deployed. And the other area would be wire and cable, and we're starting to see a pickup there. So as we put more alternative energy in and we would also have to deal with the aging grid and we have to deal with also infrastructure work that utilities need to do on the grid to increase the reliability and expand the grid because populations are expanding in a lot of these urban areas. That drives demand for wire and cable products of which we have a leading market position, whether it's high voltage transmission or whether it's down into medium and lower voltage, things like in the telecom sector. So, as we're expanding reach for more wireless access to the people, we're going to see more telecommunitication towers go up, that's going to drive more demand for wire and cable products for those projects.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Blair with Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Please go ahead.
Matthew Blair: Hi there. Good morning. Jim, could you provide some more color on your auto end market. The mobility category on Slide 5 actually looks a little bit better than all of your other major areas. Are you gaining share? And how are things tracking relative to your expectations?
Jim Fitterling: Mobility is a growth platform for us, and the team there that's focused on building back some of that core capability that we had prior to the spin is doing a great job. Silicones are a big part of that. So improving the resilience of the system with more electronics on the vehicles is great. But we also play a leading part in noise, vibration and harshness in the vehicle. So we've got a long history of doing that. We're starting to see pickup for recycled materials. So our SPECFLEX C and also our RENUVA recycled materials, like recycled mattresses, SPECFLEX C CPU system is made out of polyols made out of recycled engine oil are now pickup in automotive seating applications. We also have a lot going on with acrylic, both hybrid acrylic and silicone technologies in this area. We've just won some recent innovation awards for some products that I think are going to be real platform winners. LUXSENSE silicon leather. We just got a big innovation award. This is a really high-quality synthetic silicone-based leather which can be used in automotive applications. It's durable. It holds color well, you can clean it easily. Also a lot of pickup with the Bridgestone self-sealing tires, which has a silicone inner layer to it, which allows that tire to seal. And that will completely eliminate the need for a spare on a vehicle. That also can be recycled. The silicon can be separated from the tire and be recycled. And then we play in the lighting area. In LED lighting, we're a big provider, both in what you would see in your home every day with LED lighting, but also in multiple optical silicones, we think the headlamps in automotive applications as they become more sophisticated, they move more to the multiple optical silicon in those applications. So we're excited about it. We think it has a potential to be a significant contributor to our future growth.
Operator: I will now turn the conference back over to Pankaj for any closing remarks.
Pankaj Gupta : Thank you, everyone, for joining our call, and we appreciate your interest in Dow. For your reference, a copy of our transcript will be posted on our website within approximately 48 hours. This concludes our call. Thank you, once again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-26 08:00:00) =====
Operator: [Call Starts Abruptly] 2022 earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn it over to Dow Investor Relations Vice President, Pankaj Gupta. Mr. Gupta, you may begin.
Pankaj Gupta: Good morning. Thank you for joining Dow's fourth quarter earnings call. This call is available via webcast, and we have prepared slides to supplement our comments today. They are posted on the Investor Relations section of Dow's website and through the link to our webcast. I'm Pankaj Gupta, Dow Investor Relations Vice President. And joining me today on the call are Jim Fitterling, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Howard Ungerleider, President and Chief Financial Officer. Please read the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the earnings news release and slides. During our call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations or predictions about the future. Because these statements are based on current assumptions and factors that involve risks and uncertainties, our actual performance and results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements.  Dow's Forms 10-Q and 10-K include detailed discussions of principal risks and uncertainties, which may cause such differences. Unless otherwise specified, all financials where applicable exclude significant items. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures is contained in the Dow earnings release, in the slides that supplement our comments today as well as on the Dow website. On Slide 2, you will see the agenda for our call. Jim will begin by reviewing our fourth quarter results and operating segment performance. Howard will then share our outlook and modeling guidance. And to close, Jim will then outline our competitive position for long-term value creation. Following that, we will take your questions. Now let me turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Fitterling: Thank you, Pankaj. Beginning on Slide 3. In the fourth quarter, Team Dow continued to take proactive actions to navigate slower GDP growth, challenging energy markets and customer destocking. We proactively lowered our operating rates to effectively manage working capital, implemented operational mitigation plans and cost saving measures and prioritized higher-value products where demand remained resilient, including in functional polymers and performance silicones as well as in mobility, renewable energy and pharma end markets. These actions, combined with our continued focus on cash enabled us to deliver cash flow from operations of $2.1 billion in the quarter. Cash flow conversion was 166%, and we returned $620 million to shareholders. Dow's cash generation reflects our continued focus on operational and financial discipline, which was important as we navigated an extremely dynamic year in 2022, as you see on Slide 4.  In the first half of the year, we capitalized on strong demand across our diverse global portfolio while leveraging our derivative and feedstock flexibility and low-cost positions to mitigate higher raw material and energy costs. In the second half of the year, economic conditions deteriorated driven by record inflation, rising interest rates, ongoing pandemic lockdowns in China and continued geopolitical tensions.  In the face of these evolving market dynamics, Dow was resilient, generating cash flow from operations of $7.5 billion for the full year. While executing our disciplined and balanced approach to capital allocation. We delivered returns on invested capital of 15%, above our 13% across the economic cycle target, as we prioritized higher return, lower risk and faster payback investments.  We achieved credit rating and outlook upgrades as a result of our strengthened balance sheet, and we have no substantive debt maturities due until 2027. And we returned a total of $4.3 billion to shareholders, including $2.3 billion in share repurchases and $2 billion in dividends. At the same time, we continue to advance our Decarbonize and Grow strategy and accelerate circularity to create long-term shareholder value as we meet growing customer demand for more sustainable solutions. I'm proud of how Team Dow continues to deliver for our customers, drive shareholder value and support our communities as we progress toward our 2050 carbon neutrality target, and you can see a number of those highlights depicted on this slide. Now turning to our operating segment performance on Slide 5. In the Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment, net sales were $6.1 billion, down 16% year-over-year as price gains across all regions and functional polymers were more than offset by lower polyethylene and olefin prices.  Volume declines were driven primarily by lower olefins and packaging demand in Europe, which was partly offset by a resilient global demand for functional polymers. Sequentially, net sales were down 17% driven by lower hydrocarbon sales and polyethylene prices. Operating EBIT for the segment was $655 million compared to $1.4 billion in the year ago period, primarily due to lower integrated polyethylene margins. Sequentially, operating EBIT was down $130 million as lower raw material and energy costs were more than offset by lower polyethylene prices and operating rates. Moving to the Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure segment. Net sales were $3.7 billion, down 20% from the year ago period. Volumes declined primarily due to lower demand in Europe for industrial, consumer durables and building and construction applications. Sequentially, net sales were down 10% as seasonal demand increases for deicing fluid were more than offset by declines in building and construction, consumer durables and industrial applications. Operating EBIT for the segment was $164 million compared to $595 million in the year-ago period, driven by lower demand and increasing energy costs, particularly in Europe. Sequentially, operating EBIT margins expanded by 40 basis points as lower energy costs versus the prior quarter were partly offset by lower volumes. And in the Performance Materials & Coatings segment, we reported net sales of $2.1 billion, down 20% year-over-year as local price gains for performance silicones and architectural coatings were more than offset by lower prices for siloxanes and acrylic monomers. Volume was down as resilient demand in mobility was more than offset by declines primarily in building and construction end markets. Sequentially, net sales were down 22% due to seasonally lower demand for coatings, industrial and building and construction applications as well as local price declines for siloxanes and acrylic monomers. Operating EBIT for the segment was a loss of $130 million compared to earnings of $295 million in the year-ago period due to local price declines primarily in siloxane and lower operating rates in the quarter. Sequentially, operating EBIT declined $432 million, driven by lower prices, demand and operating rates. I'll now turn it over to Howard to review our outlook and actions on Slide 6.
Howard Ungerleider: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. We expect the market dynamics we experienced in late 2022 to continue into early '23. While the pace of inflation has moderated, overall cost levels remain elevated, which has continued to trigger tighter monetary policy in most parts of the world and is weighing on both business investment and consumer sentiment.  The majority of economic forecasts are calling for slower GDP growth globally relative to 2022, although dynamics differ by region, with most regions except Europe still forecasting positive year-on-year growth. In the U.S., we see signs of moderating demand and the continuation of year-end destocking trends early in the quarter.  Building and construction end markets have been particularly impacted by inflation and rising interest rates with housing starts declining by more than 20% year-over-year in December. Manufacturing PMI contracted for the third consecutive month of 48, while light vehicle sales in the U.S. were down for the full year by 8 percentage points. Easing inflation is leading to improving consumer confidence, albeit from depressed levels in late 2022, while consumer spending remains resilient. In Europe, we expect demand to remain constrained despite recent improvements in regional energy prices.  While the move to five-year highs in gas storage is a positive sign, changing weather forecasts are leading to volatility in the futures markets. High inflation and geopolitical tensions continue to weigh on consumer spending and industrial production. December manufacturing PMI has been contracting since July, and construction PMI reached its lowest level since May. In China, while we're very encouraged by recent ships in COVID policy to ease restrictions and open up orders, we expect these actions to take some time to improve economic activity. This is an area we're closely monitoring as it has the potential to provide a source of significant demand recovery following the Lunar New Year.  And in Latin America, overall economic growth is expected to slow, driven by political tensions, high inflation and restrictive monetary policy. Given this dynamic backdrop, we will continue to take a region by region, business-by-business approach to managing our operations and adapting our businesses to the evolving market realities. Turning to Slide 7. As we highlighted at our last earnings call, we are proactively responding to the current economic environment with a playbook of targeted actions to deliver $1 billion in cost savings. This begins with maintaining a low cost to serve operating model by implementing actions to optimize our labor and service costs, including a global workforce reduction of approximately 2,000 roles.  We will continue to increase productivity with end-to-end process improvements now that our digital foundation is in place, and we will also shut down select assets while further evaluating additional actions across our global asset base, particularly in Europe to ensure long-term competitiveness while also enhancing our cost efficiency. These structural actions are expected to deliver a total of $500 million in EBITDA savings this year. Additionally, we will deliver another $500 million of savings through actions to maximize cash flow while reducing our operational expenses. This includes decreasing turnaround spend, purchased raw materials, logistics and utilities costs. Importantly, we will do this while maintaining safe and reliable operations, which, as always, remains our top priority. These proactive actions will optimize our cost structure in response to the near-term macroeconomic uncertainty while maintaining our long-term value-creation focus. Turning to our outlook for the first quarter on Slide 8. In the Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment, improving logistics and lower operating rates led to the fifth consecutive month of inventory declines for U.S. polyethylene in December. Reduced global operating rates are continuing to drive feedstock and input costs down with ongoing destocking through the value chain impacting functional polymer strength and demand in Europe.  While lower turnaround costs will be a sequential tailwind, we expect lower demand levels in Asia to impact equity earnings and lower nonrecurring licensing activity from the prior quarter will impact earnings. In total, we expect a $75 million headwind for the segment sequentially. And the Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure segment, demand remains stable for energy markets, and we're monitoring demand for deicing fluids with a warmer than average winter. However, inflationary pressures in contracting PMIs continue to impact industrial demand, and we expect lower seasonal volumes in building construction end markets. We also anticipate an approximately $25 million headwind due to a third-party outage, which is causing a supply disruption on the U.S. Gulf Coast from winter storm Elliott. And in the Performance Materials & Coatings segment, we expect demand recovery for performance silicones following year-end customer destocking as well as improved supply availability and lower costs. However, we also anticipate lower siloxane pricing in the quarter as we continue to see pressure from increased industry supply.  We expect higher planned maintenance turnaround costs in this segment at our Deer Park acrylic monomer site in performance monitors. All in, we anticipate a $25 million tailwind for the segment. In total, we expect the first quarter to be in line with the fourth quarter performance with the $75 million in discrete headwinds I mentioned. Turning to the full year. We're continuing to provide our best estimates of several income statement and cash flow drivers. I will highlight a few notable year-over-year inputs. We expect lower equity earnings in the year down approximately $300 million to $400 million. Total turnaround spending is anticipated to be down by $300 million as we implement our playbook of cost savings actions while maintaining safe and reliable operations.  We expect share count to remain relatively flat as we plan to continue covering dilution. And finally, we anticipate increasing our capital expenditures to $2.2 billion, well within our D&A of $2.8 billion as we continue to advance our higher return, faster payback projects and continue to execute on our decarbonized and growth strategy. Overall, the macroeconomic backdrop remains dynamic in 2023, we see the potential for additional upside from higher oil to gas spreads, reopening in China following the Lunar New Year and easing inflation and supply chain constraints. We also continue to pay close attention to a range of indicators, including pressure from higher interest rates on building and construction, PMI levels, global energy markets and geopolitical dynamics.  Dow remains well positioned based on our global footprint, feedstock flexibility and the sustainable solutions we provide for our customers. We will continue to leverage these competitive advantages to deliver long-term value for our shareholders. With that, I'll turn it back to Jim.
Jim Fitterling: Thank you, Howard. Moving to Slide 10. While the near-term environment remains challenging, we continue to see attractive secular trends across our market verticals of packaging, infrastructure, consumer and mobility. With resilient cash flow generation and a strong credit profile, we are well positioned to continue advancing our Decarbonize and Grow strategy to capitalize on these opportunities.  We Delivered on our growth investment commitments outlined in early 2022. These investments are expected to collectively generate $2 billion in run rate EBITDA by the middle of this decade. In Packaging & Specialty Plastics, we mechanically completed and began final commissioning of our FCDh unit in Louisiana in the fourth quarter. This breakthrough propylene technology features up to 25% lower capital outlay while reducing energy usage and greenhouse gas emissions by up to 20% versus conventional FCDh units. In Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure, our latest alkoxylates capacity investment in the United States was completed in the third quarter of 2022, and our next in Europe will be completed in the first quarter of this year. These projects will further serve high-value markets in home care and pharma and are just a start.  Our next wave of alkoxylates capacity investments remain on track. In fact, Dow has already successfully begun locking in supply contracts with several consumer and pharmaceutical customers to support the next wave of growth. And in Performance Materials & Coatings, we completed 16 downstream silicone debottleneck projects in 2022 to meet demand for high performance, building and construction, personal care and mobility applications. Additionally, we accelerated the delivery of our digitalization initiatives and now expect the full $300 million run rate EBITDA to fully materialize by the end of 2023, well ahead of our prior target of 2025. As a result, we anticipate our digital sales to comprise 50% of total revenue by 2025. Looking forward, we expect to continue growth investments in our global operations, including key capital investments in higher-margin polyurethane systems and additional alkoxylate capacity, incremental projects to expand downstream, high-value ethylene derivative capacity and continued coatings and silicon debottlenecking projects. We will also continue progressing our operating investments to improve production capabilities and reliability as we shift our product mix toward higher growth and higher-value markets. Turning to Slide 11. Decarbonizing our assets and driving circularity remains a significant growth opportunity for Dow. We have a clear road map to reduce carbon emissions by another 5 million metric tons by 2030. We continue to invest in innovative, renewable energy and efficiency technologies, such as our collaborative program with Shell to electrically heat steam cracker furnaces, which is on track to start up in 2025. In Alberta, we reached a preliminary investment decision for our past to Zero project, and we are working with the Canadian government to confirm necessary incentives so that we can make a final investment decision by the end of this year. And our Terneuzen 2030 project, where we have a clear road map to reduce carbon emissions at the site by more than 40% by 2030 is making progress as we secure partner and government agreements and subsidies.  We are also advancing our transform the waste target to commercialize 3 million metric tons of circular and renewable solutions annually by 2030. By leveraging our pipeline of strategic partnerships to invest in innovative solutions and scale up production, we are well positioned to meet this growing customer demand in a disciplined and capital-efficient manner. Most recently, Dow and WM announced a bold new collaboration to address hard-to-recycle plastic films by enabling them to be placed directly into residential curbside recycling. By 2025, the program is expected to divert more than 120,000 metric tons of plastic film from landfills. We continue to see sustainability as essential for our long-term earnings growth. Altogether, by 2030, we remain on track to deliver $3 billion in underlying EBITDA improvements while reducing Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 30% compared to our 2005 baseline. Turning to Slide 12. The actions we've taken since spin to strengthen our balance sheet while improving our financial flexibility and operating cash flow generation are enabling us to be more resilient as we deliver on our capital allocation priorities across the economic cycle.  Our free cash flow performance is now more than tripled on a trailing 12-month basis. We substantially improved our liquidity position, ending the year with nearly $14 billion. And through our disciplined and balanced approach to capital allocation, we've significantly reduced our liability profile with a combined reduction of more than $11 billion in our net debt and underfunded pension position since spin. Closing on Slide 13, we have a clear playbook of actions to drive resilient performance in the near and long term. We have plans to achieve $1 billion in savings through targeted actions to increase efficiency and maintain a low-cost structure that is best in class. We're maintaining a strong financial position with a continued focus on disciplined and balanced capital allocation, and we're advancing our Decarbonize and Grow and circularity strategies, delivering incremental run rate EBITDA improvements through the end of the decade, positioning us for an economic recovery while lowering our carbon dioxide emissions. As we leverage our competitive advantages, operational agility and focus on cash flow generation that has served us well since spin, we will continue to deliver long-term value for our shareholders. With that, I'll turn it back to Pankaj to open up the Q&A.
Pankaj Gupta: Thank you, Jim. Now let's move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vincent Andrews: Good morning everyone. Wondering if you could just unpack the outlook for Performance Materials & Coatings a little bit. And it sounds like there's just a lot of moving parts right now with weak China in the fourth quarter but now reopening, some issues with new supply coming into the market. So obviously, uncertainty about how far and how fast China will reopen. But could you give us sort of the range of outcomes for how this segment might recover as we move through the year, representing that it could be a wide range?
Jim Fitterling: Sure. Good morning, Vince. Thanks for the question. First, I think it's important to look back at the fourth quarter on PM&C and understand the fourth quarter. Coatings and Performance Monomers kind of got back to the normal fourth quarter seasonality that we would see, which a year ago was very different because we were still recovering from all the supply disruptions from winter storm URI and everything else that was associated with that. So I think you'll see that they'll come back to a more normal season in 2023. And you also saw the impact of destocking. Destocking in the fourth quarter represented, and this is across the businesses, about 50% to 60% of the slowdown that we saw in the fourth quarter. So I think the destocking is going to work itself through in the first quarter. And then I think you'll see us get back to normal seasonality there.  I do think positively on China for coatings and performance monomers. I do think we're seeing China opening up. We're not seeing issues with people coming to work. So I think we're optimistic that the government will probably try to stimulate the construction economy there, and we'll start to see that take off through the year. On silicones and siloxanes, you had two impacts. One was the market impact of things slowing, which was the lower siloxane prices that hit hardest in China, obviously, at the end of the year. The other one was self-inflicted. We happen to have all three of the silicones pillar plants, the siloxanes pillar plant down at some point in the fourth quarter. And that lower operating rate really hurt us. They're, all 3 back up and running. So I think that issue is behind us.  So I would expect you'll start to see siloxanes demand pick back up. We saw destocking in all the downstream areas in silicones, personal care, home consumer goods, and we also saw it, obviously, in building and construction. I think that will start to rebound as the year progresses.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from David Begleiter of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. Jim and Howard, given the recent decline in European natural gas prices, how are you thinking about the competitiveness of the European operations going forward?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning David. Very good question. Obviously, the European situation has been tough on all the European producers over this past year. In fact, if you think about the year-over-year performance for Dow for the full year, 60% of the decline in EBIT was related to Europe and that energy situation.  So this is very targeted. Incrementally, we saw a step change in the fourth quarter, obviously driven by the warmer winter and the inventory levels being back up. And they've done an admirable job, especially in Germany, of switching away from Russian natural gas over to other sources.  So that has helped. But we still have to take a look at long-term energy policies and work with the governments, both EU and the member states on energy policies because we're a long way away from long-term competitiveness in Europe. I would say the decisions we announced today around restructuring, right now, we've looked at locations that are going to be challenged in any scenario long term, and we'll take actions on those.  But on large sites, like our large cracker sites, we're still able to run cash flow positive, and we're working hard on that energy situation. We'll continue to analyze that through this year and see what kind of work we can do with the governments there to make them more competitive long term.
Operator: The next question comes from Hassan Ahmed of Alembic Global. Please go ahead.
Hassan Ahmed: Good morning Jim and Howard. A nearer-term question around your guidance. First part of the question is, it seems you guys, as I look at segment level guidance, you're guiding to Q1 EBITDA of $1.2 billion. So, first part of that question is, is that correct? And then part and parcel with that question, it seems that there are 2 $0.05 a pound price hike announcement for polyethylene in the U.S. for January and February.  And then, obviously, we've seen these preceptors declines in natural gas prices in Europe. So, in this $1.2 billion EBITDA guidance that you guys have given for Q1, how much of those U.S. polyethylene price hikes have you factored in? And how should we think about factoring in for Q1, those declines in natural gas are good.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning Hassan. Good question. Obviously, the outlook -- I would go back to integrated margins and take a look at our outlook and our expectations for integrated margins in the quarter. We think both in the U.S. and in Europe, they'll be up about $0.04 on integrated polyethylene margins. I would say, yes, natural gas costs have come off. We see a fair amount of benefit in that, obviously, from PMC, which is a large energy user. And so that helps in a location like Stade. But we only really are cracking natural gas to any big degree in Terneuzen and some in Tarragona. So it has a little bit more limited effect there. Most of the rest of the economics are naphtha. I do think prices -- obviously, fourth quarter to first quarter, you've got to remember, we start the quarter with a lower base and then we build up from there. So you're going to have some of that lag effect that bakes into it. That's part of the guidance. And then we also are expecting a little bit of destocking to still continue into the quarter from a volume and operating rate perspective. So those are the big things that went into the guidance. Anything else you want to add, Howard?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. Thanks, Jim. And Hassan, thanks for the question. I would say you got the number right. I mean, it's around $1.2 million. At a high level, there's really 3 moving parts we expect Q1 on balance to look pretty much like Q4 with three discrete items. So as you know, our licensing business is lumpy. We had a large sale in the fourth quarter of $75 million that will not repeat in Q1. We're dealing with a third-party gas supplier in the Gulf Coast that's still having issues post winter storm Elliott that's impacting our DIS business, which is in our Industrial Intermediates segment. That's a $25 million sequential headwind. And then there's a $25 million sequential positive tailwind on lower turnaround expenses at the enterprise level. That's a $50 million tailwind in P&SP, but offset by a $25 million headwind in PM&C, which is the Deer Park asset.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from P.J. Juverkar of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
P.J Juvekar: Yes. Good morning. Jim, it seems like the European chemical capacity is now the high-cost marginal capacity instead of China and European capacity will be flexed with demand ups and downs. Would you agree with that statement? And then in polyethylene, as you mentioned, China reopening is positive. Assuming that do you expect somewhat of a snapback in polyethylene as a result? Or is it more of a gradual recovery in first half? Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Good morning P.J. Both good questions. I would say in Europe, I would think about it in two ways. First, I would think about the crackers. And I would say from a cracker economic standpoint, yes, on a naphtha basis, they have become incrementally the highest cost on the assets that are able to crack LPGs like Terneuzen and Tarragona and where utility costs are lower like in Spain. They probably are fairly competitive with that Asian situation.  So we haven't flexed as much up and down in Europe on the cracker operations. They've run at pretty steady rates throughout. We did flex up and down a bit when it got into our II&I business like polyols, polyurethanes, isocyanates in Europe, where the energy cost at STADA and Germany are much, much higher. And so what you would see there is we have some amount of that energy cost, that is very competitive and at a low rate, but then the increment is much higher. So we would run to that competitive rate. And I think that is what still continues to be in the front window and the thing that we have to address with the government. I would say on second part of the question, remind me.
Howard Ungerleider: China, China recovery.
Jim Fitterling: China. Yes. Look, I think it's going to be positive. We had growth in the fourth quarter in packaging, especially plastics and Industrial solutions. The places that were weakest for us were anything related to building and construction, so polyurethanes, construction chemicals, coatings and monomers, although that was fairly even quarter-over-quarter. And then Consumer Solutions because of the, as I mentioned, siloxane prices and also our asset being down there. For the year, we had growth in Packaging & Specialty Plastics, Consumer Solutions and Industrial Solutions, pretty good growth. And it was really construction businesses that were the most impacted. Construction is 25% of China's economy. It was off 40% last year. I'm certain that the government is going to try to stimulate that and get that going again. I don't know how fast it will happen.  As I mentioned, we're not seeing any big COVID spreads that are unmanageable right now. People are reporting into work, and I'm hearing this from other CEOs as well, people reporting into work, things are moving as expected. So I do expect we're going to see a little bit of positive move from China.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. Two-part question. Your local price in Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure was down 1%. Was that a combination of puts and takes, that is some chemicals were up and some chemicals were down? And can you talk about MDI pricing? And then secondly, for Howard, what kind of working capital benefits do you expect for 2023? Can you have a working capital inflow of $500 million or $1 billion? Can you size that?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning Jeff. Good questions. On II&I, we actually had higher prices in polyurethanes and construction chemicals and it was volume that was the offset there. And remember, that business has a fairly large footprint in Europe and the input costs are much higher there and so that was part of it. We also saw that Industrial Solutions pricing held up relatively well. And again, it was volume that slowed. So both of them had very resilient prices but saw some volume slowdown and a little bit of currency impact. I'll let you answer the second part of that, Howard.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. Thanks, Jeff. Look, let's start with the fourth quarter on working capital. That was actually a tailwind versus the prior quarter, so sequentially of $1 billion and more than $400 million versus the same quarter last year. I would say it really depends on what's going to happen with feedstock costs and revenue growth. We're certainly expecting some volume growth as we move through the year, especially with Jim's comments on China reopening. And overall, global GDP growth is still expected to be positive of around 1.5%, which should drive some industrial production and should drive some growth.  You know that since spin, we've been very focused on working capital. We're continuing to target a couple of days of structural working capital improvement. So I would say, at a bare minimum, we're looking at $200 million to $300 million of working capital improvement 2023 versus 2022. I'm very proud of the Dow team on their focus on cash flow. When you look at what we've been able to do since spin, we have actually improved our cash from ops every single year, 2019 through 2022. And last year was $7.5 billion of cash from ops and $400 million better overall than 2021.  And so one of the ways we do that is work on working capital. We're also working on other unique to Dow cash flow levers. I estimate that is around inclusive of that $200 million to $300 million working capital, we're focused on $1 billion of pulling on $1 billion of unique to Dow levers. Working capital is certainly one of them. The other one, as you saw in the fourth quarter, we successfully concluded 1 of the 2 big novo litigations that we have. We're hopeful that we can solve the second one or resolve the second one in calendar year 2023. That could be another up to as much as $0.5 billion of unique Dow cash that we expect. And then we've got a few other projects that are in the works to round out that $1 billion.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from John McNulty of BMO. Please go ahead.
John McNulty: Thanks for taking my question. So it seemed like the destocking was kind of at really accelerated levels in the fourth quarter. Can you give us a little bit of color as to which of the segments do you feel like you're largely through that? And if anything, you may be -- maybe we're even at a balance side or even a restock phase? And I guess tied to that, -- can you speak to the operating rates you saw in the fourth quarter and how you expect that to change as we look to 1Q?
Jim Fitterling: Sure. Good morning John. Good Question. I would say it accelerated in December. We made announcement in October that we were going to reduce some operating rates in ethylene, polyethylene because of some logistics constraints and other things that happen. We saw better logistics in December. December was our best export month of the year for marine pack cargo, so that's positive. But at the same time, manufacturing activity in the last half of December really slowed. And so you could see that in the order pattern. And that stayed relatively slow the first half of January.  I do think we're seeing manufacturing activity come back right now. We're seeing that in the order book. I would not say that we're at a restocking state yet. But I do think as the quarter progresses, we will get there because second and third quarter are typically our highest volume quarters. And there is not a lot of excess inventory anywhere in the change right now. So I do think it's coming, but it isn't here as we sit here right now today.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Mike Sison of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Michael Sison: Hey, good morning guys. What was the impact from the lower operating rates in the fourth quarter on EBITDA, meaning if you were at normal operating rates, what would that be? And then is that impact similar for the first quarter? And when do you think you can see your operating rates sort of improve back to normal rates in '23?
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Just to give you an idea, I would say, probably you saw because of destocking, you probably saw a 10% lower operating rate due to destocking. Rough numbers, Howard, where do you think, [indiscernible] million.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, I would say 10 percentage points. And that's -- I mean, when you think about every percentage point. Yes, look, I would say it this way, Mike. When you look at the sequential decline in probably two-thirds of that EBITDA drop was because of the destocking. And then the other balance was really the seasonal -- just a seasonal sequential decline because we're in more of a Northern Hemisphere business. And obviously, our coatings business typically is a seasonal low point in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Steve Byren of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Steve Byren: Yes, thank you. That 2,000-headcount reduction, how much of that is these assets in Europe that you're planning to shutter? Or can you highlight what operations, is this commercial or back-office headcount? And then just one other quick one. Your partnership with Mura, when that's at scale, you're using the pyrolysis oil as cracker feedstock, how would you expect the profitability of that versus naphtha or ethane-based feedstock?
Jim Fitterling: Sure. Good morning Steve, good questions. 2,000 headcount reduction is not all specific to Europe, although Europe is a big part of the earnings decline that's driving us to take these actions.  The site and asset decisions we've made so far are really smaller locations, smaller scale locations where we know they will be challenged through the year. We haven't released a list of those we're working through that with the European Works Councils, et cetera, but we will be doing that as we get toward the end of this quarter.  But -- the $1 billion is really made up of two buckets: $500 million is structural cost reductions. That's the headcount reductions, that's productivity and end-to-end process improvement. So we're really building off that digital work we've done, and that would work on improving processes and customer service and then the asset decisions. And then $500 million will just be reduced spending, turnaround spend, which Howard had mentioned, $300 million, leveraging our volume on lower purchased raw materials, logistics and utilities because we do see some supply/demand imbalances and the ability to do that and just tightening the belt to this environment.  So I would say I don't -- it's not a haircut 5% of the workforce. It will be targeted, and we target around asset decisions. It will be targeted around businesses that need to tighten. It will be targeted around -- it's not just Dow headcount. We will have contractor reductions as well at the sites. And so we'll look at it that way.  On Mura, on our transforming the waste target. Right now, when we talk to you at Investor Day in 2021, the premiums vary by technology. But they continue to be greater than about $1,000 a metric ton. And the supply demand -- the demand is out there right now, and it's in excess of the supply.  I think as the supply increases, there will be pressure on that, obviously. But there's a big imbalance right now between what the consumer brand owners want and what's available out there. So I do think you'll see margin expansion in that part of the segment. There will be some higher costs were doing that, but there will -- I think the premiums will more than cover that.
Operator: The next question comes from Kevin McCarthy of Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead. 
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, good morning. Jim, I'd welcome your thoughts on the supply side of polyethylene. We've seen spot prices start to percolate higher over the last 3 or 4 weeks. So I was wondering if you could comment on where you see downstream inventory levels among converters at this point? And also if I rewind to maybe September, we had a lot of purposeful throttling back of operating rates from Dow and others that dovetailed into winter storm Elliot in late December. I think at least one of your competitors has declared force majeure on a tornado of all things.  So if we look at that holistically, do you think there's enough supply disruption to kind of rebalance the polyethylene market and move higher from here?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Kevin. I think there has been enough, obviously, to give good momentum to these price increases in the first quarter. And so I think we will see the margins expand, as I mentioned earlier on one of the other questions.  From a supply side standpoint, it's also worth mentioning that I'm really proud of the team. After winter storm Uri, we took our playbook and we said, how do we -- if this happens again, how do we make sure that we don't have any production losses due to freeze? And we were able to navigate this freeze with winter storm Elliott, and we had no problems with polyethylene plants or crackers.  And right now, as we sit here, about 37% of the ethylene capacity in the Gulf Coast is still off-line. And so that's an advantage to us. And as Howard mentioned, the only issue we've had is with an industrial gas supplier at one of our sites in Louisiana for our Industrial Solutions business. That's been our only blip, and I don't think they did the same kind of work. I do think China, to P.J.'s question earlier, China is making an impact. We saw that in December. I think we're going to continue to see that in the first quarter. Inventories there are managed well. Inventories here, five consecutive months of reduction in the ACC inventory data inventory is 45 days. That's pretty standard inventory levels.  And I think everybody, not just converters, but consumers, brand owners, everybody in the value chain at the end of the year was watching inventories and managing cash into a slow end of the year. We had a pretty strong end of the year in 2021, and in 2022, we kind of reverted more to the normal slower end of the year dynamics.  We do have to keep an eye on capacity coming on. But I would say our outlook for the year is probably about the same amount of capacity off-line as last year. And so if demand kicks back up here and there's some restocking that happens, that will set us up well for second and third quarter.
Howard Ungerleider: I would also just add that another bright spot that we see as we head into 2023 is the improving situation marine pack cargo and the ability to export out of North America. I mean, I can't speak for our peers, but certainly, we certainly have ramped our capability. And so that really should not be a bottleneck at least for the first half of the year, and don't have the visibility in the second half, but certainly as we ramp through the balance of Q1 into Q2, we should see increased marine pack cargo exports out of the U.S. 
Operator: The next question comes from John Roberts of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Matthew Skowronski: Good morning. This is Matt Skowronski on for John. Two commodities that Dow participates in, siloxanes and MDI, have had competitor capacity come online recently. You called out weaker pricing in siloxanes in your guide for the first quarter. But can you just talk about how long you expect it to take for pricing these commodities to recover?
Jim Fitterling: Yes, good morning. And thank you for the question. I think we'll see a little bit of demand improvement. But siloxanes prices have fallen to their lowest levels in some time at the end of the year, and so we start the year at those levels. I don't think we're expecting any immediate improvement. The downstream demand still continues to be good. Building and construction will be the thing that I think will start to tip it to the positive. So if we see a good rebound in building and construction in China, that should start to pull things to the positive and lift things up.  North America has been fairly resilient. And North America and Europe are typically slightly higher than the Chinese prices, and that continues to be the same case today. So I -- that's my outlook on siloxanes on. On MDI, I would say the biggest difference between what's reported in the markets on MDI in our view, is just what you believe about the RTO timing of some of the Chinese competitions, new plants that are coming online. I think our view is that, that's going to be stretched out over a longer period of time.  Most of what's reported would have all that 4 world-scale MDI facilities coming on in 2023. I don't think that's our view of how that's going to happen. That would be more spread over the 2023 to 2025-time period. And so I think that will take some of that pressure off of MDI.  Downstream demand for MDI and for systems and the application that it goes into is really good so I don't feel worried about that. That's purely what your assumptions are about -- that our new demand coming -- or new supply coming online and the time frame
Operator: The next question comes from Christopher Parkinson of Mizuho. Please go ahead. 
Christopher Parkinson: Great. Thank you so much. You have a very helpful slide given all your growth expansions on Slide 10. And obviously, there's been a lot going on regarding the and the polyethylene side over the last few years. But when we all take a step back, just given all the volatility and the macro headwinds, how should investors now be thinking about normalized earnings that we're thinking about '24 when we're looking out to '25 or even perhaps especially in the context of potentially lower NGL prices. Just do you have any updated thoughts on that? Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: Good question, Chris. I would go back that this is the basis of obviously, the earnings corridor slide that we put together and we shared last year and at earnings day back in 2021. And so if you look at it, I think we look at the midrange of the kind of the through-the-cycle range as being what we target for the growth. And that's kind of how we report the growth. And then peak potential would be when you would see those scenarios like you mentioned with lower NGL prices and higher oil prices. Now like we got into with 2021 and the first half of 2022, that was kind of peak levels for plastics.  I do think the possibility exists that oil price is going to continue to be driving higher because we've had underinvestment in oil production, inventory is at the bottom of their five-year average. And if you started investing in oil production today, it would be three to five years before you would see any movement in that number. And I do think that any demand pull on that is going to start to move oil prices up, anything speculative that happens will move it up quickly because those inventory levels are so low.  Meanwhile, NGL production is continuing to grow at a pretty good clip. I think it's going to be up pretty substantially here in the United States this year. And so that keeps costs down on NGLs. And so that's positive. So Canada, U.S., Argentina, I feel good about the positions we have there. Obviously, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, we feel good about that. Our cracking into news and Spain. I think that's positive.  So you've seen the high watermark for plastics, delivered $8 billion of EBITDA which is right in line with what we've got here with peak potential, EBITDA range. And I think we're trying to get in other segments up to that peak potential as well. So I feel good about where we're going long term, and that's also one of the reasons we wanted to make the investment in Canada, if all the conditions are right, we want to make that investment to continue to leverage that position.  Hard to say what's going to happen with all that energy policy, plays a big part in it. I think the one thing that governments aren't correctly addressing is that all the things that we've passed for IRA, for new alternative technologies, that's all great. We're very supportive. It's a fantastic package. We also need some support for conventional oil and gas production because we are going to need a reliable power and natural gas is going to provide the low carbon reliable power for the foreseeable near future.
Howard Ungerleider: I would also just say that, I mean, when you think about that earnings corridor of 6% to 12% and then moving to the middle of the decade into the $7 billion to $13 billion range with all the CapEx and OpEx investments we're making, if you just want to look at the mathematical average, right now, that's about a $9 billion normalized through the cycle. And then by the middle of the decade, that should be in the $10 billion range by the middle of -- in terms of the mathematical average in a normalized view by the middle of the decade. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Frank Mitch of Fermium Research. Please go ahead. 
Frank Mitch: Thank you. And good morning. And Howard, thank you so much for giving us the mathematical average for 6% to 12% and 7% to 13%. I was having difficulty crunching that number.  I want to come back to the cost savings, the $1 billion. You mentioned that in the first quarter, you can take a charge of $550 million plus. And I was wondering how much of that is cash versus non-cash? And then also on that slide, you mentioned that you're going to be reducing turnaround spending in '23 versus '22. And I'm curious if you could order -- give us an order of magnitude there? And does that suggest perhaps that 2024 will see an above average spend on turnarounds? 
Jim Fitterling: Howard, do you want to take it?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, Frank, you're welcome. I just -- that really -- my answer on the previous question was really targeted, all The Nets and The Jets fans out there. I just want to let you know that, make sure that you can do that math. Just a joke. Look, the $1 billion as we look at the end of the year run rate exiting into 2024, that $1 billion should become about $1.4 billion. We haven't set the turnaround budget for 2024 yet, obviously. But I could imagine if we just revert to a normalized turnaround and that could be -- the turnarounds could be potentially $150 million or maybe $200 million higher in 2024 than 2023 if we do one more cracker turnaround. So that would be the order of magnitude that I would expect. But still improving -- overall, the cost improving versus 2023.
Frank Mitch: And how much was the cash charge on that?
Howard Ungerleider: Oh, the cash -- we expect the cash outlay over the course of 2023 and 2024 to be roughly $800 million to $1 billion, in that range, about half this year probably and then the balance the other half in 2024. 
Pankaj Gupta: I think that's all the time we have for today. For your reference, a copy of our transcript will be posted on Dow's website within approximately 48 hours. This concludes our call. Thanks, everyone, for your time this morning. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-20 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Dows Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand over to Pankaj Gupta, Investor Relations, Vice President.
Pankaj Gupta: Good morning. Thank you for joining Dows third quarter earnings call. This call is available via webcast, and we have prepared slides to supplement our comments today. They are posted on the Investor Relations section of Dows website and through the link to our webcast. I am Pankaj Gupta, Dow Investor Relations Vice President. And joining me today on the call are Jim Fitterling, Dows Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Howard Ungerleider, President and Chief Financial Officer. Please read the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the earnings news release and slides. During our call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations or predictions about the future. Because these statements are based on current assumptions and factors that involve risks and uncertainties, our actual performance and results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Dows Forms 10-Q and 10-K include detailed discussions of principal risks and uncertainties which may cause such differences. Unless otherwise specified, all financials, where applicable, exclude significant items. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures is contained in the Dow earnings release, in the slides that supplement our comments today, as well as on the Dow website. On Slide 2, you will see our agenda for the call. Jim will begin by reviewing our third quarter results and operating segment performance. Howard will then share our outlook and modeling guidance. And then to close, Jim will discuss how our actions and long term strategic priorities enable us to deliver value growth in a dynamic environment. Following that we will take you questions. Now let me turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Fitterling: Thank you, Pankaj. Beginning on Slide 3, in the third quarter, team Dow continued to proactively navigate higher energy costs and geopolitical uncertainties that are impacting consumer demand, particularly in Europe. As macroeconomic conditions began to erode in the quarter, we responded quickly by implementing a set of actions to prioritize resources toward higher return products, align production rates to supply chain and logistics constraints as well as demand and reduce operational costs across the enterprise. In addition, our advantage portfolio enabled us to capitalize on demand strength in higher value functional polymers in Packaging & Specialty Plastics, and performance silicones in Performance Materials & Coatings. Third quarter net sales were $14.1 billion, with sales declines of 5% year-over-year and 10% quarter-over-quarter. Local price increased 3% year-over-year with gains in Performance Materials & Coatings and Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure. Sequentially, price declined 6% and was down across all operating segments and regions. Volume was down 4% versus a year ago period as declines in Europe, the Middle East, Africa and India or EMEA more than offset volume growth in the U.S. and Canada and Asia Pacific. Sequentially, volume was down 3% led by EMEA. Continued strength of the U.S. dollar also impacted net sales by 4% year-over-year and 1% sequentially. Operating EBIT for the quarter was $1.2 billion. Our consistent focus on cash flow generation and working capital management in the quarter supported cash flow from operations of $1.9 billion or a conversion of 104% of EBITDA and free cash flow of $1.5 billion. We returned $1.3 billion to shareholders in the quarter, including $800 million in share repurchases and $493 million in dividends. And our balance sheet continues to have no substantive long-term debt maturities due until 2027. Turning to our operating segment performance on Slide 4. In the Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment, net sales were $7.3 billion, down 5% year-over-year as price gains and resilient demand in functional polymers were more than offset by lower polyethylene pricing. Sequentially, net sales were down 11%, also driven by lower polyethylene prices with reduced volumes as we decreased operating rates in response to continued global marine pack cargo logistics constraints and lower demand in EMEA. Operating EBIT for the segment was $785 million, compared to $2 billion in the year ago period and $1.4 billion in the prior quarter. These results were impacted primarily by higher raw material and energy costs and lower local prices. Moving to the Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure segment, net sales were $4.1 billion, down 9% from the year ago period with price gains in both businesses. Volume was down as strong demand for pharmaceutical, agricultural, and energy applications in Industrial Solutions were more than offset by declines in polyurethanes and construction chemicals due to inflationary pressures in EMEA, decreased consumer durable demand and the slowing housing market. Sequentially, net sales were down 7% and stable volumes primarily in mobility end-markets were more than offset by lower local price and currency. Operating EBIT for the segment was $167 million compared to $713 million in the year ago period and $426 million in the prior year. As lower EMEA demand and increased energy and raw material costs were partly offset by higher prices. Sequentially, operating EBIT margins declined by 560 basis points on lower price and higher energy costs. And in the Performance Materials & Coatings segment, we reported net sales of $2.7 billion, up 5% year-over-year, with price gains in both businesses and all regions. Volume was down as resilient demand in mobility and home care end-markets were more than offset by declines in building and construction. Sequentially, net sales were down 12%, driven primarily by lower demand and decreased local price for siloxanes due to supply additions in China as well as with planned maintenance turnaround activity. Operating EBIT for the segment was $302 million compared to $284 million in the year ago period as margins expanded by 20 basis points due to price gains for both silicones and coatings applications. Sequentially, operating EBIT declined $259 million driven by lower prices for siloxanes and increased raw material and energy costs. I will now turn it over to Howard to review our outlook and actions on Slide 5.
Howard Ungerleider: Thank you, Jim. Turning to Slide 5, in the fourth quarter, we expect to continue navigating high inflation, supply chain constraints and the impact of geopolitical tensions. In Europe, high energy and feed stock costs are driving record Eurozone inflation, reaching a new high of 10% in September. As a result, we see reduced industrial production and consumer spending. In China, COVID-19-related lockdowns continue to hinder economic activity with weaker than expected regional consumer spending and infrastructure investments. That said, were seeing continued strength in the mobility sector, with automotive sales up more than 25% in September year-over-year. In the U.S. healthy consumer spending and low unemployment rates have supported resilient underlying demand despite high inflation, with U.S. consumer confidence rising in September for the third consecutive month. Looking forward, were closely monitoring the impact of rising interest rates on demand. And in Latin America, we continue to see robust demand for flexible food packaging and consumer durables, as well as transportation and infrastructure end markets. To manage these evolving dynamics, we continue taking actions region by region and business by business. Throughout the third quarter, Dow implemented plans to reduce natural gas consumption at our sites in Europe by more than 15% due to high energy costs. In August, we also temporarily lowered our polyethylene nameplate capacity by 15% and have now implemented a cold furnace idling program at our crackers for fixed and energy cost savings. In parallel, we continue to prioritize higher margin functional polymers to capitalize on continued demand strength while working to ease logistics constraints along the U.S. Gulf Coast. Were also reducing operating rates and shifting production across polyurethane, siloxane and acrylic monomer assets in Europe to manage our costs and our inventory levels. And as we plan for next year, we have additional actions focused on production optimization, turnaround spending, and reductions in purchase services with the potential to deliver more than $1 billion in cost savings on a run rate basis. Turning to Slide 6, youll see our current expectations for the fourth quarter. In the Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment, we see stable demand for consumables and food packaging applications. We anticipate global energy markets to remain volatile in response to geopolitical dynamics as well as weather in the northern hemisphere and continue to expect lower consumer spending primarily in Europe. While lower turnaround costs will be a sequential tailwind, in total, we expect $150 million seasonal headwind for the segment versus the prior quarter. In the Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure segment, demand for energy applications, particularly in the U.S. and a seasonal increase in deicing fluid demand are expected to positively impact the quarter. Inflationary pressures however continue to impact consumer durables and building a construction demand particularly in Europe. We also expect continued pressure on propylene oxide and MEG margins due to increased supply from producers in Asia. After completing major plan maintenance activity in the prior quarter on a net basis, we expect similar dynamics with a typical seasonality on a sequential basis. In the Performance Materials & Coatings segment, demand for personal care and mobility applications remain stable as consumers move toward holiday season buying patterns. However, we also anticipate a seasonal decline in demand for coating applications. Lower spending on planned maintenance activity will partially offset margin pressure from supply of both siloxane and acrylic monomers from Asia particularly to Europe. All in, we anticipate a $250 million headwind for the segment. So in total, for the fourth quarter, we expect a $400 million net EBITDA headwind compared to the third quarter. We have also provided updates to the full year modeling inputs in the appendix of the presentation. Equity earnings have been revised to align with the current market conditions and the weaker margins in Asia. Weve lowered full year CapEx from $2.1 billion to $1.9 billion, and the full year tax rate is now expected to be slightly higher than our prior guidance due to the geographic mix and lower equity earnings. This upward pressure and the full year rate is also expected to increase the fourth quarter tax rate to account for the typical year-to-date true up. With that, Ill turn it back to Jim.
Jim Fitterling: Thank you, Howard. Turning to Slide 7. As a result of our actions over the last several years, weve created a streamlined portfolio with unique levers to manage through the current macro backdrop. We have global scale and leading positions across the diverse set of attractive market verticals, geographies, and value chains. This gives us significant flexibility to quickly respond to evolving demand trends and capture demand better than our peers. 65% of our production capacity is in the cost advantage in Americas, and we have 2 to 3 times more LPG flexibility in Europe versus our peers. Our advantaged cost position and unmatched feedstock and derivative flexibility enables us to optimize our margins and our commitment to operational and financial discipline underpinned by a culture of benchmarking and a best owner mindset have resulted in a low cost operating model and strong cash conversion. These advantages have served us well since spin, providing a solid financial foundation that supports long-term value creation despite the current unprecedented events impacting the market. Importantly, our early cycle growth investments and our efficiency programs are enabling us to raise our underlying mid-cycle earnings above pre-pandemic levels. Weve nearly tripled our three-year trailing cumulative free cash flow since spin across a variety of macro environments, and well continue to execute on levers to drive even higher cash flow, including working capital improvements, joint venture dividends and cash interest savings. And our balance sheet is now the strongest its been in my more than 35 years with the company creating a solid financial position that offers significant flexibility. The combination of robust cash flow generation and a strong credit profile enables us to deploy capital in a disciplined and balanced manner as we advance our decarbonize and grow strategy, while also consistently returning cash to our shareholders through the economic cycle. Moving to Slide 8. In 2022, we expect to deliver an incremental underlying EBITDA run rate of approximately $300 million to $400 million, comprised of $300 million from growth initiative across our operating segments, as well as $50 million to $100 million from efficiency levers. We have two Alkoxylation investments coming online this year to serve high value home care and pharma end markets. Our 60 kiloton project in the United States started up in the third quarter, and our 34 kiloton project in Spain is on track to start up in the fourth quarter. Our 150 kiloton FCDh pilot plant in Louisiana is also on track to start up in the fourth quarter. And year-to-date, we have completed 13 downstream silicones debottlenecking projects. Longer-term, we remain on track to grow underlying EBITDA by greater than $3 billion by 2030 while reducing our carbon emissions by 30% versus our 2005 baseline. Our suite of higher return, lower risk, and faster payback investments will deliver $2 billion in additional run rate EBITDA, while we also reduce our carbon emissions by approximately 2 million metric tons by the middle of this decade. These investments target higher value applications that enable us to capitalize on increasing demand for more sustainable and circular solutions. Let me highlight a couple of examples. Our ENGAGE Elastomers increase the lifetime of solar panels and enable over 50 gigawatts of solar power generation around the world. And we recently launched SiLASTIC, the worlds first silicone-based self-sealing tire solution that can be easily recycled, which is being commercialized in upcoming Bridgestone tires under the technology name B-SEALS. We also remain on track to reach preliminary investment decision by year end for our Path2Zero project in Alberta to build the worlds first zero carbon emissions, ethylene and derivatives cracker complex, which will grow our global polyethylene supply by 15%, while the carbonizing 20% of our global ethylene capacity. This project will generate an additional $1 billion of underlying EBITDA by 2030. As we deliver on our growth strategy, we remain committed to the discipline and balanced approach to capital allocation that has served us well since spin. Our first priority is to maintain safe and reliable operations. We continue to advance our growth investments with CapEx at or below D&A and drive return on invested capital greater than 13% across the economic cycle. With adjusted debt-to-EBITDA inside our long-term target range of 2 to 2.5 times, we have the financial flexibility to deploy cash to maximize long-term shareholder value creation, and were targeting to return 65% of our operating net income to shareholders. Since spin, weve exceeded this target returning an average of 78%. Turning to Slide 9, despite near-term macroeconomic challenges, innovating circular and sustainable solutions remains a key aspect of our long-term decarbonize and grow strategy. We see increasing demand for these products, which represent a significant growth opportunity for Dow with attractive pricing that will support longer-term higher quality earnings. We have continued to accelerate our actions to capitalize on this opportunity and create a circular economy. And we recently announced a new commitment to commercialize 3 million metric tons of circular and renewable plastic solutions annually by 2030. This new goal expands our sustainability targets and our focus on advancing a circular plastics business platform to meet our customers increasing demands for more sustainable and circular products as evidenced in the recent letter published by the Consumer Goods Forum, citing demand for advanced recycled plastic material. To achieve this goal, we will exceed our original target to enable 1 million metric tons of plastic waste to be collected, used, reused or recycled, and were well on our way as we scale a robust pipeline of more than 20 strategic collaborations to enable recycling infrastructure to partner across the value chain to bring hard to recycle waste into the circular economy and to help communities address waste management and recycling gaps. This includes our most recent and significant commitment to-date to scale advanced recycling with Mura Technology, which positions Dow to be the largest consumer of recycled plastic feed stock for polyethylene globally. These collaborations are a unique advantage as demand for circular solutions continues to grow. When you consider together this circular and renewable sales target along with the additional capacity from our Alberta Project, in 2030, our combined circular, renewable and zero carbon emissions capacity will comprise greater than 50% of our global polyethylene capacity. Ill close on Slide 10. Our strategic priorities remain unchanged. We will continue to operate with agility as we navigate the current market dynamics as evidenced by our recent actions to balance production while ensuring we remain well positioned to capture demand as market conditions improve. At the same time, we remain focused on executing our long-term growth strategy, expanding our competitive advantages and delivering on our financial priorities to position the company for long-term success. With that, Ill turn it back to Pankaj to open up the Q&A.
Pankaj Gupta: Thank you, Jim. Now lets move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will take the first question from P.J. Juvekar from Citi. Please go ahead.
P.J. Juvekar: Yes, good morning, Jim and Howard. With the IRA and CCS credit going to $85 per ton, are there any projects in CCS that you could deploy at your existing plants that come into the money now that werent there before? And then secondly, on Europe, would you accelerate - incrementally would you accelerate CapEx in the U.S. given the situation Europe is in? And then if Europe is not producing much chemicals, how does that impact in your mind sort of the downstream automotive building and construction businesses in Europe? Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, P.J. Two really good questions. I think when we look at the IRA, which has a lot of good elements in it for our sustainability agenda both hydrogen and CCS as well as advanced nuclear. The challenge right now is where do you have the availability of the existing pipeline infrastructure to get carbon off of an existing asset into a CCS category. Thats why we put the project in Terneuzen and the project in Alberta first, because we have existing capacity there. And I should say in Terneuzen not yet, but Terneuzen has got a plan in place to get it in place. This is going to help us get some infrastructure in place in the U.S. Gulf Coast, so will make that possible. And as that becomes available, well look at accelerating deployment here in the U.S. Gulf Coast. And I would say $85 a ton, we think long-term, those numbers are probably going more towards a $100 a ton or higher. And that should really help accelerate hydrogen and CCS. On CapEx in the U.S. and the future of chemicals in Europe, third quarter, the two big challenges we had were  the biggest was primarily electricity-related, and third quarter you saw European electricity cost go as high as 400 of megawatt hour, theyve come off a little bit now because natural gas has come off. About half of our footprint in Europe has advantaged electricity. So we did in the quarter was bring down rates to the advantaged positions or kind of run and break even in Europe and obviously load other assets with that demand. I think in the short-term, youre seeing more product flow into Europe from the Middle East and some right now from China. I think longer term were working with the governments through energy policy changes that are going to help. One of the reasons we announced the project in STADA one of the five floating regas units thatll be put in Germany to really help Germany diversify away from just solely Russian gas. I think the European question, long-term will be in front of us through next year, but in the short-term, weve got a good game plan to navigate the winter and to navigate next year, and thats why we announce the billion dollars worth of cost reductions for 2023.
Operator: We will now take the next question from Hassan Ahmed from Alembic Global Advisors. Please go ahead.
Hassan Ahmed: Good morning, Jim and Howard. Just trying to reconcile the Q4 guidance you guys have given, it seems to me youre guiding to an EBITDA of roughly $1.45 billion. If that is the case, Im just trying to sort of understand what sort of polyethylene pricing youre baking into that guidance. Because it just seems that theres some price hikes on the table, some consultants are out there sort of doubting some of those price hikes going through, so if you could provide any color around that?
Jim Fitterling: Thank you, Hassan. Good question. Obviously, we saw pricing in polyethylene through the third quarter decline. It started to stabilize the beginning of the fourth quarter. Most of whats in that, fourth quarter outlook is more stable pricing in polyethylene, but you get the dollar averaging that happens through the quarter, so we start the lower pricing and it carries through the quarter. Inventories came down on the Gulf Coast, stepped down from the high levels that they were in the third quarter, and so thats helping and weve seen some better Marine Packed Cargo logistics. We had good volumes out in the third quarter. We could have done more. And so were continuing to try to work on the logistics constraints. And so most of whats in there is dollar averaging, more stabilized pricing, and then a little bit of tailwind because we have lower turnaround costs into the fourth quarter for polyethylene. The other thing I would mention is that input costs are starting to look more favorable. Weve started to see a little bit of improvement in the ethylene chain. Oil is obviously  oil inventories continue to be low and natural gas production continues to be higher. And so thats positive skewed, Id say the estimate skew to the upside if oil and gas continue on these trends.
Operator: We will now take the next question from Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. Two questions. Can you talk about MDI prices and volumes sequentially and your general expectations? And secondly, in Performance Materials, there seems to be a fair amount of pressure in siloxane prices. Are we entering some kind of cyclical downturn in that business? And so what we should expect is a relatively level of earnings from the fourth quarter going forward.
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Good morning, Jeff. Thank you for the question. On MDI in Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure, the supply demand balances through the middle part of the decade look good on MDI, where weve seen market weaknesses in consumer durables, mobility is held up pretty well. Electric vehicles are really probably the shining star on growth in that space. But its housing and construction where weve seen the biggest weakness. And then of course, appliances closely related to that. I would also say, what you see in the numbers and what you see in the guide, remember that we have quite a bit of footprint in Europe, and so with the energy situation there that just really compresses the margins there. I think its less pricing and less that issue than it is the input cost issue. So thats why we brought rates down to low levels in Europe. China also seeing housing and construction slow. And so I think well see what happens after we come out of this party Congress and whether we see a change in COVID restrictions that might signal that 2023 would be better. In siloxanes capacity has come on in China and thats really whats brought the prices down. And were really back to the kind of the long-term mid-cycle average prices for siloxanes in the marketplace, and yes, we expect that will continue into 2023. And so I think its more, the timing of the supply coming on thats put that pressure on.
Operator: We will now take the next question from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning, Jim and Howard. Howard, just on modeling guidance. Does the $400 million of sequential EBIT headwinds fully capture the seasonality in Q4 and is any benefit in the guidance from the $1 billion of cost savings you highlight today as well? Thank you.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, good morning, David. So yes, look at an enterprise level, the short answer to your question is it does. So the $400 million net of really EBITDA decline, I would call, half of that is enterprise level seasonality or typical Q3 to Q4 seasonality, and the other half is the averaging effect of the margin decline that we saw through the third quarter. And then youve got two pieces that are kind of offsetting each other. The higher  the more favorable turnarounds or the lower turnarounds that Jim mentioned that are getting offset by some currency headwinds that were seeing sequentially. Embedded in that are some of those interventions that, we listed in the slide thats in the earnings deck. So, we are already and have been intervening since the beginning of the third quarter. So, were going to see that continue through the fourth quarter and then obviously in a bigger way next year.
Operator: We will now take the next question from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you, and good morning everyone. Just wondering if you can talk a little bit more about sort of the delta between what you think underlying demand is versus maybe some destocking thats going on just given all the macro uncertainty out there. And part of what Im getting at is, youve obviously made some seasonality assumptions sequentially from 3Q to 4Q and just trying to understand, how much of what weve seen already in terms of weak demand might have been a pull forward of what we might have previously thought could have happened more traditionally in November and December. So just sort of any comments you have helping us bridge, sort of the weak volume with destocking versus underlying demand would be helpful.
Jim Fitterling: Thats a good question, Vince. Obviously the retail sector saw a lot of higher inventories and pulled back. I would say in automotive things are still restricted primarily by those supply chains of all the different various parts coming together so the auto companies can make their deliveries. That probably shows up more on internal combustion engine vehicles, somewhat on EVs, but EV growth in the U.S. and EV growth in China have been really, really strong. So, I think thats going to continue to be good. Our outlook for automotive next year is 86 million light vehicles up from 80 million projection this year I think thats good. Packaging, I dont think we saw a lot of destocking in packaging in the market. I would say, we saw adjustment to lower operating rates because of the slowdown of demand in EMEA. EMEA being off 12% was a significant slowdown. Consumer pressures in EMEA are much stronger than even the consumer pressures here, and theyre significant. The durable goods and the consumer electronics is a tough one to call. Theyre pretty tightly connected to housing. China housing is down 38%. Their housing starts are down 38% year-over-year. So thats a pretty low level. Id say theres opportunity for upside going into next year. The U.S. has slowed down, but were still working off of finishes of houses that are under construction. And so I think the general consensus is demand is a little bit slower for 2023 on housing here. The other bright spot is infrastructure, and so for those businesses that are tied to infrastructure we still see very good infrastructure spending.
Operator: We will now take the next question from Michael Sison from Wells Fargo.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is Richard on for Mike. Just wanted some color on the $1 billion in cost savings for 2023. Is any part of this embedded in the $3 billion to $3.9 billion that youre targeting to increase sort of the  your earnings range through the cycle? And also is that  does that also include the temporary 15% reductions in polyethylene and maybe additional reductions in capacity, potentially in maybe II&I.
Jim Fitterling: Yes, thats a good question, Richard. So, our target is to come up with more than a $billion in cost saves. I would break it down into a few different buckets for you. One is, what we can do with optimizing our mix, so flexing the assets across geographies and product and application mix tax when improve margins. The second would be what you talked about in terms of plant idlings were shutdowns. Right now we dont have anything lined up for shutdowns, but we obviously reduce rates for higher cost plants, and well continue to do that, especially in Europe while energy costs remain as high as they are. And then were working on always things to drive operational excellence. And the other big moving part next year is, were going to reduce turnaround spending. Were starting to see commodities come down and input costs come down and some relief on freight and logistics costs. So, weve got a big effort on purchased materials and freight and logistics to get costs down and also on purchased services including contract labor. And then weve been implementing digital and acceleration of finishing those projects delivers bottom line margins and productivity to us. So those are really the five big buckets that were working on. The target here, if you looked at the earnings corridor that we published back in Investor Day, our 2023 lower end of that corridor is about $7.2 billion. So our efforts here are really driven to protect that earnings corridor that we put out there. A lot of the path to zero project growth in that earnings corridor the Alberta project, which is a $1billion of underlying EBITDA growth, starts in 2027. That project will come on in two phases between 2027 and 2030, but the other $2 billion comes on through the years as we bring on these smaller, higher return, lower risk projects.
Operator: We will now take the next question from Kevin McCarthy from Vertical Research Partners.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning, this is Cory in for Kevin. Turning back to a question on the outlook. You had mentioned, benefits in the ethylene chain. What are you baking to your 4Q outlook as it relates to ethane costs? And what is your view in light of todays natural gas market backdrop? And then for the cold furnace idling program, can you talk through or quantify what impact you expect it to have on fixed cost absorption at your reduced plants? Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: Right. Thats a good question on ethane. I mentioned natural gas earlier. So gas production continues to be high, more than half a million barrels a day of ethane in rejection that has really brought the frac spreads down. And so weve seen frac spreads come back down to about $0.33 a million Btu, so off of some of the highs that we saw in first, second quarter. And I think our projection is its going to continue to be that way. Natural gas productions and 100 Bcf a day right now. And the outlook for next year is 110 Bcf a day. There will be plenty of ethane available. So, I think our feeling is, we expect through winter, $0.40 to $0.60 a gallon on depending on what happens with winter gas demand. Thats really where it was, $0.35 to $0.65 in third quarter, and I think next year were going to see continued availability and lower pricing on ethane. And in terms of the cold furnace idling, I dont have a good number for you to estimate what that is. Essentially, the practice historically wouldve been to keep those assets on hot standby and ready to go, but with the slower demand, theres no need to do that. And with these higher gas costs, taking them cold and then warming them back up is not going to penalize this in the marketplace.
Operator: We will now take the next question from Steve Byrne from BOA.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. Its Matthew on for Steve. Can we talk about the trending functional polymers a bit? I think price was up year-over-year, but sounds like maybe down sequentially. Did margins in that business improve quarter-over-quarter with base commodities deflating? And when we look at 4Q, does that performance catch up on the downside or do you still think things should hold in pretty well?
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Thank you. Good question. Prices typically are pretty resilient through the cycle in, in that space. We saw prices flat really from quarter-to-quarter, and so that margin declined a little bit because of the higher energy in raw material costs. But the demand continues to be good. Demand in, in areas like commercial construction, which is, is holding up relatively well mixed use both residential and commercial buildings are holding up pretty strong around the world and that takes a fair amount of material. Obviously products into automotive are holding up pretty well, and then energy, energy infrastructure takes a lot from the wire and cable business and that continues to hold up well. So I think what youll see is, they can  the margins can ebb and flow a little bit but the volumes and the price trends are very strong.
Operator: We will take the next question from John Roberts from Credit Suisse.
Matt Skowronski: Good morning, Jim and Howard. This is Matt Skowronski on for John. Some of the consultants have reported that polyethylene storage levels are very high in North America. Would you consider taking operating rates lower than the 15% reduction youve already taken if demand weakens further and then sitting here today, do you think its possible that further reductions in production will need to happen either through the end of this year or early 2023?
Jim Fitterling: Thanks for the question. I think the storage levels primarily at the ports are waiting for ships to arrive to get the product out. A lot of that product is packaged for the export market, so it isnt that that product is going to magically turn around into the North American market. And with what we see with demand growth in the North American market, I dont see a reason to reduce operating rates any further. Id also say Latin American businesses holding up relatively well. So that gives us some opportunity as well. I think its going to be worked out as we get better ship arrival times and better loading. I think youre going to see those numbers deplete pretty quickly.
Howard Ungerleider: I would just also add the latest ACC data says that inventory levels actually decreased by 7% or about four days month-on-month. So I mean, I think you still see fundamental demand in the United States and Canada hanging in there.
Operator: We will now take the next question from Christopher Parkinson from Mizuho.
Christopher Parkinson: Hi, good morning. I was just wondering if you can parse out a little bit, what end markets and regions, you saw the biggest shift in demand versus kind of your original expectations in the second quarter and how those areas are trending into the fourth quarter. Now, is there any area where youre more optimistic or more concerned as we head into the end of the year in 2023? Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Good question, Chris. So areas of strength are industrial electronics and think about telecom, 5G infrastructure, data centers and that continues to be pretty good. There can be some supply chain constraints there, but theyre pretty strong. In industrial solutions we make intermediates and incipients for the pharma industry. That demand has been strong; were looking at greater than 7% compound average growth rates through 2026. And so thats  I think thats going to continue industrial solutions in general, as I would say has good growth trends and silicones, downstream silicones in general have good growth trends. Automotives were seeing some supply constraints easing and even those sales this year; deliveries this year are flat year-over-year really robust EV growth especially in China. If you look at China, EVs are up 90% year-over-year and automotive in China is up 25% year-over-year; I think thats a bright spot. We expect to continue EVs in the United States also strong, and I expect that to continue. Thats good for us because two to three times more silicone materials in the EVs and similar amount of materials that we would have in an internal combustion engine for things like controlling noise, vibration and harshness. Infrastructures going to continue to be strong. Theres stimulus packages out there, many governments around the world and that tends to pull a lot in functional polymers, which we just talked about. It will pull some polyurethanes and construction materials that will pull some in coatings in that infrastructure space and some into our industrial solutions. In plastics it tends to pull in things like water pipelines, natural gas pipelines, I think well continue to see that grow. Steady markets, I would say would be oil and gas. Were starting to see an uptick in oil and gas production that pools a means from our industrial solutions business. Personal care has been very resilient. Cosmetics have come back after a soft second quarter in China and packaging for food. And so the issues in packaging are really more, not demand, but really more the higher energy cost and slowing economic activity in Europe. And then places where I mentioned before a week are related to housing and big ticket items, so appliances, food and beverage activities like furniture and bedding, I mean, not food and beverage, appliances and furniture and bedding slowed down third quarter and into fourth quarter. And then consumer electronics slowed down as well, large TVs, large home PCs and electronic devices. Residential softening here in the U.S., Europe, also in China but commercial construction has been relatively good; mixed residential and commercial buildings especially in big cities. I think next year, India, U.S., Canada, Latin America will be bright spots. Well still have to manage through Europe and the situation with Russia/Ukraine having the biggest impact there. And then China we had our  we had our best quarter in China. We were up 13% quarter-over-quarter and 7% year-over-year in volume and could have been better with the ability to get more plastics out of the Gulf Coast. So I think theres been a lot of concern about what theyve reported or not reported, but our view is that demand has been good.
Operator: We will now take the next question from Josh Spector from UBS.
Josh Spector: Yes. Hi, good morning. So I was curious if there is a way to think about the costs you guys are absorbing in Europe from higher energy. So we think about 3Q and 4Q expectations versus the level of 2Q. Is there any way to quantify how much you feel like youve had to absorb and not be able to kind of shift away from flexing your production or through pricing or other means? So if pricing or energy prices were to move down would demand environment remains similar? How would you think that would play out? Thanks.
Jim Fitterling: Simple answer two-thirds of the total EBITDA decline in third quarter whether it was versus previous quarter or last year was in EMEAI, and thats the impact of high inflation, elevated energy costs on our raw materials and then what that high inflation has done to consumer demand in EMEAI. Volume was down 12% in the quarter in EMEAI.
Operator: We will now take the next question from Arun Viswanathan from RBC Capital Markets.
Arun Viswanathan: Great, thanks for taking my question. Good morning. So my question is around North America and potential, your outlook there. I know Europe was responsible for two-thirds of the weakness in Q3 and its likely been the case for a little while now. Are you at all concerned of a weakness that could emerge in North America? Is North America just a little bit behind Europe and China and the weakness that youre seeing there? I mean, I guess youre not seeing China weakness, but, but on Europe? And what are some of the factors that would differentiate and keep North America a little bit more resilient? Maybe you can touch on inventories or supply demand or anything else. Thanks.
Jim Fitterling: Well, the cost position that we have in the Americas is very advantaged and so I think thats the most important thing to keep in mind. The consumer demand has been strong especially consumer non-durables, consumer discretionary has been good. I would say big ticket items, like I mentioned have already slowed this year. So if anything, theres a chance for upside next year. I think that same is true on automotive, automotives really been supply constrained. And so we get through some of that. Well start to see that move up. Were starting to see and here, Im not talking just about Dows business, but were starting to see prices come down in bulk commodities. It takes those prices a while to work through the fabrication shops and get themselves into the price of a product that a consumer would buy in the store. So those prices have come down through the year, and I think youll start to see those show up in the consumer markets next year and that may actually help things improve. European energy situation is totally different than the United States. And right now were trying to work through how we can help the governments get to a better energy policy that will help them out. I think thatll be the biggest improvement globally thatll help the economy move.
Operator: We will now take the next question from Aleksey Yefremov from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is Paul on for Aleksey. As we approach winter, how are you guys managing the cost front in both the U.S. and Europe, and do you see the potential for any idling of assets in Europe maybe not your assets but just probably in the industry? Thanks.
Jim Fitterling: Yes, I think we have seen in energy intensive industries in Europe like steel and aluminum already idling of assets a lot. Maybe not complete closure, some energy intensive industries, complete closure may jeopardize the long-term, probability of starting them back up. But lot of pressure on smaller producers in Europe, especially having some scale matters and having good advantage cost positions matters. About half of our energy footprint in Europe is advantaged. And so weve dialed back to those rates to take advantage of that cost layer, and then weve loaded that demand onto other locations that are more cost advantage. Well continue to do that. I think the other answer to shutdowns is going to be whether we see a way through the energy policy situation. The longer we stay in this situation, the longer the Russia/Ukraine situation lasts; itll put more pressure on the industry to take a look at rationalizing. And theyve already got a lot of pressures there. They need government help more than anything.
Operator: We will take the next question from Laurence Alexander from Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander: Good morning. So can you describe how youre thinking about CapEx flexibility over the next couple of years given the, were given the credit cycle in prior cycles, Dows tended more to look at retrenching, but as you look at the investments required for the circular economy initiatives, could you pull forward or be opportunistic in expanding sort of what you do in that value chain as other people retrench?
Jim Fitterling: Good question, Laurence and obviously were trying to have the financial flexibility to keep moving on those projects because I dont think long-term any of those trends are going to change. We see the consumer demand throughout the year in spite of whats going on in the global macro economy. Consumer has come back to us consistently wanting more and more, more of both mechanical recycled, advanced recycle products and products made with bio-based ingredients, more renewable products and thats what were investing in. Some of its our capital, some of it is joint capital together with partners, like I mentioned with Mura Technologies. We have about 20 projects in plastics today. We had a 1 million metric ton target and we have good line of sight to be able to deliver the 1 million and we just increased it to 3 million metric tons of circular and renewable solutions by 2030, mainly because of those brand owners who are telling us the demand is there for those products. And so we will keep those projects moving forward. We will keep our decarbonization and Path2Zero projects moving forward. Obviously were going to be disciplined about it. Most of the monies that we spend on Path2Zero right now are engineering dollars, and we will not pull the trigger and start those projects until we see the bulk contracts for steel and fabricated products and long lead time items in the right range. And when we see that well be ready to go. And I think in this next wave, well have first mover advantage with the Canadian project, just like we did with the U.S. Gulf Project that started up in 2017.
Operator: We will now take the next question from Jaideep Pandya from On Field Research.
Jaideep Pandya: The first is on the siloxane value chain, could you just tell us what is the current cost differential between Europe versus the U.S. and China on a lended cost basis, if you include the energy cost? And given that significant supplies coming in China in the next 12 to 18 months, especially in Xinjiang and Yunnan what do you expect for siloxane utilization outside of China? Thats my first question. And the second question really is around the ethylene oxide MEG chain. This chain has done extremely well for not just yourselves, but a lot of your peers as well. And again, we are starting to see as freight rates normalize product come out of China. So what do you expect the EO chain in 2023 and 2024? Do you expect a normalization or do you think that demand is going to continue to be good? Thanks a lot.
Jim Fitterling: The siloxane prices that are available there in China become available in all the regions around the world already. So I think its already at that spot. Silicone metals market prices are down a bit mainly just because demand and some higher volume applications are down, higher volume applications related to building construction. But that I think is going to steadily improve. I would expect it to be in these levels in 2023. And then as we see, inflation coming down, which I do believe it will, I think youll see the demands start to pick back up again and things will tighten back up. Lets put more pressure on Europe, I would say than North America. And thats why we took some slower rates in our UK facility. On EO demand was that the second half of the question?
Jaideep Pandya: EO and MEG?
Jim Fitterling: EO and MEG. MEG is the weak spot in EO. If you look at our industrial solutions strategy, it is to keep investing in high value EO applications. And so all the alkoxylate investments that you see, investments in our oil and gas franchise for means those are continuing to do very, very well. And were going to continue investing there to try to increase the amount of business that goes to those higher value applications for purified EO and away from MEG. MEG prices were actually at a low spot in the third quarter and had improved a little bit since because of falling inventories. I think a big part is going to be dependent on higher China activity after they stopped the zero COVID lockdowns.
Pankaj Gupta: Yes. Thanks everyone for joining our call. I think thats all the time we have for today. We appreciate your interest in Dow. For your reference a copy of our transcript will be posted on Dows website within approximately 24-hours. This concludes our call. Thanks once again.
Operator: Thank you. That will conclude todays conference call. Thank you for your participation. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-21 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Dow's 2Q 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. Also today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Pankaj Gupta, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Pankaj Gupta: Good morning. Thank you for joining Dow's second quarter earnings call. This call is available via webcast, and we have prepared slides to supplement our comments today. They are posted on the Investor Relations section of Dow's website and through the link to our webcast. I am Pankaj Gupta, Dow Investor Relations Vice President, and joining me today on the call are Jim Fitterling, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Howard Ungerleider, President and Chief Financial Officer. Please read the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the earnings news release and slides. During our call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations or predictions about the future. Because these statements are based on current assumptions and factors that involve risks and uncertainties, our actual performance and results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Dow's Forms 10-Q and 10-K include detailed discussions of principal risks and uncertainties which may cause such differences. Unless otherwise specified, all financials, where applicable, exclude significant items. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures is contained in the Dow earnings release, in the slides that supplement our comments today as well as on the Dow website. On Slide 2, you will see our agenda for the call. Jim will begin by reviewing our second quarter results and operating segment performance. Howard will then share our outlook and modeling guidance. And then to close, Jim will discuss how we continue to advance our Decarbonize & Grow strategy to deliver value growth. Following that, we will your questions. Now let me turn the call over to Jim.
James Fitterling: Thank you, Pankaj. Beginning with Slide 3. In the second quarter team Dow delivered top line growth both year-over-year and sequentially. These results reflect the strength of our diverse global portfolio, our focus on execution and our proactive pricing actions. As such, our team was able to navigate dynamic market conditions, the impacts of pandemic lockdowns in China, continued logistics constraints, and higher energy and raw material costs. Sales increased 13% year-over-year with gains in all operating segments and regions. Sequentially, sales were up 3% with gains in all regions except Asia Pacific. Local price increased in all operating segments, businesses and regions, up 16% compared to the prior year period, and up 6% sequentially, with gains in all operating segments and regions. Volume was consistent with the prior year as growth in packaging and specialty plastics was primarily offset by declines in industrial intermediates and infrastructure. Sequentially, volume declined 2% primarily due to lower demand in Europe and China in the quarter. With a low cost position and industry-leading feedstock and derivative flexibility, we generated cash flow from operations of $1.9 billion and free cash flow of $1.4 billion. Our disciplined and balanced approach to capital allocation enabled us to further strengthen our balance sheet. We redeemed $750 million of outstanding notes in the quarter, lowering our annual interest expense by $27 million. As a result, we have no substantial long-term debt maturities due until 2027. We also returned more than $1.3 billion to shareholders in the quarter, including $800 million in share repurchases and $505 million through our industry leading dividend. Furthering our commitment to transparency and accountability, this quarter we also published our annual integrated ESG report intersections. The report highlights our ESG leadership advancements and aligns our data and disclosures with key ESG frameworks. Notably, this year's report features convenient access to data, as well as enhanced disclosures and carbon emission reporting for Scope 1 and 2, intensity metrics and full TCFD implementation. Key highlights from the report include executing our plan to decarbonize and grow, accelerating sustainability investments to enable design for recyclability and more circular plastics, taking deliberate actions to drive inclusion, diversity and equity, and improving governance, transparency and accountability. Dow's report is one of few in our industry to receive limited assurance against formal standards by its external audit firm. And with our latest report, we added our Scope 1 and 2 emissions reporting in accordance with greenhouse gas protocol reporting to the assurance review. We're proud of our progress. And if you haven't already accessed the report, we welcome you to do so through the link included in this presentation or on our website. Now, turning to our operating segment performance on Slide 4. In the Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment, operating EBIT was $1.4 billion, compared to $2 billion in the year-ago period, which was elevated due to weather driven events. Price increases year-over-year were more than offset by rapidly rising raw material and energy costs. Sequentially, operating EBIT was up $202 million and operating EBIT margins increased by 120 basis points due to improved product mix and increased integrated margins despite higher raw material and energy costs, primarily in the United States and Canada. Moving to the Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure segment, operating EBIT was $426 million compared to $648 million in the year-ago period, as increased raw material and energy costs and planned maintenance activity were partly offset by higher pricing. Sequentially, operating EBIT was down $235 million and operating EBIT margins declined by 490 basis points also primarily due to higher costs and planned maintenance. And finally, the Performance Materials & Coatings segment, reported operating EBIT of $561 million, up $336 million year-over-year, as margins expanded by 960 basis points, primarily due to price gains for both silicones and coatings applications as well as improved monomers supply compared to the prior year. Sequentially, operating EBIT declined $34 million as lower siloxane prices in Europe and China were partly offset by margin expansion in the coatings and performance monomers business. I'll now turn it over to Howard to review our outlook on Slide 5.
Howard Ungerleider: Thank you, Jim. We continue to closely monitor the evolving economic landscape, including inflation, interest rates, ongoing supply chain challenges and geopolitical risks. And as we have continued to prove we are well-positioned to adapt to market dynamics, while continuing to advance our long-term Decarbonize & Grow strategy. Recent economic indicators show continued growth in global economic and industrial activity, albeit at a slower pace. U.S. PMI remained positive in the second quarter, as higher U.S. industrial production and capacity utilization levels were supported by continuing demand for consumables and services. In Europe, the geopolitical and inflationary environment is driving moderation in consumer confidence and spending. However, PMI was still at expansionary levels at the end of the quarter. In China, economic activity began to recover at the end of the quarter, with manufacturing PMI expanding in June and Chinese output and new orders lifting to expansionary levels for the first time since February. And as the regional economy continues to reopen, we expect industrial output and consumer spending to benefit from easing supply chain constraints as well. While the macroeconomic environment remains dynamic, we continue to see areas of underlying strength across our market verticals where demand and consumer spending have been resilient. Our unique competitive advantages including our global footprint, our industry-leading feedstock and derivative flexibility, combined with our chemistry toolkit and our innovation engine enabled Dow to remain agile to changing geographic energy and market conditions. Importantly, oil-gas spreads, as you can see on the slide, continue to support our structurally advantaged feedstock positions along the U.S. Gulf Coast, Canada, Argentina, and the Middle East. These advantages enable us to mitigate the impacts of higher raw material and energy costs as we navigate the market dynamics around the world. Turning to Slide 6, you'll see our current expectations for the third quarter. In the Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment, we continue to see healthy demand in food packaging and consumable end markets, largely connected to economic expansion in the services and travel sectors. Higher energy costs and near-term regional supply imbalances are expected to be a headwind of approximately $125 million in the quarter. We also have three planned maintenance turnarounds at crackers in Texas, Argentina and Canada that will be a $75 million headwind versus the prior quarter as well. In the Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure segment, while industrial activity and infrastructure spending in the U.S. remain resilient, we expect inflation to continue impacting global consumer durables demand, including furniture and bedding and appliance end markets. Industry supply recovery of propylene oxide in China will likely drive higher global polyol and other PO derivative supply and combined with higher energy costs in Europe will likely result in an approximately $125 million headwind. We completed our significant planned maintenance in Stade in the prior quarter, and will execute additional turnarounds at our alkoxylate facility and Seadrift and at our EDC/VCM facility in Germany, in total contributing an approximately $25 million tailwind in the quarter. In the Performance Materials & Coatings segment, we expect sustained U.S. consumer spending for home and personal care applications, as well as a continuation of seasonal construction activity. Industry siloxane capacity additions and supply recovery in China, along with higher energy costs are expected to generate a $200 million headwind in the quarter. All in for the third quarter, we expect a $500 million net impact compared to the second quarter, which is aligned with current first call consensus for the quarter. We remain confident that our focused and disciplined approach combined with our competitive advantages will enable us to maintain our industry leadership and continue to drive value in a dynamic market environment. Finally on Slide 7, we have also updated our full year modeling inputs. Notably, we executed a $750 million make whole call on our 2026 debt in the second quarter in line with our previous full year target. We also raised our expectation of dividends from our joint ventures to $900 million and a year-end estimated share count of 700 million shares due to a strong cash generation profile. With that, I'll turn it back to Jim.
James Fitterling: Thank you, Howard. Turning to Slide 8. We continue to advance our Decarbonize and Grow strategy, which we expect will deliver greater than $3 billion in additional run rate EBITDA, while reducing our carbon emissions by 30% by 2030. As a reminder, our path to decarbonize our footprint and grow earnings is a phased side-by-side approach that both retrofits and replaces end of life assets with low carbon emission facilities, while also expanding our capacity. This plan will deliver a 30% reduction in our CO2 emissions between 2005 and 2030, through a disciplined approach based on affordability, macro and regulatory drivers around the world. As a progress update, we continue to invest in renewable energy with access to more than 900 megawatts now. We're also making asset efficiency improvements and investing in innovative carbon efficient technologies like electric cracking and carbon capture. Recently, we announced the startup of an e-cracking research scale unit in the Netherlands that represents a key milestone in our joint technology program. Engineering and development efforts are ongoing for our plan to build the world's first ever net zero carbon emissions ethylene cracker and derivatives complex in Fort Saskatchewan, Alberta, with formal resource loading, vendor selection and project investment decisions by year-end all on track. And work is underway to develop detailed plans to reduce CO2 emissions at our sites in both Europe and in the Americas. These projects collectively demonstrate Dows leadership in the transition to a sustainable world, while driving underlying earnings growth. To that end on Slide 9, while we decarbonize, we also continue to invest in higher return, faster payback projects, capture our efficiency levers, and capitalize on long-term growth opportunities including circularity. In the near-term, our in-flight investments remain on track to deliver an incremental underlying EBITDA run rate of approximately $2 billion by year-end 2025, which includes approximately $300 million of run rate EBITDA in 2022 with growth levers across each of our operating segments. For example, in Packaging & Specialty Plastics, our 150 kiloton FCDh pilot plant in Louisiana is expected to start up in the fourth quarter of this year. In Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure, our alkoxylate capacity investments are on track to start up in the second half of this year. And in Performance Materials & Coatings, we completed two debottlenecking projects and two growth projects in the second quarter, with nine additional projects expected to be complete by year-end. Importantly, circularity is also a key enabler of our growth strategy as brand owners and our customers increasingly demand more circular solutions. We're leveraging on more than 20 strategic partnerships globally, as we accelerate our circular product capabilities and technologies to meet this demand. Today, we announced a series of circularity projects including a plan with our existing partner Mura Technology to construct multiple world scale advanced recycling facilities in the United States and Europe. These projects will add up to 600,000 tons per year of plastic waste recycling capacity by 2030, representing Dow's largest commitment to date, to scale advanced recycling. As a major off taker, Dow's capacity of circular polymer products will expand significantly as we utilize recycled plastic feedstock to produce new virgin grade and 100% circular derivatives serving fast growing brand owner needs across our market verticals. In parallel, we continue to accelerate our mechanical recycling capabilities through partnerships like the one we announced today with French recycling company Valoregen to build the largest single hybrid recycling site in France. That will be the main recipient of its post-consumer recycled resin for our revolute PCR product range, which recently received certification for plastics recycling traceability and content in Europe. These collaborations will support approximately two-thirds of Dow's 2030 target to enable 1 million metric tons of plastic to be collected, reused and recycled. In addition, our efficiency levers are on track to deliver roughly $600 million of run rate EBITDA from our restructuring program and digital investments by year-end 2025. In 2022, we expect these investments to deliver a run rate EBITDA of $50 million to $100 million. We already achieved the full run rate benefits from our 2020 restructuring program at the end of 2021, and we will see run rate benefits from our digital investments ramping up over the next few years. For example, we've accelerated modernizing and automating our warehouse management systems and we improved our supply chain planning processes using new digital capabilities, enabling us to consolidate multiple customer shipments, lower costs, and reduce our carbon emissions. We also improved the customer experience through enhanced real time delivery tracking capabilities across all modes of product shipping. These digitalization improvements are particularly valuable when global supply chains are as dynamic as they are today. Moving to Slide 10, Dow is well-positioned to generate resilient cash flows and deliver value across a variety of economic environment. This reflects our approach to manage the business with more agility and efficiency, operate with the best owner mindset and continue to ensure accountability, transparency, and a discipline and balanced approach to capital allocation. Our 3-year average EBITDA is now at more than $9 billion, driven by our early industry cycle growth investments, and efficiency programs that have collectively raised our underlying earnings above pre-pandemic levels, as well as improved our cost position versus the previous cycle. We nearly tripled our 3-year trailing cumulative free cash flow since spin. With respect to the balance sheet, we have reduced gross debt by more than $6 billion in spin with a target ratings agency leverage ratio of 2x to 2.5x compared to 2.5x to 3x its spin. All of our debt is fixed rate with less than $1 billion of maturities do over the next 5 years, which represents a reduction of approximately $7 billion in near-term debt maturities since spin. Our underfunded pension status now stands at approximately $3 billion, less than half of where it was at spin. The significant progress we've made has been reflected in our credit ratings, including a recent upgrade from Moody's and positive outlook revisions from Fitch and S&P. With ample cash generation, we remain focused on executing our value creating Decarbonize and Grow strategy, while continuing to deliver attractive shareholder remuneration. To that point, we completed our previous share repurchase program in the second quarter, and initiated our new $3 billion program aligned with our target of returning 65% of operating net income to shareholders over the economic cycle. As Dow looks ahead, our strong cash flow, balance sheet and attractive growth prospects collectively enabled increased optionality to remain agile through a variety of economic environments and continue to deliver value for all of our stakeholders. With that, I'll turn it back to Pankaj to open up the Q&A.
Pankaj Gupta: Thank you, Jim. Now let's move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take the first question from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Jim, wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the Mura announcement from today and in particular, kind of lay out the path for us what's going to happen between now and 2030 from a timeline perspective in terms of getting that 600kt built? What are the key sort of thresholds that you have to reach, presumably the first plant coming online and so forth is important. And how do the economics of this work in terms of how much capital will you be putting in and in terms of the off take are you getting it at cost or some type of cost plus? And how is raw material sourcing and so forth going to work?
James Fitterling: Yes. Good morning, Vince. Thank you for the question. I think importantly, the partnership with Mura today is two-thirds of our 1 million ton goal by 2030 to stop the waste and will drive a lot of volume growth in our post-consumer recycle markets. As we know, those are higher-value premiums in the marketplace today. Most of our brand owners have 30% PCR targets by 2030, and we're seeing rapid growth in our Dow REVOLOOP's brand of PCR containing materials year-over-year. We will be an off-taker from Mura for those capacities. It's multiple plants that will be built in the United States and Europe. I don't have all the detailed timelines on which each -- which time each will RTO, but essentially, we will have the off-take a lot of that material, as you know, to reach the packaging quality that we need for our brand owners. We will also have to be worked in with virgin grade materials. So you can think of the 600kt as additive volumes to virgin materials that we produce today. And then as we get closer to the startup of those, we can give you more details on the margins. Howard?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, I would just add a couple of things, and good morning, Vince. When you add these announcements out that we made this morning, it will make Dow the largest consumer of recycled plastic globally for polyethylene. And to your first question, the first asset with Mura is in Teesside, U.K., and that will be starting up next year, and that's in the 100, 150kt kind of range.
Operator: We will now take the next question from P.J. Juvekar from Citi. Please go ahead.
P.J. Juvekar: Yes. Good morning, Jim and Howard. Question on plastics. The polyethylene price increases are not coming through as expected. So maybe you can comment on that. But really, my main question is on Europe, where you have higher energy prices likely this winter. What are you doing to prepare for that? You have assets in Germany, which may be most vulnerable. Can you just talk about that and what do you anticipate -- and how would you anticipate any write-downs in Europe? Thank you.
James Fitterling: Good morning, P.J. Thanks for the question. We have good integrated margin outlook for the United States Gulf Coast in the third quarter, similar maybe $0.01 lower than what we had in the second quarter. So I think that's very positive. And Howard mentioned the cost positions that we have in our assets that are using ethane and light cracking. In Europe, I expect it will come off a few cents from the integrated margins in the second quarter. As you mentioned, we have high energy cost today in Europe. So that's reflected in second quarter's numbers already. I think our preparation for the fourth quarter, as we get closer to winter time, you have to be thinking that the government could move into some curtailments. We feel very good about our positions in Spain and in the Netherlands because we have some flexibility there. As you know, the Netherlands has our highest percentage LPG cracking. And so that -- we expect that to be an advantage for us as we go into fourth quarter. Spain has LPG cracking as well, but I think that pocket looks pretty good right now. Germany is the place that we have to keep an eye on. We've already reduced our natural gas use in [indiscernible], which is really the biggest exposure. And so we've made a natural gas reduction there that is very significant. And I think we will continue to look at other sourcing capabilities. So we have sourcing capability around the world in low cost positions that if it was necessary, we could look at sourcing differently to supply the European demand. Germany, in and of itself, is not -- and especially [indiscernible] is not the largest footprint for us. I mentioned on the last call also that Stade, we'd worked on a project there to build long-term with a consortium a standing LNG facility, a permanent facility to be able to bring in LNG shipments to help with as much as 15% of the German government's needs. We did get the indication just recently that Stade is a site that was selected to receive one of the floating storage and regas units for LNG. So that's a big help. That will be a facility that will dock near the Stade site and bring that in. That's about 25% of the United States commitment for LNG to help out the European Union. So we feel very good about that, and I think that improves the resiliency -- energy resiliency at the Dow site in Stade. So our focus will be to get ready and look at what we need to do in [indiscernible] beyond the natural gas reductions we've already made.
Operator: Next question comes from Hassan Ahmed from Alembic Global. Please go ahead.
Hassan Ahmed: Good morning, Jim and Howard. Just wanted to go back to polyethylene again as it pertains to the Q3 guidance you guys have given. Seems you're guiding to an EBITDA slightly north of $2.5 billion. And Jim, if I heard your commentary correctly in response to the previous question, it seems you guys are baking in maybe like $0.01 a pound decline in the U.S. in terms of that Q3 guidance and maybe a couple of $0.01 a pound worth of sequential decline in polyethylene margins in Europe. So is that correct? And if you could also comment on what you guys are seeing in -- on the polyethylene inventory side of things in the U.S.? Thanks so much.
James Fitterling: I think you have the read right, Hassan, in the numbers that you read back there. I would say, in inventories in the U.S. were impacted by two things. Half of the increase in inventories in the United States was due to supply chain congestion that was really holding up product exiting the ports down there. Most of that was already packaged and set up for export. So it isn't a product that is likely to come back into the U.S.  The other half, weve to remember that there was some turnaround season. It was pretty heavy in the second quarter, and we've got hurricane season upon us in the third quarter here. So we usually try to build some inventories ahead of hurricane season just to be ready. And I think that would account for most of the increase that you see there. There's still supply chain congestion at the port and we're still working through that. I would say, for us, Marine Pack [ph] cargo is the area that we are focusing on. Rail has been relatively good for us. And truck, we don't move as much by truck, but truck has been relatively good as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Thanks very much. Since the end of the first quarter, oil prices have been relatively stable at about $105 a barrel, but naphtha prices have moved down globally. What do you make of that? And do you think that's changing? In your MDI business, are spreads getting worse? And then for Howard, in your Slide 10, you estimate your underfunded pension at $3 billion as of the second quarter. Was that $6 billion in -- as of the end of 2021? And you have gas field investments. Are those ever going to be big? Or it's all small numbers? Thank you.
James Fitterling: Thanks, Jeff. I will tackle the first two and let Howard handle the last two. On oil price, we are still bullish oil, and we expect that these oil-to-gas spreads are going to stay in that $70 to $80 a barrel of oil equivalent in the back half. The reason I say that is there's less than 2 million barrels per day of available capacity and oil derivative demand has been very strong. And so we don't see that abating, and we don't see that the supply is picking up fast enough to close that gap. A little bit of effort and you've seen a little bit of movement in China towards coal. You've seen it in the energy industry. You've also seen it in coal to chemicals, that's probably taken a little bit off of the naphtha demand. China, Northeast Asia would be some of the largest naphtha demand that's out there. So my guess is that's why you've seen the oil naphtha correlation change a bit. MDI fundamentals, to your point, are still strong. Our operating rate outlook for MDI through 2025 and 2026 is continuing to increase year-over-year, every year. So I don't think we are going to see any issues with MDI spreads. If byproducts come off a little bit, a lot of byproduct goes into production of MDI. If oil byproducts come off a little bit from the refineries, then that could be actually positive. Howard?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. Thanks, Jeff. Good morning. So yes, the answer on your pension question is correct. So it's $3 billion. By the way, that's total. That's the DB as well as the OPEB. So that's an all-in number. And all it takes is a little bit more rate increase and/or another year of earning the ROA, and that $3 billion probably goes to almost zero. So we've almost got that issue completely behind us. Thanks for pointing out Slide 10 in the earnings deck. I have to say that's one of my personal favorite slides this time. I mean I think when you look at everything that we said we would do at spin and what we've done on every single financial metric, whether it's earnings, whether it's cash flow, whether it's capital structure, we are in much better position today than where we were. And I think that's reflective in the credit rating agency upgrades on Moody's and then the positive outlook, both from Fitch and S&P. Relative to your gas well question, I think you're referring to our Devon investments, and that really -- that deal allows us to hedge I would say both on quantity and duration against rising energy and feedstock costs, and that's just not exactly available in the same way in the paper trading market. So we participate in both. The hydrocarbons are sold directly into the market, and that obviously offsets the price increases for other sources of feedstock in our U.S. Gulf Coast assets. We are really pleased with our partnership with Devon that continues to grow. And it's just another tool in our toolbox of hedging, and that's how we think about it.
Operator: The next question comes from Laurence Alexander from Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander: Good morning. Could you give a little bit more detail on how you think about the impact of electricity prices in Europe next year? I mean, or if we mark-to-market current spot rates across Dow's positions. And secondly, on the circularity side, are you going to seeing enough price traction and customer commitments that you can expect to have a higher average selling price across your polymer portfolio as recycled polymers become larger in the mix?
James Fitterling: Yes. So the first question on electricity. Obviously, weve an existing purchase power agreement at Stade, and that also helps supports coal [ph] power. And so we are in a good position in terms of a forward look at what our energy cost needs are going to be, and Stade is our largest electricity user. So I think that is well in hand. I think, obviously, you have to work on what's going to happen with the weather markets in Europe, but that's hard to predict next year at this point. On sales of products containing recycled content, they are wrapping up dramatically. So our REVOLOOP product brand, for example, is up about 140% versus the first half of 2021. They're commanding about $1,500 per metric ton and $2,200 per metric ton price premiums, so $1,500 for advanced recycled materials and $2,200 for bio-based products. And that's compared to the fossil fuel and the virgin alternative. So as we see that, we're going to see that blend into our existing business. Howard mentioned 150,000 tons starting up next year in Teesside in the U.K. and then ramping up to that 600,000 tons. So I do think over time, as we get these numbers larger, we will see it have an impact. And most of that premium is there because the demand is much stronger than the supply.
Operator: We will now take the next question from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. Two things. First, Howard, on the modeling guidance, how should we think about the roughly $1 billion of lower sales sequentially in terms of applying some sort of decremental margin to that? Or it sounds like it's already embedded in that $500 million headwind. But how should you think about that? And two, Jim, overall, in Europe, in terms of the natural gas curtailments, higher costs, can you frame how much Dow will benefit or could benefit from the situation in the near and medium term? Thank you.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, David. Look, when you think about that $500 million guidance down, which again is in line with the current third quarter consensus. We are not giving incremental margins, but the way I would talk and have you think through it, it's about $125 million in P&SP. On the EBITDA line, it's about $125 million in Industrial Intermediates, again, on the EBITDA line, and $200 million on PM&C. And then you got to add the net $50 million turnarounds on top of that, and that's really split primarily P&SP $75 million headwind; PM&C flat, and then there's a tailwind sequentially and Industrial Intermediates is at $25 million because the turnaround -- the big turnaround was behind us.
James Fitterling: David, in the European market, for several years, the European market has been fairly well self-contained. It isn't -- with a few exceptions, it isn't an export market. And so the higher costs in Europe are really what's pushing the integrated margins over there. So I think we are looking at it from a standpoint of maintaining the business in Europe and trying to keep everything running in the event of a curtailment that would mean that we would have to slow something down, we would obviously look to bring in import materials from one of our other lower-cost facilities. But there's a cost to doing that as well. And I think we don't look at it as being advantaged because of a curtailment in Europe. What we really want to try to do is help Europe get some additional sources of gas supply in there, which is why we're doing what we're doing at Stade because we think that's necessary for them for the long-term. They need to have more sources of supply for a better balanced energy policy in the EU.
Operator: The next question comes from Frank Mitsch from Fermium Research.
Frank Mitsch: Hey, good morning, gentlemen. I was just curious, on Slide 5, you did a nice job of pulling together some of the macro indicators looking out over the past several months, and the direction is modestly concerning. So, Im just curious in terms of the demand outlook that you have, how would you judge the second half order book for Dow today versus what your expectations might have been 3 months ago?
James Fitterling: Good morning, Frank. Good question. I would say the businesses that are still strong on order book. Packaging continues to be strong. Our volumes in second quarter were up 5% year-over-year, without some logistics constraints could even have been higher than that. Industrial electronics for big telco 5G data centers has been strong. Pharma incipients and Dow DIS continues to be strong. Obviously, United States, Canada, we expect to still be strong. India has shown good strength. So, I think that's going to continue. And I think China will come back in a big way in third and fourth quarter. We are seeing between 4% and 5% GDP outlooks in China. If you look at things that are steady to where we were in the first, second quarter, infrastructure continues to be very steady. Autos, even though autos have had issues with chip supply, we still are looking at year-over-year unit build and improvements in the 2023 forecast on auto. So, I think as we get through chip supplies, we will see that move right now today. Our tier OEMs, as they get delays in orders, we see that roll through, but we are managing that. Industrial markets, China has picked up in construction and residential housing and EVs pretty strongly because of programs supporting that. So we see that. And I'd say the industrial markets are coming, but they're lagging that a little bit. Oil and gas is up. So we saw a lot of ethylene oxide derivatives into oil and gas, drilling and cleaning up natural gas. So that's up -- gas production in the U.S. is up to 97 Bcf a day from 95, and I think it's headed to 98 or higher. Residential housing, I would say, the urbanization, I don't think is as big or as we continue to see commercial construction and multiunit construction tends to be strong. Single-family homes and home resales are slowing a bit with the higher mortgage rates. But I think that commercial construction site still looks good. And then we keep an eye on single-family home unit builds here in the U.S.  The ones that are showing a little bit of weakness right now year-over-year, appliances are slowing a bit and consumer electronics. So, I would just think big ticket items for the consumer and people that are paying higher food prices and higher transportation costs and higher utility bills, they're pulling back on some of those things. On the other hand, they're traveling. So, we see those services and tourism numbers up. And so that feeds back into the packaging business and some of the other things I started with.
Operator: The next question comes from Kevin McCarthy from Vertical Research Partners.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, good morning. Jim, at your Investor Day last October, you provided a helpful trough to peak EBITDA range of $9 billion on the low-end to $15 billion on the high-end. And today, the run rate is right in the middle at $12 billion. So, it seems as though you've got a fair amount of cushion down to your self-defined trough range. But obviously, a lot's changed in terms of geopolitics and the energy volatility we are talking about here. Is that still the right range? And if so, can you flesh out what sort of assumptions you are baking into the trough level? And whether it might be better in a mild recession scenario or a little bit worse if we stress test further? Thank you.
James Fitterling: Yes. Thank you, Kevin. Look, the new range that we laid out is still intact, and we still feel good about that. 9 to 15, and that's including the expansion at Alberta, the net zero emissions facility in Alberta. If you look where we are to 2025, probably that $8 billion to $14 billion range for that 2025 window, because the Alberta expansion doesn't come in until '27 and '29 in a couple of phases there. And I would think about it this way. P&SP always -- Package & Specialty Plastics always performs well in these type of environments. We are well above mid-cycle EBITDA margins right now. And our look is for next year that we will still be above those mid-cycle numbers. So that underpins that lower part of the quarter pretty strongly. II&I, if you take a look at 2022, where we've been with historical peak type of numbers, and I think we are seeing a little bit of softness in a couple of areas there, but we've got growth in Industrial Solutions. They're still well above that within a percentage of their high EBITDA margins. And then PM&C is right at the peak on their EBITDA margins. So I feel good about the quarter. I think we proved through 2020 and what happened with COVID that we have a very good model to understand the peak and the trough. As Howard mentioned, and I mentioned on the script, we have made a lot of improvements to the balance sheet of the company and lowered our cost position with the investments we've made over the last few years. So we go into this with a much better position. And that oil-to-gas spread really underpinned it because we've got very good low-cost assets around the world.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Sison from Wells Fargo.
Michael Sison: Hey, guys. Nice quarter. In terms of the export market of China, do you think it's opened up? And if it does, does that potentially improve the outlook for integrated margins in the Gulf Coast? And then as a quick follow-up, in 2020, demand for polyethylene was up 2%, pretty tough time. If we head into a recession, which seems to be impacting everybody these days, at least sentiment wise, what do you think demand from polyethylene would do given that there is not a lot of durable goods is such in a mild recession?
James Fitterling: Yes. Good question. I think China is opening up, I would say, export demand -- in our business, China is still a net importer of our materials. And so I think our focus in supplying into China, whether it's through our investments on the ground in China or through our imports, is really to support the local Chinese market. We will, I think, start to see pickup in movement of things, like parts that will help instrumentation electrical business and controls and think mobility parts for the automotive industry. I think we will start to see that improve, which will really debottleneck things back here. But Asia Pacific cost positions, when you think about ethylene and other basic chemicals, are still negative. And the switch over to MTO and CTO, I don't think is really fundamentally going to change that. So I doubt in petrochemicals, we'll see them be an exporter. I think they'll be focused more on getting the domestic economy ramped up and moving. Global growth for PE is still strong. Still in the 1.4x to 1.5x GDP rate. Operating rates are in the high 80s, low 90s, and I think they're going to be that way over the next few years. So if we are able to navigate through this in a soft landing scenario, you could actually see things move and continue to stay above these mid peak numbers over the next several years. Any comments, Howard?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, Michael, the only other comment that I would make to your question about what happens in an economic slowdown in terms of P&SP volumes. If you go back and look in history, we can get you some of this data, if you need, offline. But essentially, I mean, you're right, in the 2020 pandemic economic trough, you saw P&SP volumes actually increase. I would say, historically, when you go into an economic recessionary type of environment or an economic slowdown, you don't lose a lot of volume growth in P&SP. I would say it's typically maybe 2%, 3% reduction in volume. But because people move back to smaller package types, which then basically has more square inches or square meters of packaging, and that actually drives consumption of polymers up a little bit in an economic slowdown environment.
James Fitterling: And by focusing our investments in lower cost positions and weve over time taken out higher cost assets as well, we've increased our unit margins by greater than 20% each cycle. So higher peaks and higher troughs has been the mantra for the business. You get higher trough versus the last one when you invest in flexibility and lower cost positions like weve been, and you get higher peaks when things tighten up.
Operator: We will now take the next question from Christopher Parkinson from Mizuho.
Christopher Parkinson: Great. Thank you so much. Can you just give us a quick update on your JVs? I mean, the additional disclosure has been very helpful. But just a quick outlook specifically on Sadara for the back half and any preliminary thoughts on '23 would be greatly appreciated. Thank you so much.
James Fitterling: Yes. Thanks, Chris. Sadara should improve in the back half as they had some maintenance activity in the second quarter. So they have our first quarter, second quarter was a little bit better, and then the back half of the year, they should be running at full rates. They've also paid down some debt position. So on a relative basis, their balance sheet is in better shape than it was last year. So I feel good about what they're doing there. Kuwait JV is still generating good returns, obviously, watching for China to open up and see if that has an impact that rolls through to MEG pricing, and that's probably the biggest drag on equate right now, although the results are still good. And then the Thai JVs obviously is the most exposed with naphtha costs. And as we mentioned earlier, naphtha is actually coming down. And we will see how pricing evolves in Asia on plastic polyethylene. Functional polymers on plastics continues to be good, and the Thai JVs have a fair amount of capacity in the functional polymer space as well. So that should be positive for them.
Howard Ungerleider: The other positive, just to reinforce on the equity earnings, is the dividends. That's the cash that we received. So in the modeling inputs for the full year that we updated, the dividends expected from our JV, it's now expected to be about $900 million of cash. That was a $300 million increase versus the earlier estimate from earlier in the year, and that's now up $600 million versus last year. So that's a nice cash tailwind for us.
Operator: We will now take the next question from Alex Yefremov from KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Aleksey Yefremov: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. On Slide 10, you show a bucket of additional value creation for uses of cash. So in that context, how are you thinking about buy versus build decisions? Do you see potential scenario where there's inorganic investment comes around if we do face a downturn and there is a significant acquisition opportunity? Is this something you would roll out or something that remains an option?
James Fitterling: We obviously have to weigh that vis--vis our organic growth investments. So the Decarbonize and Grow strategy is very attractive for us. And with the market moving towards zero carbon and also more circular products, weve a lot in front of us that is really high value and high return. I think Howard and the team, we still continue to look at non-revenue generating infrastructure assets from a standpoint of the market is there to take on that infrastructure and us be able to liberate some cash from deals like that and then deploy it into organic growth strategy. We look for strategic bolt-on M&A, bolt-on, meaning millions, not billions, for gaps that are in our technology as we move forward. And as you look at things, like growth in sectors like mobility, adhesives, things that have really good drivers to them. If there were opportunities there, I think we'd take a look at it. Any other comments, Howard?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. Alex, I appreciate the question. I mean, look, I think what you've seen, hopefully from us now since before spin, is focused, disciplined and balanced. And our capital allocation priorities have remained the same. Our mindset on that additional value creation will be to do the most value creating thing for long-term shareholder value creation. Our return on invested capital target over the economic cycle is still at least a 3% spread above our weighted average cost of capital. And so that will be the primary focus with which we view any of those bars in that value creation potential bucket.
Operator: We will now take our next question from John Roberts from Credit Suisse.
John Roberts: Thanks. Nice quarter. Hydrocarbon & Energy contributed 2% of total overall company year-over-year volume growth. Does that imply it was the majority of volume growth in the Plastics & Specialty segment -- the Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment? And how did benzene steam and other energy-related products impact the net earnings in that segment?
James Fitterling: Yes. Good morning, John. Thanks for the question. No, I don't think that's what is implied in the volume numbers. Obviously, weve a lot of moving parts in olefins, and so byproduct sales can ebb and flow with things. I would say that functional polymers, if you take a look at margin results and price momentum, delivered a really strong margin result on that price momentum, and that drove a lot of the upside in revenues and in the beat because infrastructure really drives the demand for those functional polymers and weve a pretty significant sized functional polymers business there. But I think on olefins, we really try to run olefins to keep our integrated margins healthy and then try to move the byproducts into the market, and we see some byproducts that were moving off a little bit as well. So I think packaging, especially plastics packaging volume was up 5% year-over-year. And so I think those trends are still well intact, and I don't expect that those are going to change.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Arun Viswanathan from RBC Capital Markets.
Arun Viswanathan: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Good morning. I guess I have just two quick follow ups on polyethylene and polyurethane. So in polyethylene, do you expect ethane to kind of stay in the $0.40 to $0.60 per gallon range and that kind of provides some support to pricing? Or do you expect pricing to kind of maybe decline $0.03 to $0.06 per pound over the next couple of quarters? And then similarly on PU, now that we are running slower, or running a little bit at BASF Geismar and some of the other facilities that were down, do you expect MDI prices to kind of moderate over the next couple of quarters, especially given what you said on durables demand slowing? Thanks.
James Fitterling: Yes, I do expect that ethane will bounce around. There's plenty of ethane in rejection, so it's not a supply driven issue. I think events have caused the prices to move around. Frac spreads right now are about $1.25. And they've ranged in from $1 to $1.50, so that's kind of that $0.40 to $0.60 range at today's natural gas prices. So I think that's a reasonable expectation. As gas production improves, we might see it come off. You've got to remember, you had the ONEOK plant fire in July, which put some upward pressure on prices. You've got a couple of startups of crackers in the second half here, which are going to put a pull on demand. But I think it's a reasonable range and we will watch natural gas and what happens with natural gas because that could pull the prices down a little bit.
Pankaj Gupta: And thanks everyone for joining our -- yes, thanks [indiscernible]. I know we are up at time here. I know we couldn't get to all the questions. So for folks who are in queue, we will talk to you this afternoon as well. And I want to thank everyone for joining our call. We appreciate your interest in Dow. For your reference, a copy of our transcript will be posted on Dow's website within approximately 24 hours or so. This concludes our call. Thank you.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-21 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Dow's Q1 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. Also today's call is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Pankaj Gupta. Please go ahead, sir.
Pankaj Gupta: Good morning. Thank you for joining Dow's first quarter earnings call. This call is available via webcast, and we have prepared slides to supplement our comments today. They are posted on the Investor Relations section of Dow's website and through the link to our webcast.  I am Pankaj Gupta, Vice President of Dow Investor Relations, and joining me today on the call are Jim Fitterling, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Howard Ungerleider, President and Chief Financial Officer. Please read the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the earnings news release and slides.  During our call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations or predictions about the future. Because these statements are based on current assumptions and factors that involve risks and uncertainties, our actual performance and results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Dow's Forms 10-Q and 10-K include detailed discussions of principal risks and uncertainties which may cause such differences. Unless otherwise specified, all financials, where applicable, exclude significant items.  We will also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures is contained in the Dow earnings release and in the slides that supplement our comments today as well as on the Dow website.  On Slide 2, you will see our agenda for the call. Jim will begin by reviewing our first quarter and operating segment performance. Howard will share our outlook and modeling guidance as well as how Dow's competitive advantages are driving resilient earnings and cash flow while positioning the company for value growth. Jim will then provide an update on how our in-flight actions raise our underlying mid-cycle EBITDA above pre-pandemic levels while also advancing on our path to zero carbon emissions. Following that, we will take your questions.  Now let me turn the call over to Jim.
James Fitterling: Thank you, Pankaj. Beginning on Slide 3, we entered our 125th year with global scale, a differentiated portfolio, unmatched feedstock and derivative flexibility and a track record of operational excellence, all of which enables us to continue to deliver more resilient earnings and cash flow in a variety of economic and geopolitical environments and positions us to deliver mid-cycle earnings above pre-pandemic levels.  This is reflected in our first quarter results. Team Dow delivered top and bottom line growth, both year-over-year and sequentially. We capitalized on end market demand strength across the breadth of our diverse portfolio and mitigated the impacts of rising raw material and energy costs.  Year-over-year sales growth was 28% with gains in every operating segment, business and region. Sequentially, sales increased 6%, driven by gains in Performance Materials & Coatings and Packaging & Specialty Plastics. Local price was up 28% year-over-year, reflecting gains in all operating segments, businesses and regions. Price was up 2% sequentially, led by silicones and polyurethanes.  Volume increased 3% year-over-year with gains in all operating segments and in the United States and Canada. Sequentially, volume was up 5%, reflecting strong demand for silicones and packaging applications. And we continued our digitalization drive, marking an important milestone for digital sales in the first quarter as we reached a $1 billion monthly run rate. Operating EBIT increased $865 million compared to the year-ago period with gains in all operating segments.  Despite rising raw material and energy costs, we effectively leveraged our industry-leading feedstock and derivative flexibility in a very dynamic environment. And higher operating rates compared to the impact of Winter Storm Uri in the year-ago period enabled us to capture better end market demand.  We continue to generate significant cash flow of $1.6 billion in the first quarter, up $1.8 billion year-over-year due to increased earnings and no voluntary pension contributions in the current period. Shareholder remuneration totaled $1.1 billion in the quarter, including $513 million through our industry-leading dividend as well as $600 million in share repurchases. Additionally, we recently announced a new $3 billion share repurchase program. This was a direct result of our performance and our balanced and disciplined approach to capital allocation with attractive shareholder remuneration.  Before I address our operating segment performance, on behalf of the Dow team, our thoughts are with the people of Ukraine and their family and friends around the world. Dow continues to prioritize the safety and security of our colleagues in Ukraine and Russia by providing evacuation support, financial assistance and shelter as well as humanitarian aid to refugees in the region.  From a business perspective, our presence in Ukraine and Russia represents approximately 1% of annual sales and a much smaller percentage on the bottom line. We fully support and are complying with sanctions implemented against Russia, and have significantly reduced our operations and stopped all investments in the country and are only supplying limited essential goods.  To help diversify Europe's energy supply, we also recently announced that Dow is taking a minority stake in the Hanseatic Energy Hub, which is developing a new zero carbon emissions LNG import terminal. The terminal will be colocated on Dow's site in Stade, Germany and will satisfy up to 15% of Germany's current natural gas demand, helping enable a stable, cost-effective and sustainable supply of energy to Europe in support of the region's economy, Dow's business interests and our communities and our employees.  Moving now to our operating segment performance on Slide 4. In the Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment, operating EBIT was $1.2 billion, up $6 million year-over-year with operating EBIT margins down 400 basis points as price increases in the United States and Canada and Latin America were partly offset by rising raw material and energy costs in all regions. Strong end market demand drove volume up 4% year-over-year. Sequentially, operating EBIT was down $208 million and operating EBIT margins declined by 390 basis points primarily due to higher raw material and energy costs in Europe.  Moving to the Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure segment. Operating EBIT was $661 million, up $335 million year-over-year as operating EBIT margins increased 560 basis points, primarily due to strong price momentum in both businesses and volume gains of 1%. Sequentially, operating EBIT was up $66 million, and operating EBIT margins increased 150 basis points as strong prices and lower planned maintenance activity in the core business offset higher raw material and energy costs.  And finally, the Performance Materials & Coatings segment reported operating EBIT of $595 million compared to $62 million in the year-ago period. Operating EBIT margins increased more than 1,600 basis points due to strong price gains and an 8% volume increase on improved supply availability and robust stand for silicones in personal care and high-performance buildings and demand for architectural coatings. Sequentially, operating EBIT improved by $300 million on price gains and lower planned maintenance activity.  I'll now turn it over to Howard to review our modeling guidance for the second quarter.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, Jim. Turning to Slide 5. In the second quarter, we expect ongoing underlying demand strength across both consumer and industrial end markets. Despite elevated inflation, consumer spending continues to grow and balance sheets remain healthy with household debt service levels at some of the lowest levels in the last 30 years. Industrial activity also remains robust with global manufacturing PMI continuing to point toward expansion.  We continue to monitor dynamics impacting the operating environment, including geopolitical activity, inflation, COVID and the pace in which global supply chain constraints are easing. Our talented team and advantaged operating model continued to position us well to navigate these impacts by leveraging our global footprint, scale and differentiated portfolio, combined with our cost-advantaged and suture feedstock and derivative flexibility.  In Packaging & Specialty Plastics, our order book remains strong, and we expect continued demand strength for packaging applications. Elevated feedstock costs, particularly for naphtha as well as tighter supply as we enter another turnaround season for the industry in the U.S. Gulf Coast and Europe should continue to support prices globally. That will begin a turnaround at our cracker and aromatics facilities in Louisiana, which are anticipated to be $125 million headwind in the quarter. We will continue to leverage our advantaged shale positions in the Americas and our leading feedstock flexibility in Europe to help mitigate these costs.  In Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure, we expect strong demand in industrial and energy end markets, coupled with the seasonal increase in construction and infrastructure activity in the quarter. Higher raw material and energy costs and tight supply and demand balances are expected to provide additional price momentum across our key value chains. We're also beginning turnarounds at our Stade and Terneuzen facilities, which are anticipated to be a $100 million headwind sequentially.  In Performance Materials & Coatings, we're seeing robust consumer demand strength across our major end markets, including home and personal care, infrastructure and electronic applications. We continue to monitor the recent pandemic-related lockdowns in China and will remain agile to proactively manage the near-term impacts, particularly on local supply chains. In the coatings sector, value chain inventories remain tight, and we anticipate strong seasonal uplift in architectural demand as the Northern Hemisphere enters paint season. All in, we expect the second quarter to be in line with the prior quarter, excluding the total $225 million impact from turnarounds.  We have also provided updated full year modeling input in the appendix of this presentation. Most notably and supported by our recent buyback announcement, we have lowered our year-end share count assumption to approximately 715 million shares as we remain committed to delivering attractive shareholder remuneration.  Moving to Slide 6. Our first quarter results once again demonstrate our competitive advantages, which have enabled Team Dow to navigate the dynamic macro environment, capture end market growth and continue to elevate our earnings potential. Our broad global reach with local presence, which includes the diversified manufacturing footprint is structurally advantaged and enables low-cost positions in each region.  About 65% of our production capacity is based in the Americas where we have a cost advantage from abundant shale-based feedstocks. We also have industry-leading propane flexibility in Europe, ethane and natural gasoline advantages from our joint venture partners in the Middle East and global sourcing capability to support Asia with ethane advantage supply. Additionally, we are continuously leveraging our industry-leading feedstock and derivative flexibility to optimize margins.  Region by region and furnace by furnace, we are able to mitigate higher raw material and energy costs. This is particularly relevant in today's environment where Dow has more than 2 to 3x more propane flexibility than our European peers. And our derivative flexibility allows us to optimize our product mix to capture differentiated prices and margins compared to our peers. At the same time, our consumer-led portfolio and track record of innovation enables us to grow in attractive market verticals of packaging, infrastructure, consumer and mobility, expanding our share and growing with our customers, particularly for sustainability-led applications.  Growth across our end markets is expected to remain strong over the next several years with distinct demand drivers of sustainability, efficiency and connectivity, all of which are enabling growth rates above GDP. We're capturing these opportunities with innovative new products across our portfolio that not only feature advantage polyolefins, but also silicones, acrylics, cellulosics, polyurethane systems, alkoxylates and elastomers.  For example, our DOWSIL carbon-neutral sealants increase design flexibility of smart buildings to reduce the environmental impact of new construction as infrastructure investments continue to ramp. The RENUVA Mattress Recycling Program converts used mattresses into raw materials for new building and home care applications.  Our ENGAGE photovoltaic polyolefin elastomers offer improved performance and extended life for solar applications. And Dow's patented ACCUTRACE Fuel Marker technology was recently selected by the European Commission to help facilitate fraud prevention, especially critical for monitoring fuel flows from sanctioned supply sources.  Altogether, these advantages enable resiliency, growth and support higher mid-cycle earnings compared to pre-pandemic levels. These advantages have been key to our 125-year history and will remain relevant for decades to come.  With that, I'll turn it back to Jim.
James Fitterling: Thank you, Howard. Now turning to Slide 7. We have a clear road map to advance our decarbonize and grow strategy, which we expect will deliver greater than $3 billion in additional run rate EBITDA, while reducing carbon emissions by 30% by 2030. This begins with our continued investment in renewable energy, asset efficiency improvements and innovative carbon-efficient technologies like electric cracking and carbon capture.  Licensing our technologies will further expand our value pools, decarbonizing our assets and the industry. For example, our FCDh unit will reduce CO2 emissions by as much as 20% compared to other leading PDH technologies. And as we advance our electric cracking project in collaboration with Shell, we will incorporate even more renewable energy into our network.  In Alberta, we're progressing engineering and development activities for the world's first net zero carbon emissions, ethylene and derivatives cracker complex. This year, we plan to complete our partner agreements, which will put us on track for regulatory approval and a final investment decision in 2023.  We're also advancing plans to reduce CO2 emissions at sites in both Europe and in the Americas. A key part of our decision to advance profitable projects will be ensuring competitive subsidies and commercial contracts before final investment decision. These projects will provide the low to zero emission products that our customers increasingly demand to reduce their own carbon footprint. This is another demonstration of Dow's leadership in the transition to a sustainable world while driving earnings growth.  Turning to Slide 8. To that end, our near-term actions to decarbonize, grow the company and continue to improve our return on capital are well underway. In 2022, our in-flight growth programs remain on track to deliver a run rate of more than $300 million in underlying EBITDA with a focus on targeting downstream and sustainability-led applications across all operating segments that will generate strong returns. In Packaging & Specialty Plastics, our FCDh unit in Louisiana is on track to start up in the fourth quarter of this year and will contribute more than $75 million in run rate EBITDA with a return on invested capital greater than 15%, giving us the key proof point to accelerate the licensing of our technology.  In Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure, our alkoxylates capacity and other efficiency investments are also on track to start up this year and in total, are expected to generate more than $50 million in run rate EBITDA with returns greater than 20%. In order to support the accelerating demand growth across pharma, cleaning and energy sectors, today, we're proud to announce another series of alkoxylate investments in the United States and Europe.  These expansions maintain our current carbon emissions levels and are backed by supply agreements with leading consumer brands across fast-growing end markets. All combined, these investments represent a 70% increase in our industry-leading downstream alkoxylates capacity over the next several years, targeting high-value applications where we're delivering 10% to 15% annual growth rates.  Lastly, in Performance Materials & Coatings, we're also executing a series of incremental downstream debottlenecking projects with more than 20 projects expected to be completed this year, collectively contributing approximately $100 million in run rate EBITDA with return on invested capital of more than 20%.  All in all, by 2025, we're projecting a cumulative underlying EBITDA improvement of approximately $2 billion, driven by projects like incremental high-margin polyethylene and functional polymers capacity to serve growing demand for flexible packaging, debottlenecking projects to enhance our mix toward polyurethane systems serving mobility and consumer applications, and new capabilities to formulate differentiated silicones, including silicone adhesives for next-gen electronics, mobility and infrastructure applications.  At the same time, we continue to decarbonize and deliver on our sustainability commitments by increasing our use of renewable energy, optimizing our assets to be more carbon efficient and driving continuous emissions reductions throughout our global asset base. Just one example, we will reduce our CO2 emissions by more than 350,000 tons, which is more than 15% of our 2025 emissions reduction target when we replace end-of-life steam and gas turbines at our Plaquemine, Louisiana site, with less capital intensive, higher efficiency and lower operating cost systems.  Overall, we expect these near-term actions to deliver $2 billion in additional underlying earnings while reducing carbon emissions by approximately 2 million metric tons by the year 2025. And importantly, we'll do this while maintaining CapEx within D&A and continuing to target a return on capital of greater than 13% across the economic cycle as we invest in higher-return, lower-risk projects across the enterprise.  Turning to Slide 9. Dow has unique and resilient competitive advantages, a clear strategy to decarbonize and grow earnings, cash flow and return on capital combined with top quartile operational and financial performance. Our annual benchmarking update is published in the appendix of this presentation and demonstrates once again that we continue to deliver better results relative to our peers across many key financial performance metrics, including top quartile EBITDA margins, return on capital, free cash flow yield, shareholder remuneration and debt reduction.  Our commitment to industry-leading cash generation and shareholder remuneration have resulted in an attractive free cash flow and dividend yield above both our benchmarking peers as well as the broader S&P 500. Furthermore, strong execution against our higher return growth projects over the past several years has resulted in 3-year EBITDA growth and return on invested capital that is well above the peer median. And as we've outlined, our in-flight growth investments will deliver additional incremental earnings and cash flow upside with high-quality return on invested capital across the economic cycle.  To close on Slide 10, Dow continues to be well positioned to deliver higher mid-cycle earnings and cash flow above pre-pandemic levels in both the near term and over the economic cycle. With our flexible and advantaged operating model, we're also able to effectively manage in a wide range of macro environments. We continue to deploy our industry-leading cash flow in a disciplined and balanced way to maximize long-term value creation. Case in point, our new share repurchase program reflects the strength of our performance and confidence in our ability to continue delivering industry-leading cash flow.  We're making good progress on our decarbonized growth strategy, delivering incremental earnings by capitalizing on fast-growing demand for more sustainable solutions. Our in-flight actions are elevating our underlying mid-cycle EBITDA above pre-pandemic levels, all as we advance our return on capital. Over the past 125 years, Dow has transformed from a small science start-up to the company that we are today, an industry leader with global scale, a differentiated portfolio and sustainable solutions that enable us to tackle some of the world's greatest challenges. Our ambition, purpose and capabilities continue to make Dow a great place to work for PhDs, engineers, chemists and leading talent from many different disciplines.  For the second year in a row, Dow has been recognized as the only material science company on the Great Place to Work and Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For list. These advantages enable us to capture value growth while continuing to focus on delivering for our customers advancing our ambition and creating value for all stakeholders.  With that, I'll turn it over to Pankaj to open the Q&A.
Pankaj Gupta: Thank you, Jim. Now let's move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will now take our first question from Hassan Ahmed from Alembic Global.
Hassan Ahmed: A quick question around the Q2 guidance. As I look at the different moving parts, it seems you're guiding to an EBITDA north of $2.9 billion. So first part of the question is, is that correct? And second part is that it seems that the $0.04 a pound April polyethylene price hike stock, you guys seem to have a May price hike on the table as well. So does the guidance factor in these polyethylene price hikes sticking?
James Fitterling: I'll have Howard walk through the guidance. On polyethylene, our expectation is we'll see about $0.04 to $0.05 coming through here in the near term. For the Americas, we've got $0.07 out there in April and $0.07 out there in May. A little bit less in Europe and Asia Pacific. So we are expecting to see prices continue to move up in Packaging & Specialty Plastics through the quarter. With that, Howard, maybe walk through the guidance for second quarter?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. Sure, Jim. Thanks for the question. But you've got it right. Basically, what we're guiding to is to take the first quarter EBITDA actuals, subtract the $225 million of turnaround headwinds in P&SP and Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure and that's our best estimate today of what we see with all the puts and takes of where second quarter EBITDA is likely to land.
Operator: We will now take our next question from P.J. Juvekar from Citi.
Prashant Juvekar: And congratulations on your 125 years of history. Jim, I have a broad question on sort of the future of the European chemical industry, given what seems like a long-term step up in energy prices there. And then specifically on Dow in Europe, how are your crackers performing there? I know you use more LPGs there. And what about II&I and PM&C? How are the margins holding up in Europe in those segments?
James Fitterling: Thanks, P.J. Great question. I think, obviously, there were questions about Europe's competitiveness at different times in history and what's happened with Russia entering Ukraine and what that's caused has created more concerns on Europe's ability to, one, decouple from Russia and to compete longer term. That's one of the reasons we made the announcement about the project in Stade, to basically host that LNG import terminal to help that happen.  I would say the crackers right now are operating well. We're able to still have margin in Europe under these circumstances. Obviously, have to pass a lot of that along. But the thing we have to work on is longer term, getting them to a more competitive feedstock and energy cost position. Europe has been higher energy cost than the United States for quite some time, and we've been able to be profitable there.  We did announce some expansions there in alkoxylates for some of our brand owners. We've made expansions there in Spain previously. This will be in Terneuzen. And as you know, we're going to convert Terneuzen to be a net zero ethylene facility over time. So I do think there will be a chemical industry in Europe, but I think we have to continue to look at how it evolves and how we're going to continue to make Europe more energy competitive to support that industry longer term.
Operator: We will now take our next question from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Jim, Howard, can you talk about PMC, a little bit about the doubling of earnings sequentially? And how sustainable is this pricing realizing right now in the silicones business?
James Fitterling: PM&C had a great quarter. Obviously, PM&C had some issues throughout last year with different outages and some of the challenges from Winter Storm Uri. So Winter Storm Uri impact year-over-year is a big part here.  Volume is also very strong. Coatings -- or silicones has had a super strong first quarter in terms of demand, both on the construction side but also on the personal care side, which is coming back very strongly. Coatings had one of the best first quarters ever, which is the lead up to what's really its typical strongest quarter, which would be second quarter. And not only did volume increase, but pricing increased as well.  And we've been able to navigate COVID in China. Even though we had some issues around the Zhangjiagang area, we were able to keep the plant running. And subsequently, that has been lifted and Zhangjiagang is ramping back up to full rates. So I think we executed and navigated that whole situation pretty well.  Silicon metals spiked a bit in the quarter. I would expect, over time, as things kind of normalize, that will come down a little bit, but that also helped drive some of the pricing that we saw in the first quarter.  So all in all, very strong performance. I do think it will continue to be a strong year for PM&C. We've got demand up in building electronics, industrial, mobility and personal care. The only area that's a little bit softer in 2022 versus '21 would be in home cleaning and that's as we're coming out of the pandemic.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: It's a two-part question. Your consolidated volumes were up 1%, which is a slower rate than global GDP growth. In general, what do you make of that?  And secondly, Jim, you've been running Dow Chemical now for 3 years. Has your concept of how you create shareholder value changed over that period? And if you had to summarize it, what would it be?
James Fitterling: Jeff, good questions. I would say volume, year-over-year, up 1% consolidated basis is one way to look at it. I would say also sequentially, remember, we were up about 5%. We had a very strong operating rate in hydrocarbons and energy in the first quarter. And so we took advantage of the spreads between oil and natural gas, and that was a big underlying support for all the businesses. Some of the businesses that are the big volume generators had a pretty strong first quarter last year, and more of their impact from the freeze happened in the second quarter. We were able to manage first quarter last year by selling out of inventory, but second quarter really saw the stronger volume impact from Winter Storm Uri.  In terms of shareholder return. First 3 years post spin, we were faced with quite a few issues. Right after spin, we were moving into really a declining market, which led into COVID and all the issues we had to deal with. And so our focus during that time frame was to make sure that we navigated that, protected that dividend and made sure that we came out with the best balance sheet in the industry when we came out of the pandemic. I believe we did all those things.  A great company is not always a great stock. The actions we took on share buyback were meant to reflect that we think we are undervalued and there's better total shareholder return ahead. And I think we're starting to see that show through in the marketplace.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Chris Parkinson from Mizuho Bank.
Chris Parkinson: Just very quickly on the free cash flow side, buyback activity is obviously robust to say the least, including the recent addition. Can you just give us a real quick update on your thoughts for uses for cash, '22 perhaps through 2024, just anything on CapEx, some of the growth investments you've been looking at, just anything else investors should really be considering?
James Fitterling: Sure. Howard, you want to take a walk through cash priorities?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. Look, in terms of our capital allocation framework, safely and reliably operate our plants is number one. So to do that, we have about $1.3 billion of turnaround expenses this year. Our CapEx is going to be around $2.2 billion to $2.3 billion this year from an organic investment. That's up from $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion last year. We're continuing to work on the 65% shareholder remuneration as a percentage of our operating net income. That's across the economic cycle.  But as you rightly point out, Chris, our share buyback continues to ramp. We did $400 million in the fourth quarter. We did $600 million in Q1, and of course, the new stock buyback announcement of $3 billion. We have about $700 million left on the current program, that will be done by midyear. And so then we'll have a significant amount of firepower left with that full $3 billion program on a go-forward basis.  And then we'll continue to look at incremental net debt. We still want to 2 to 2.5 rating agency adjusted net debt to EBITDA. So we still are looking at between maybe a $500 million and $1 billion net debt reduction before the end of the year. We'll see how the cash flow goes.  And I would say on the -- don't forget about the cash tailwinds. As Jim talked about in the prepared remarks, our cash flow yield is significantly above our peer group 50%, 5-0 percent above our peer group. It is 20% better than our next closest peer. And one of the reasons is everybody in Team Dow now has not just a P&L statement, but a balance sheet and a cash flow statement.  We're actively working on working capital improvements. Our working capital was improved by 3 to 4 days, depending on whether you're looking at same quarter last year or prior quarter. And then the unique-to-Dow tailwinds that we continue to work on. We've got more than $1 billion of unique-to-Dow cash tailwinds that we're working on still this year that haven't come through that should come through over the next 3 quarters.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Vincent Andrews, Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Just first, can we just clarify the comments you made on the polyethylene prices? I think you said you're expecting a $0.04 to $0.05 increase for 2Q. I just couldn't tell whether that was a global comment or how that compared versus the $0.14 that you have out for the next 2 months in the U.S?  And then my actual question is for Howard, just to talk about the pension. Just given if -- rates have already gone up a lot year-to-date and what with most expectations for what the Feds are going to do for the rest of the year, what does that do in terms of your pension? And what opportunities could that present for you to materially reduce that liability?
James Fitterling: Yes. So if you look, Vince, good question. If you look at our polyethylene numbers quarter-over-quarter, the IHS markers that are out there right now call for Americas to be up $0.05; Europe and Asia Pacific to be up $0.04; and the global weighted average to be up about $0.05.  Our current nominations that are out there in the marketplace today are $0.07 in the month of April and $0.07 in the month of May for North America; there's $0.07 on the table from Latin America, which is a carryover from late March; we've got EUR 400 in Europe; and we've got $0.05 in Asia Pacific. So those are the current nominations. So I would say, I think we're going to land somewhere between our nominations and where that IHS data is coming in. Days demand and inventory on PE inventory has decreased about 9%. U.S. and Canada, demand was strong in the first quarter. So that was part of the decrease. But the other part was a product that was sitting, waiting to be exported from the United States. And the export channel is moving better. It's not back to where it needs to be. But we're seeing weekly and monthly improvements in the export channel and that's helping us out. And we're starting to see that roll through in the inventory data.  And did I miss the second half of that question?
Howard Ungerleider: The second question was around pension. I can take that, if you want? So when you look at our underfunded pension, we ended the year last year -- that number has come down dramatically. It's come down $6 billion total since year-end 2020. At the end of last year was at $6 billion, that's pension plus OPEB all in. And just with the rate moves we've seen year-to-date, that $6 billion number is now lower by $2 billion.  So our total pension OPEB underfunding is $4 billion. It really only takes another maybe 75 basis points of rate increases and 1 more year of EROA for us to fully fund that gap. What we're doing is we have a methodical plan that as rates continue to move and as each pension plan gets to fully funded status, we are working to immunize each plan individually with the goal of not putting additional cash in to immunize. So that will depend on each country's rules and regulations. And obviously, the EROA and -- of each individual pension plan.  But over the next, I would say, 3 years, plus or minus, depending on how rates move from here and obviously, how the EROA does, we should be able to fully fund and fully immunize that plan. That's the path that we're working toward today.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Stephen Richardson, Evercore ISI.
Stephen Richardson: Jim, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about your outlook for U.S. natural gas. I appreciate all the discussion on feedstock and all the flexibility that Dow enjoys. We have seen a big move in the back of the forward curve, talk about accelerating LNG exports, some more global linkages at least seasonally. So curious, does that make you want to expand some of your joint ventures and some of your access further upstream? Or how is your outlook kind of changing as a big downstream consumer of domestic natural gas?
James Fitterling: Yes. Good question. Natural gas has been stubbornly high. It was higher than last year before the Russian-Ukraine incident and then obviously, then that drove it quite a bit higher. I would say the biggest issue behind natural gas pricing in the near term has been freeze-offs in the U.S. and the fact that we've not been back to the 98 Bcf a day that we need to produce at to get inventories back to the 5-year level. We've only been running about 95 Bcf per day, so we're about 3 Bcf a day short to get those inventories back to that level. Some of that has been due to freeze-offs through the winter and just not a big rebound.  But we're starting to see the production and the rigs shift into natural gas production. And what's going to happen, I think, is that natural gas production is going to come on faster than any LNG export capability. We're pretty well maxed out on LNG export capability today. So we'll -- if we can get these inventories back to the 5-year average levels by the fall, then I think you're going to see natural gas prices really come back into a more normal trading range.  In the medium term, I'd say they get back to $4 to $6, 1 million Btu longer term as those inventories get to that 5-year level, around $3, 1 million Btu. And then I think you'll see how many new export facilities get put up and also how much new import capability in Europe gets added to be able to decouple them from the Russian situation.  I think natural gas is going to see more investment and has a more positive outlook in the near term than oil. Oil has not had the investment for new capacity for the last several years. And if we were back to the level that oil needed to invest at today, we'd have to sustain that for a few years before we would see the oil supply come. I think the natural gas supply will come quicker. You'll see a response on natural gas in the 6 months to 12 months' time frame, not 2 to 3 years.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Kevin McCarthy from Vertical Research Partners.
Kevin McCarthy: Jim, if I look at Slide 8, where you provide some helpful detail on your various capital projects, a few of them relate to silicones. And so I was wondering if you could expand on your near-term and also longer-term outlook there in terms of supply demand and also educate us a bit on where you're adding capacity, how much, and the returns look awfully good at north of 20%. So curious to understand what kind of pricing you're embedding in that as well.
James Fitterling: Sure. We've got quite a bit of downstream silicone capacity coming on. A fair amount of it is in China. It's in a wide range of markets. It's in construction markets, in electronics and mobility, it's in personal care markets. Silicones is used in such a wide variety of applications. And those markets are all growing substantially. EVs use 2 to 3x more silicones than a traditional internal combustion engine vehicles and EVs' growth rates right now are relative. Year-over-year growth rates are super strong. So I think both return of internal combustion vehicle sales as the semiconductor chip issue is alleviated and the EV growth is going to really drive a lot of demand there.  Autonomous vehicles, 5G capabilities, all require more silicones. We have to eliminate the crosstalk in all those areas. And you've got to put up a lot more infrastructure in cities for 5G to support absolute continuous coverage in those areas. And that's really, really strong.  There are about 20 debottlenecking projects that are in those total projects. They're anything from new vulcanized products, lower viscosity fluids for personal care applications, all kinds of gels for EVs, electronics, mobile optics for automotive lighting. So think about the headlamps in a vehicle, not being polycarbonate anymore but being moldable optical silicone. Those are some of the biggest growth areas in that sector.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Mike Sison from Wells Fargo.
Michael Sison: Nice start to the year. Just curious, if you do happen to get sort of this $0.09 increase in the second quarter, yes, I think polyethylene prices will be back to October's peak. Where would integrated margins be if that was achieved? I understand energy costs clearly are higher now versus they were in October. So would you be close to the past peak margins? Or would you need to get more price increases to get there? And could you bifurcate that between North America and Europe?
James Fitterling: Yes. If we were to get $0.09, as you suggested, we'd probably be close to that peak in the Americas, maybe a little bit shy of that peak in Europe and a fair bit off of the peak in Asia Pacific. Asia Pacific has been under a lot of pressure because of the much higher cost. Their cash margins in Asia have been really, really slow. And you've seen a lot of turndown in rates in Asia.  But I would say, yes, on North America, you'd be back close to that peak, maybe a few cents below it and same with Europe. So I think you're looking at it the right way. If we were to get $0.09 -- the other way to look at it is if we were to get the whole $0.09, we would probably cover the turnaround costs in P&SP and that wouldn't be a drag on the quarter. That's not what we've got in the forecast, but it is possible that, that could happen.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Frank Mitsch from Fermium Research.
Frank Mitsch: And let me also offer my congrats on the 125. Jim, you just talked about some of the difficulties in Asia in terms of margins. And I was wondering if you could expand a little bit more on what you're seeing on the ground right now in terms of demand relative to the shutdowns that are going on with COVID zero in China? And how do you think that, that plays out?
James Fitterling: Demand has been relatively stable. I would say, we don't have as much of a footprint in plastics in China as we do in Performance Materials & Coatings, and we do in silicones, and we do in Industrial Solutions. And so for plastics, a lot of what we would move in would be from the U.S. Gulf Coast or obviously from our partners in the Middle East.  Having said that, our demand was still pretty strong year-over-year going into China. We're seeing a lot of accelerated turnaround activity right now in China. So you're seeing crackers not just in China, but in Southeast Asia and North Asia, lowering operating rates, you're seeing them take turnaround time now instead of just slowing rates and continuing to operate. We've seen a lot of pressure on coal to olefins and methanol to olefins. And so I think that will continue.  And obviously, I do believe that China is seeing some advantage of being able to buy feedstocks probably from Russian sources at discounted rates. So that may be helping a little bit, but it certainly isn't making them positive cash margins. And I think we're going to be in that kind of environment for the next couple of quarters.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Steve Byrne from Bank of America.
Stephen Byrne: I have a couple of energy-related questions for you. In Europe, do you have gas hedged? And any hedges that roll off to note here? And with respect to what Germany is mulling over, whether they cut off Russian gas and/or need to pay in rubles, how do you manage that risk? Is it a concern for you?  And then maybe one other energy-related question for you, Jim. You talked through the ambitious decarbonization targets and one of the projects is to try to develop these e-crackers. My question for you on that is, are you seeing some demand pull for greener sources of polyethylene that might enable you to sell those products at a higher price, i.e., do you think you can get a return on such projects like that?
James Fitterling: Yes. Good question, Steve. I would say, in general, on hedging and both in the United States as well as in Europe, we've increased our hedging positions on natural gas, just based on what we've seen over the last couple of quarters. And we moved those positions over time, whether it be oil or natural gas. And we've had higher positions on both over the last couple of years.  Our biggest move is just based on our usage and our usage of natural gas and other feedstocks is so ratable that, that physical demand that we create is where we play most with the hedging. So what we can do with physical positions, what we can do with feedstock flexibility around cracking probably is our biggest bang for the buck bottom line. And then the paper strip and the physical are the financial hedge is next after that.  When it comes to e-cracking, the biggest challenge on e-cracking right now is finding the right materials of construction to make an electric coil for a cracker furnace that can withstand the heat that you need to be able to crack hydrocarbons and have any kind of life. And so I would say before we start thinking about what the return on that will be, we've got to just see if we can get the materials of construction right and be able to have a furnace coil that will have any kind of life to it at all and that can operate at a high operating rate and have good reliability over a long period of time.  And that's the biggest proof point on this pilot project. And then we can work ourselves into do we have the renewable energy at the right cost to be able to make that happen. We're doing that work in the Netherlands. I think it's important to note that the Netherlands has 6 new nuclear plants on their long-term plan. And I think that's a great sign in terms of what they see in terms of the need to basically decouple. They're going to have to rely a lot more on nuclear power to have high reliability, low-cost power. And that's going to be especially important for our industry as we move forward. And we need to look at that same thing. We're looking at that here in the U.S. in terms of small modular nuclear reactors.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Josh Spector from UBS.
Joshua Spector: Just want to follow up. From your release, you guys talked about functional polymer pricing was up, while commodity polyethylene pricing was down. So I'd be just curious, is that normal that you would see that kind of divergence? And if you can give us some perspective of what that spread is today on that functional polymer over commodity. Is that higher or lower than where you would say it's been on average? And where do you see that going?
James Fitterling: Yes, that's a good question. About 25% of our product mix is in the functional polymers when you look at P&SP downstream. Typically, the way you would think about functional polymers is they would typically hold their price through the cycle. They typically have less price dynamic movement compared to the commodity side of the business. But they're up quite a bit this quarter, and I would say that's because demand has been strong on the downstream for them and there hasn't been a lot of new capacity added there.  So just a tighter supply/demand balance on some of those functional polymers than we've seen. And I think some of that will continue because some of the markets that they go into are infrastructure-related. They can go into wiring cable markets, they can go into things like geomembranes and roofing for commercial buildings.  And so as you see more infrastructure-related projects, I think you're going to see that strong demand last longer here for functional polymers and that will probably keep the prices of those materials up. Also some higher input costs for some of the monomers to make functional polymers is going to have to pass through as well.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Arun Viswanathan from RBC Capital Markets.
Arun Viswanathan: So I guess, two questions real quickly. So could you just give us a quick outlook on MDI? And then also maybe if you could discuss the certain situation that you see as far as inventories in polyethylene. We know that there's some tied up in supply chain, but do you see that alleviating over the next couple of months?
James Fitterling: Yes. Look, good question, Arun. On MDI, the balances through 2026 are pretty good. Demand looks like it's going to continue to outpace supply through 2026. So I think that continues to be positive for MDI.  On polyethylene, as I mentioned, in the Gulf Coast -- in the U.S. Gulf Coast, we've seen inventories come down. Inventories were down in March by about 200 million pounds and days of demand decreased by about 9%. So it's about 46 days of demand, and that's pretty -- if I looked at all of last year, they probably ran around 45 days all of last year. So I'd say pretty normal. And that is with still some congestion in the ports for the export channel.  So I would say supply challenges will still put upward pressure about 3 to 4 days on DDI. And half of that's due to third-party congestion and the other half is inventories that were built to cover turnaround season in second quarter, which is typically the heaviest turnaround season.  Based on the way things are moving, every month, we're seeing a little bit better export flows out of the Gulf Coast. So I think if we can keep steady improvement through the year, hopefully, we can get back to a more normal kind of predictable rate by the end of this year.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Aleksey Yefremov from KeyBanc.
Aleksey Yefremov: I had a question on the LNG import terminal in Europe. I think, in general, you've been selling midstream energy assets. Is this one an exception because it's so strategic? Or could you, in the long run, also maybe monetize this one?
James Fitterling: Well, that's a good question. I think it's unlikely that we get into it just to monetize it. Our contribution -- and remember, our equity interest here is relatively low. We stepped in and made a contribution of land and access to our infrastructure services for the site in Stade. And those of you who are not familiar, Stade is about 40 minutes upstream from Hamburg on the Elbe River.  And we've got the capability. We've got our own port there, and we've got the capability to have a birth for an LNG ship to land in there. And so by contributing that land, we take an equity position in that Hanseatic Energy Hub. They've got plans to build the new terminal by 2026. They're going through the approvals right now. If they can get that done, that will satisfy 15% of Germany's natural gas demand. And so that will really help Germany have a second source of supply to the Russians. And that's very strategic, and I think that's important for the country.  So that's the reason we got into it to make it happen. We're not far enough along yet to get into what the offtake agreements are, but we will provide utilities. We'll provide cooling and other things to be able to help them make that a zero carbon emissions hub.  And I'm glad we were in a position to be able to do it. There's been some talk about building an LNG import facility in Germany for some time, but we were at the point where we were not sure whether Stade would still be on the table. And this came together relatively quickly after the Russia-Ukraine situation. And I'm really happy that the team was able to move in fast and put a stake in the ground on this.
Operator: Thank you. That is all we have time for today. I will now pass the call back to your host, Mr. Pankaj Gupta for closing remarks.
Pankaj Gupta: Thank you, Emma, and thanks, everyone, for joining our call. We appreciate your interest in Dow. And for your reference, a copy of our transcript will be posted on Dow's website within approximately 24 hours or so. This concludes our call. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today's conference. You may now all disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-27 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Dow's Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Also, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to hand the call over to Pankaj Gupta. Please go ahead, sir.
Pankaj Gupta: Good morning. Thank you for joining Dow's fourth quarter earnings call. This call is available via webcast, and we have prepared slides to supplement our comments today. They are posted on the Investor Relations section of Dow's website and through the link to our webcast. I'm Pankaj Gupta, Dow Investor Relations Vice President, and joining me today on the call are Jim Fitterling, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Howard Ungerleider, President and Chief Financial Officer. Please read the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the earnings news release and slides. During our call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations or predictions about the future. Because these statements are based on current assumptions and factors that involve risks and uncertainties, our actual performance and results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Dow's Forms 10-Q and 10-K include detailed discussions of principal risks and uncertainties which may cause such differences. Unless otherwise specified, all financials, where applicable, exclude significant items. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures is contained in the Dow earnings release, in the slides that supplement our comments today as well as on the Dow website. On slide 2, you will see our agenda for the call. Jim will begin by reviewing our fourth quarter and full year highlights and operating segment performance; Howard will then share our outlook and modeling guidance; and then Jim will discuss how we will continue to execute on our priorities to deliver value growth. Following that, we will take your questions. Now, let me turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Fitterling: Thank you, Pankaj. Beginning with slide 3, in the fourth quarter, Dow once again delivered top and bottom line growth year-over-year with sales growth and margin expansion in every operating segment. Our results reflect the strength and resilience of our advantaged portfolio and the incredible efforts of the Dow team as we continue to ensure well-being and safety of our team and our communities. We delivered year-over-year sales growth of 34%, with gains in every operating segment, business and region. While volume declined 4% year-over-year due to supply constraints from several factors, including our own maintenance, lingering effects of weather-related outages and global logistics challenges, we continue to see robust underlying demand across our end markets, particularly for higher-margin downstream and sustainability-led applications. Prices were up 39% year-over-year, reflecting gains in all operating segments, businesses and regions. Our discipline and agility enabled us to navigate the supply constraints and logistics challenges I just mentioned, dual control actions in China and rising energy costs. We delivered operating EBIT growth of $1.2 billion year-over-year, with margin expansion in every operating segment. Equity earnings were also up year-over-year with margin expansion at our joint ventures in Saudi Arabia, Thailand and Kuwait. These results translated into significant cash generation for the quarter, with cash flow from operations of $2.6 billion, up $901 million year-over-year and cash flow conversion of 88%. And we returned $912 million to shareholders in the quarter, including $512 million through our industry-leading dividend and $400 million in share repurchases. Our performance in the fourth quarter capped a record year for Dow, which you will see highlighted on slide 4. In 2021, Team Dow capitalized on the economic recovery, achieving record sales and earnings performance despite pandemic-driven uncertainty and industry-wide weather-related challenges. Our focus on cash flow and disciplined capital allocation enabled us to continue to deliver on our financial priorities. We achieved $7.1 billion of cash flow from operations, bringing our total cash flow from operations since spin to $18 billion. We enhanced our balance sheet by reducing gross debt by another $2.4 billion in the year, bringing down gross debt by more than $5 billion since spin. We have also no substantive debt maturities until 2026. We proactively funded our U.S. pension plan, and successfully executed Sadara's debt reprofiling, lowering Dow's guarantees by more than $2 billion. Dow has returned a total of $7.3 billion to shareholders since spin through our dividend and share repurchases, including $3.1 billion in 2021. And we kept CapEx well within DNA as we continued to invest in our higher return and faster payback growth investments. In 2021, we achieved a return on invested capital of greater than 22% on strong earnings growth. As we turn the corner on the pandemic, we do so with a strong balance sheet and a deliberate and disciplined strategy to decarbonize and grow. We achieved this record financial performance in 2021 while advancing our ESG leadership. Importantly, we announced our disciplined strategy to decarbonize our assets, while improving underlying EBITDA by more than $3 billion as we capitalize on our participation in attractive, high-growth end markets and sustainability-driven solutions. Our ESG efforts continue to be recognized externally as we were recently recognized by JUST Capital for the third year. Dow earns a top spot in the chemicals sector overall as well as the number one position in the workers and stakeholders in governance categories in the industry. I'm extremely proud of Team Down's dedication to deliver for our customers and drive value for all of our stakeholders. We will build on these achievements in 2022 as we advance our ambition. Moving to our operating segment performance for the fourth quarter on slide 5. In the Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment, Operating EBIT was $1.4 billion, up $662 million year-over-year, primarily due to margin improvement and partly offset by lower supply volumes. Sequentially, operating EBIT was down $512 million and operating EBIT margins declined by 520 basis points on lower olefin and co-product pricing combined with higher raw material costs and energy costs. The Packaging & Specialty Plastics business reported higher net sales year-over-year, driven by price gains in all regions as well as in key applications such as flexible food, industrial and consumer packaging. Volume declined year-over-year, primarily in Asia Pacific due to supply constraints. Moving to the Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure segment, operating EBIT was $595 million, up $299 million year-over-year, primarily due to continued price strength. Sequentially, operating EBIT was down $118 million and operating EBIT margins declined 280 basis points, primarily driven by higher energy costs in Europe and our planned maintenance turnaround activity. The Polyurethanes & Construction Chemicals business increased net sales compared to the year ago period on broad-based price gains in all regions. Volume declines were primarily due to a planned transition away from a low-margin coproducer contract and our planned maintenance turnaround activity. The Industrial Solutions business delivered a net sales improvement compared to the year ago period with local price gains in all regions. Volume was flat year-over-year as higher volume from a renewable energy contract was offset by fewer licensing and catalyst sales. And finally, the Performance Materials & Coatings segment reported operating EBIT of $295 million compared to $50 million in the year ago period, as margins increased 900 basis points due to strong price momentum for silicones and coatings offerings. Sequentially, operating EBIT improved $11 million as price gains were partly offset by our planned maintenance turnaround activity. The Consumer Solutions business achieved higher net sales year-over-year with local price gains in all regions and across end market applications. Volume declined as strong demand, particularly for industrial, electronics and personal care applications, was offset by lower supply availability due to our own decision to pull forward maintenance activity to coincide with dual-control actions in China. The Coatings & Performance Monomers business achieved increased net sales year-over-year as higher raw material costs and strong industry demand led to price gains in all regions. Volume declined as stronger demand for architectural coatings and industrial coatings, primarily in the U.S. and Canada was more than offset by lower merchant sales of acrylic monomers partly due to Dow's own higher captive use. I'll now turn it over to Howard to review our outlook and modeling guidance.
Howard Ungerleider: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Turning to slide 6. Our diversified portfolio continues to enable us to capitalize on attractive end market trends with higher-margin downstream products. Our four primary market verticals are each growing at rates of 1.3 to 1.5 times GDP and benefiting from sustainability macro trends. We are meeting this demand with higher-margin solutions such as functional polymers, alkoxylates, surfactants, polyurethane systems, sustainable coatings and performance silicones. In the packaging vertical, demand for lower carbon emissions recyclable and circular materials are driving demand for Dow's industry-leading plastics portfolio and in-house application design capabilities. Dow's broad suite of products and hybrid innovations targeting infrastructure will continue to benefit from government investments and incentives, with particular demand resiliency in the Americas, Europe as well as in the Middle East, Africa and India. We see global demand across the diverse consumer market vertical remaining at elevated levels, particularly for applications like electronics, 5G, appliances, pharma and home care, where several of Dow's growth investments are targeted. And in mobility, Dow's portfolio of specialty silicones, polyurethanes and elastomers is uniquely positioned to benefit from growing electric and autonomous vehicle trends. Importantly, these attractive market verticals are supported by favorable balances across our key value chains with continued strength across consumer and industrial end markets, which we'll see on slide 7. We expect the economic recovery to continue as forecasts call for above historical average global GDP growth in 2022. While the Omicron variant has resulted in some near-term disruption, we do not expect it to materially change the current recovery path, particularly as global immunization levels and treatment options continue to increase. Several factors support continued strength across our end markets. Consumer balance sheets remain healthy, with significant pent-up demand driven by more than $5 trillion in additional savings accumulated through the pandemic. Manufacturing growth is expected to remain robust, supported by increasing investments in infrastructure and accelerated adoption for 5G, EV and sustainability trends. And with retail inventories remaining low and backlogs elevated, easing supply chain issues should unleash additional volume growth in 2022 as manufacturing activity increases to meet strong consumer demand. This will certainly be a focus for Dow as we work closely with our customers to fill order backlogs and replenish inventories to meet the robust demand and increase service levels. Turning to slide 8, in the first quarter, we expect these demand trends to drive growth, particularly following the Chinese Lunar New Year. Demand remains resilient in Packaging & Specialty Plastics. Although domestic polyethylene supply improved through the fourth quarter, comonomer supply remains constrained and trade sources are predicting another year of higher-than-average turnaround activity. These factors, coupled with improvements in shipping logistics that will help meet demand in the export market, are leading to more constructive supply and demand balances domestically. Equity earnings are expected to be lower sequentially due to rising feedstock costs impacting Asian olefin margins, and we anticipate higher raw material and energy costs, particularly in Europe and Asia. Altogether, we anticipate an approximately $200 million impact versus the prior quarter for this segment. Utilizing our best-in-class feedstock flexibility and our differentiated portfolio, Dow will continue to be agile to mitigate potential volatility and meet demand. In Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure, strong demand for our high-value materials in appliances, construction, pharma, home care and energy applications, combined with tight supply and increased global infrastructure investment are supporting a constructive demand outlook. We anticipate approximately a $100 million benefit in this segment from completed turnarounds in the fourth quarter, including Sadara's isocyanate facility and several in our core polyurethane business. And we expect the elevated energy costs in Europe will be a $75 million impact versus the prior quarter for this segment. In Performance Materials & Coatings, increasing industrial activity and consumer demand for electronics and construction continues to outpace supply for our differentiated silicone products. The industry also anticipates resilient demand for architectural coatings as rebuilding from low inventory levels in preparation for the Northern Hemisphere spring and summer months. The completion of our turnaround in the fourth quarter at our siloxane facility in China will allow us to take advantage of tight global market conditions as silicon metal supplies improve and energy curtailments in China continue to ease. We will also be executing a turnaround at our methacrylates facility in Deer Park. All in, we expect a $25 million net tailwind versus the prior quarter from turnarounds for this segment. Turning to the full year. We're continuing to provide our best estimates of several income statement and cash flow drivers. Notably, we expect lower equity earnings sequentially due to margin compression versus the tighter conditions in 2021, particularly in Asia as oil remains constructive, putting upward pressure on the naphtha-based feedstock costs in the region. Total turnaround spending for the year will be up approximately $100 million versus 2021 as we have another heavy turnaround year with three crackers slated for maintenance activity and increased inflationary pressure on materials and labor. Net interest expense is expected to be approximately $600 million, benefiting from our proactive deleveraging actions since spin. For cash flow, we anticipate higher joint venture dividends from increased earnings in 2021 and a $1 billion tailwind toward pension-related items following our actions last year. Continued investment in our digital initiatives will drive efficiency and enable us to achieve our $300 million EBITDA run rate on the program by 2025. We will also complete the spending portion of our restructuring program which is now delivering the full $300 million EBITDA run rate as we enter 2022. And finally, as we highlighted at our Investor Day, we anticipate increasing our capital expenditures to $2.2 billion, well within our DNA target as we continue to advance our higher return, faster payback projects and execute on our decarbonize and grow strategy. Overall, the macroeconomic backdrop remains favorable in 2022, and Dow is well positioned due to our global footprint, feedstock flexibility, productivity programs and sustainable solutions for our customers. We will continue to leverage these advantages as we navigate higher oil prices and continue to deal with inflation and logistics challenges. And as the year progresses, we intend to drive operating rates and service levels higher and do expect widening oil to gas spreads. With that, I'll turn it back to Jim.
Jim Fitterling: Thank you, Howard. Turning to slide 10. At our Investor Day in October, we laid out our disciplined strategy to decarbonize and grow the Company, supported by a series of in-flight earnings growth programs that will drive over $3 billion in underlying EBITDA growth. In 2022, our capital and operating investments are on track to deliver $200 million to $300 million in run rate EBITDA and will serve higher-margin, differentiated applications where demand is accelerating as customers work to reduce their own carbon footprint. In Packaging & Specialty Plastics, our Fort Saskatchewan expansion completed last year will deliver a full year of earnings growth to support increasing polyethylene demand. And our FCDh pilot plant in Louisiana will start up this year to produce propylene for coatings, electronics and durables end markets. Notably, the technology enables lower CapEx, OpEx and CO2 emissions compared to conventional PDH technologies. These projects serve faster growing, more sustainable market segments such as renewables to drive lower carbon emissions for our customers. For example, our endurance compounds for cable systems support next-generation, longer life, and lower carbon emissions infrastructure, including on and offshore wind farms by reducing the cable manufacturing carbon emissions footprint by 80%. And our ENGAGE elastomers deliver 35% improved performance and efficiency for solar photovoltaic applications. In Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure, our alkoxylates and PU systems expansion projects are closely linked with brand owner demand for higher value, differentiated downstream applications across home and consumer care, agricultural and infrastructure end markets. For example, our surfactants offer an improved environmental profile for leading brand owner laundry and home care products. And our polyurethane system PASCAL technology enables up to 10% greater energy efficiency and appliances without raising manufacturing costs. In Performance Materials & Coatings, we're expanding capacity in formulated solutions for coatings and silicones through incremental debottlenecking projects. Our products enable higher performing, more sustainable solutions, targeting mobility, consumer and infrastructure end markets. For example, FASTRACK coatings enable autonomous mobility infrastructure and have approximately 45% lower greenhouse gas emissions. And our DOWSIL technology enables higher density, lower-cost battery packs for the fast-growing electric vehicle market. Finally, as Howard mentioned, our restructuring program and digital investment will continue to support our low-cost operating model and top quartile cost structure. Turning to slide 11, the increasing demand for sustainable products represents a significant growth opportunity for Dow with attractive pricing that will support longer term higher quality earnings. Our customers are looking for opportunities to enhance their sustainability, and we are meeting those needs with lower carbon emissions solutions beginning with our own operations. Our Alberta project will decarbonize approximately 20% of Dow's global ethylene capacity while growing our global polyethylene supply by about 15%. We are also working with our suppliers to reduce our scope 3 carbon emissions. To date, we have more than 150 supplier agreements in place and have adopted third-party frameworks like CDP, together for sustainability and EcoVadis to drive tangible improvements in environmental performance along the value chain. We continue to advance a circular economy for plastics and see a consistent trend across our brand owner customer base toward redesigning packages to be recyclable and incorporating 30% post-consumer recycled content in their packaging by 2030. Six of our largest sites have now received International Sustainability and Carbon Certification Plus recognition for tracking the use of sustainable feedstocks. We're advancing our partnership with Mura technology to scale advanced recycling solutions and secure circular product supply. Mura broke ground on the new plant with an expected startup around the end of the year. Earlier this month, we announced an investment in Mr. Green Africa, the first recycling company in Africa to be a certified B Corporation, which includes socially responsible waste collection and plans to codevelop new flexible plastic packaging that will enable more sustainable packaging solutions. A first of its kind investment for Dow in Africa, this business model will be scaled to other developing regions around the world. We continue to grow our recyclable offerings, recently doubling sales with Chinese laundry brand, Liby, and increasing our addressable market opportunities. And like the partnerships, Dow recently announced to source pyrolysis oil from Gunvor and New Hope Energy. These investments in circularity are examples of our progress and solid foundation as we grow and scale circular solutions. To close on slide 12, 2021 was an outstanding year for Team Dow. We delivered record financial performance and continued our disciplined execution of our strategic priorities. Building on this foundation, we're focused on advancing our plan to decarbonize our assets and grow earnings. Our competitive advantage enables us to meet the increasing needs of our customers and consumers who are demanding more circular and sustainable products while we work to achieve zero carbon emissions in our own operations. And as we look ahead, our priorities remain consistent. Our focus on profitable growth, while maintaining a low-cost position and best owner mindset, will enable us to deliver on our earnings growth levers. We'll continue to maintain our balanced and disciplined approach to capital allocation, driving higher returns for the Company and our shareholders while retaining the financial flexibility that has served us well. And we'll continue to advance our leadership in ESG with a clear path to achieve our zero carbon circularity and sustainability targets. The world and our customers are demanding a more sustainable future. As we execute our ambition, I am confident that we will create significant long-term value for all of our stakeholders. With that, I'll turn it over to Pankaj to open up the Q&A.
Pankaj Gupta: Thank you, Jim. Now, let's move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from David Begleiter of Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Jim and Howard, it looks like there's some recent stability or even strength in polyethylene. What are your assumptions for polyethylene prices over the next couple of months? Could we actually see a price increase maybe in February, given some higher oil prices and better demand and balances here?
Jim Fitterling: Our view, as we go into the quarter, we had two increases out in the market, plus 4, plus 4. And I think those will look like they're going to line up for February and for March. As we ended the year, we were a little bit constrained on volume really due to some unplanned events of our own, both the hurricane as well as the situation we had in Terneuzen. Otherwise, December was the best marine pack cargo month for exports that we've had since last March, still not back to where we'd like it to be but I think we see signs of gradual improvement, and the team is working hard to stay on top of that. And I think that's why you see the Asia volume number down in the fourth quarter was we just backed off of those exports in the fourth quarter.
Operator: We will move on to our next question from Hassan Ahmed of Alembic Global.
Hassan Ahmed: Just wanted to sort of get your views on the Q1 guidance that you guys have given. If I'm running my numbers correctly, it seems you guys, with some of the tailwinds and headwinds that you talk about, you're guiding to around $2.8 billion in EBITDA for Q1 '22. And correct me if I'm wrong, it seems to me that that does not factor in the sort of polyethylene price hikes that you talked about, the 4 plus 4. Is that a fair assumption?
Jim Fitterling: Let me have Howard walk through the guidance and then we can comment a little bit more on the market outlook for Q1.
Howard Ungerleider: Sure. Good morning, Hassan. Look, I think your number or your estimate is reasonable when you look at all the moving parts. And the way I would think about it is, look, we're going to see about $275 million likely of margin moderation sequentially from Q4 to Q1. And then the net turnaround is actually a tailwind from Q4 to Q1 of about $125 million. So, those are the big moving parts.
Jim Fitterling: And I'd say, Hassan, it's possible that margins could open up. Obviously, our view on oil is very constructive because as you look at the market, demand has been better than anybody anticipated for oil. And because of the investments being so low in oil and gas production in the last three years, it takes supply time to catch up. So, when you look at the spare available capacity for oil, that number is relatively low. And as this demand grows, that shrinking spare available capacity number means the market moves up pretty dramatically, and that opens up the spreads. Meanwhile, LNG is obviously driving natural gas production. I think in the United States, as we get through winter, we're going to see prices come down to like the 2.75 a million Btu range. That will mean a pretty good oil to gas spread here and plenty of available ethane for the market.
Operator: We will now move on to our next question from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Wondering if you could talk about the Asian polyethylene market, just where we continue to see negative margins. And I assume some of that is just that the raw material costs have moved faster than pricing. But is your anticipation that we'll see those margins neutralize at least through higher prices, or should we anticipate that we'll see some reduction in production there? And I guess I asked that in particular because you're referencing increased export capability coming out of the U.S. I'm just trying to put all of that together. Thanks.
Jim Fitterling: Asia has been underwater because of the rise, obviously, in naphtha prices and the narrow margins there. I'd also say a slow start to the year. We've got Chinese New Year ahead of us here the 1st of February. And I think we're watching closely as we come out. We've seen some rate reductions at some Asian producers that are higher cost. That's what we would expect to see. And obviously, when coal ramped up and LNG ramped up, CTO and MTO down. So, as we come out of Chinese New Year watching closely on both polyethylene as well as ethylene glycol and what happens to the market. EG has come off a little bit from the fourth quarter, not terribly dramatic, but it's down more than $100 a ton. And the demand coming out of Chinese New Year will be something we keep an eye on. Now that's good for us. Obviously, with our footprint and our advantaged cost positions here, we just have to continue to improve on these marine pack cargo shipments and get those numbers moving up to take advantage of that arbitrage with Asia.
Operator: We will now move on to our next question from Jeff Zekauskas of JP Morgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: In your modeling guidance for '22, you say that your share count is 745 million. Isn't your share count today, I don't know, 743 million, and aren't you buying back shares at 6 ,, or 7 million a quarter? Shouldn't your share count be, I don't know, 735 million or 730 million for modeling purposes for 2022? And secondly, how are your VAM operations in the United States? Are they back to normal running at full capacity or are there still issues?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Jeff. Let me ask Howard to walk through the share count and the modeling guidance data.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, sure. Good morning, Jeff. I would say, look, our guidance is for flat because we're focused on making sure we cover dilution. With that said, we're going to continue to be opportunistic. We bought $400 million worth in the fourth quarter. Our expectation is that we will do that same rough amount in the first quarter. Don't forget the way as you're doing your math, you've got to think about where the stock price is because that will obviously impact the number of shares that we can buy, increased exercise of options as the share price hopefully continues to move up. And then also, the averaging effect, right, because that will impact the number as well. So, that's why we say, look, 745 million is a good number. Could it be slightly lower than that by the end of the quarter? It could be.
Jim Fitterling: And back to your question, Jeff, on asset utilization, we've seen -- obviously, we saw some impact in the fourth quarter from weather-related outages and constraints. But as we start the first quarter, I think everything's come back to normal on operating rates. So, we've been running pretty strong in the Gulf Coast, strong as we have for a long time, and that's a nice sign going into the first quarter.
Operator: We will now move on to our next question from Frank Mitsch of Fermium Research.
Frank Mitsch: Nice end to the year. You referenced the Terneuzen outage. I was wondering if you could talk about your operating rates overall in the P&SP segment in the quarter and then also versus the year. And I believe, Howard, during your comments, you also mentioned that you anticipate higher operating rates in 2022. If you could expand upon that that would be great. Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Good morning, Frank. P&SP in the segment, obviously, was down a bit in the fourth quarter from what we had been running throughout the year. It was down about 5%. And so, that really hit us. And if you think about fourth quarter, fourth quarter could have probably been about $150 million better have we not had those outages. So, we're running at much better rates right now. The Gulf -- our outlook for rates for the year on ethylene and all the ethylene derivatives is north of 87%. We kind of see that as the low watermark, and that's the way things are running right now, really strong. And then Terneuzen's back, one of the crackers has been back since the beginning of the year. The other one is in the startup phase right now. And so, we'll be back out of that situation. Any other comments on operating rate, Howard?
Howard Ungerleider: The only other thing maybe to add, Frank, is remember when you think about year-on-year for full year '22 versus '21. Last year, we had the winter storm. That knocked out the -- that knocked out all of Texas basically for the industry for about 30 days, and then we also had the two hurricanes. So, we obviously can't predict what weather events or what unplanned events are going to happen. But certainly, it feels like last year was above normal.
Jim Fitterling: Normal amount of capacity offline for the year. So, typically planned downtime year-to-year will be about the same. We have three cracker turnarounds, the three crackers that are there means about the same amount of outage time. Our expectations on growth, global GDP, 4% to 4.5%; U.S. 4; China, 5 to 6, translates really for us at 1.5 times GDP and about 6% year-over-year volume growth. That's what we're targeting for and that's what we're running for. We want to try to obviously also get some inventories back up and service levels back for our customers, trying to get back to kind of a normal cadence that they can expect and better availability and reliability for them.
Operator: We will now move on to our next question from John Roberts of UBS.
John Roberts: The downstream coating customers are obviously struggling with raw materials, and it looks like you made some changes to your acrylic mix as well. When do you think the supply chains and coatings sort of get back to a steady state where things aren't shuffling around?
Jim Fitterling: They are gradually improving. I would say the one thing in coatings that's a little bit different than some of our other chains, there are quite a few small ingredients that go into that coatings chain. So, third-party suppliers, even that supply through us from day to day, we still see some disruptions on third-party supply and materials. We've got a turnaround right now in the first quarter for Deer Park, but that's planned and then we'll be running hard. We ran really hard in fourth quarter. I think we picked up some ground in fourth quarter, and we're able to help some things out. We've been using more of our own acrylate monomers in our captive business. So that's kind of constrained monomers a bit. But my expectation is with the strong contractor demand for housing architecture, do-it-yourself is still holding up really well and housing starts. I mean you saw the December housing starts number was up 11.9% in North America, which was well above what people expected with rents increasing and the ability to buy or build, being there and some of the materials cost coming off. I think we're going to see a good housing season in North America, and that's going to drive some good business for us.
Operator: We'll move on to our next question from Mike Sison of Wells Fargo.
Mike Sison: Nice end of the year. Just curious, industry consultants still look for a lot of capacity coming on in -- globally this year, 8 million plus. And you guys tend to have a better view on what realistically could come on. So just any thoughts on sort of the outlook for new capacity, and how much of that could be absorbed this year, given -- it seems like the outlook demand for polyethylene remains really strong.
Jim Fitterling: Yes. The demand is very strong. And welcome, Mike, Thank for being here. For every 1% of GDP growth in the marketplace, you need 2 to 3 world-scale polyethylene plants to come on line and our expectation is that is not going to change. We see strong demand across all the sectors for plastics products. And so, that's what's driving it. I would say, we have very good line of sight to the projects and the timing of the projects. And most of them are going to start coming on second quarter midyear impact. And so, I think the market growth is going to help moderate some of that. I think our expectations on operating rates are 2 to 3 percentage points higher than what the industry is expecting on polyethylene, and plastics is typically running a bit heavier than that. So, my outlook is you've got 4 million tons that are coming in North America. About half of that is destined for the export market. So, that's why we're trying to keep an eye on marine pack cargo and the export shipments. About 50% of the global PE capacity adds between now and 2025 are coming on in high-cost regions. Naphtha, which is the most of that and a little bit of CTO and MTO capacity. About 60% of all global polyethylene capacity adds through 2025 are in Northeast Asia. So, I think with the advantage being in Canada, U.S., Argentina, Middle East to places that have really good structural low-cost ethane positions, we're going to be in a good space and operating rates are going to be very high.
Operator: We'll now move on to our next question from Bob Koort of Goldman Sachs.
Bob Koort: Maybe along the same lines, Jim, I was curious it looked like maybe polyethylene exports were down 15% or 20% in total in '21 from the U.S. as a result of those production issues. And I guess by our reckoning, production might be up as much as 15% in '22. You mentioned the Asian crackers are maybe curtailing a bit. Where is all the extra polyethylene going to get sent relative to what you saw in the export arena in '21, do you think?
Jim Fitterling: I do think we're going to see a rebound from all that offline capacity. As Howard said, it's unpredictable, right? I mean, a weather event can take some offline. But the amount offline due to unplanned events, weather-related events last year was probably double what we would normally see. And that Texas freeze had a lot of knock-on impacts that are hurting. I think, yes, we're seeing movement into all the markets. We've seen India come back relatively strong, which has been a good positive. And I think after the Chinese New Year, we'll watch China coming back. We're seeing good steady improvements in marine pack cargo. We need to keep ramping those rates up. And I think as we navigate through Omicron and we'd start to see less of an impact on the labor force, we'll see those numbers loosen up. And so, that's why we're looking for the higher operating rates and the 6% volume growth coming out of the machine this year. I think global -- I'm not pessimistic about inflation killing demand. Honestly, inflation has always been a positive for our business, and over the last 30 years, when the Fed raises interest rates, that typically tends to drive outperformance in our sector versus the other sectors. And so, I think commodities pull is very strong right now, whether it's in petrochemicals or whether it's in minerals and mining for all of the things that we need for EVs and alternative energy.
Operator: We will now move on to our next question from Steve Byrne of Bank of America.
Steve Byrne: Jim, you have some pretty ambitious sustainability goals on your slide 11. And when you look across all your businesses across the three segments, what would you estimate the fraction of those customers that are asking you for a more sustainable product? And then if you drill into that, do they want your product to have been derived from some recycled material, or do they just simply want their product to be recyclable or does it go even further in that, they want your product to be derived from a renewable feedstock or a low-carbon feedstock?
Jim Fitterling: Yes. No, it's a great question, Steve. And this is an area that's rapidly changing. I would say on the brand owner segment, the brand owners pull a lot through the packaging. So, brand owners can be brands that you buy for food or for personal care items, could be medical care, and other types of applications as well. All the brand owners are asking us for more post-consumer recycled content. And obviously, the quality needs to be good. And that's why the discussion around advanced recycling is so strong, and we're making progress getting more and more acceptance of advanced recycling. I think our view is as we go into high-value applications, that is going to be the way that we tackle this. Mechanical recycling will still be there but in those cases, I think you're going to see more mechanical recycling into more durable type applications, different end markets. We see the same trend in silicones, silicones especially in Personal Care, we see the trend in automotive, all the automotive OEMs and manufacturers are looking for to be able to make claims on sustainability on their products. That even goes into polyurethanes for seating and cushioning. And so, the project we announced last year in France were full recycle of polyurethane foams strong demand for those in the automotive sector. Now, the supply is not there yet. And they all want more supply faster and supply challenges making sure that that's all cost competitive. And they just don't have a blank check to write for these materials. It is going to be more expensive than virgin materials. And I think they're all getting their heads wrapped around that. Just like the whole discussion we're having now about focus too much towards renewable energy really drives up the energy cost for the whole complex. And so, that's a big debate right now, and that's why we're very-disciplined about our approach and making bets that we think will be low cost in that future and also will be the quality that customers need for their end product.
Operator: We will now move on to our next question from Kevin McCarthy of Vertical Research Partners.
Kevin McCarthy: Jim, I was wondering if you could expand on your outlook for volume growth. I think you indicated a target or projection of 6% growth, just quite a bit above the minus 4% that we saw in the fourth quarter. You touched on supply constraints, maintenance turnarounds and dual control actions in China. Is it the case that fourth quarter was unduly depressed by these sort of fleeting or temporary effects, such that will come back quickly to 6%? And if so, might that happen as soon as the first quarter, or do you think that takes longer or more patience as the year progresses?
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Good morning, Kevin. It's a very good question, and we will ramp into this as we go through the year. Think about it this way. It was this time last year, I think it was February last year that we had the freeze in Texas. It took pretty much the whole state of Texas down. A lot of capacity came out. And we -- by March, we were back and we ran hard through the month of March. What happened during that time was inventories got depleted pretty much through the chain. And then, we had a very strong second and third quarter. So there wasn't a chance to really rebuild any inventories. We had an October hurricane, again, pressure on inventories, and then we had logistics constraints all through the year. In fact, March was our best marine pack cargo exports after the freeze. And December was the best month we've had since March. So, it took that long to really kind of scale back out of it. So gradually, we're seeing improvement month by month on marine pack cargo exports. We were constrained by the fact that there if you had inventory, it might not have been in the right grade for a customer. We are constrained a little bit by comonomers. Comonomer is very tight for the higher alpha olefins sector, and we're constrained by logistics. And so that's -- and the Terneuzen situation than in Europe, obviously put a curtailment on taking orders in the fourth quarter. So, I think that's a bit of an anomaly and that was specific to those issues. But I think the underlying demand growth is still there, and the order book is still strong.
Operator: We will now move on to our next question from John McNulty of BMO Capital Markets.
John McNulty: So, I guess maybe two related things. On the supply chain impact that you guys had in terms of the hit to volumes in the quarter, can you help us to understand what that was? And then, maybe a little bit more broadly, when you think about the really tight freight and logistics markets right now and the impact that they're having on some of these very wide arbs, I guess, how are you thinking about how that plays out as we look through the rest of 2022?
Jim Fitterling: I think, a good proxy for the supply chain impact would be to look at the Asia volumes year-over-year, and that will give you a good -- because we had a strong fourth quarter last year. And so, that would give you a good indication on the age of volumes. So, if you look at our fourth quarter sales volumes, they decreased in Asia, and that's mostly obviously China. And so I think you can look at that and see that opening back up, and that will drive some of that 6% growth. And then obviously, we have other markets that we serve out of the Gulf that will come back. And some of that outage time was in Europe. And Europe is really sized for the domestic market there. And the business in Europe Q1 has been strong. There hasn't been an issue with demand in Europe. So, I think we'll work through that. Team is working hard on the reliability and availability of schedule. That's been the biggest challenge, is you've got something scheduled and then worker shortages because somebody has tested positive for Omicron means they're not able to pick it up. That's the hand-to-hand that the team is dealing with right now.
Operator: We'll move on to our next question from Duffy Fischer of Barclays.
Duffy Fischer: Two questions. The first one, on your JVs, EBITDA is down a couple of hundred million dollars, but cash equity dividends to you are up. Can you walk through the puts and takes on that? And then, how should we think about those two moving together going forward? And then, maybe more broadly, just on dual control, now that you and the government there have had the opportunity to kind of go back and forth on some stuff, what do you think the impact in '22 is going to be on your business from dual-control? And what do you think it's going to do to your end markets?
Jim Fitterling: Howard, you've got a good line of sight on the JV. So, you want to take a shot at that?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, sure. Duffy, yes, equity earnings were up year-on-year. They were up 224 -- well, they were $224 million, up $118 million. Really gains in Kuwait, Thailand and JV primarily in P&SP in our Industrial Solutions business. And you're right about cash. So, our dividends are -- they come a year in arrears. So if you think about it, the reason why the cash was down this year is because earnings last year were lower in 2020 versus 2019. Obviously, the equity earnings were up in 2021. And so, that's why this year in 2022, we're guiding that the dividends will be up about $250 million. So, you should model in about $500 million to $600 million. We targeted the midpoint of $550 million of higher cash from our JV dividends in 2022.
Jim Fitterling: In China on dual control, Duffy, the biggest thing that we had our eye on was, obviously, silica metal for silicones is an energy-intensive process. And early on, there was some concern that China was going to curtail some of that manufacturing. We were able to move some silicon metal from Brazil because we have production there as well to kind of offset. But that's why in the fourth quarter, we pulled some turnaround time into the fourth quarter for Zhangjiagang, for silicones, and that's done now. And over the course of the fourth quarter, both our industry and the solar industry made sure it was obvious to the Chinese government that the impact that that would have on solar PV market and on our market as well. So right now, those assets are not under the dual-control curtailments. We keep a close eye on that. We are not in some of the other locations that have been more impacted by dual-control. And I think it could be positive for imports for polyethylene, although I haven't seen that yet. So, we just keep a close eye on it. But I think for silicones, we're in a good track. We're going to -- we're up and going to have a strong first quarter there. And the market demand and the volumes are good.
Operator: We will now move on to our next question from Alex Yefremov of KeyBanc.
Alex Yefremov: Howard, I wanted to follow up on your comment about $275 million of sequential margin pressure in the first quarter. If you get any of the $0.08 of polyethylene price increases that you nominate, does this number become better or does it include the $0.08?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. I think you've got -- Alex, good morning. I think you've got two moving parts, so really three. You've got how much volume we can get, which will be the total margin dollars, you've got the price and then you've got the cost structure. I mean clearly, what we're seeing is elevated natural gas prices in the U.S. and also significantly higher Brent pricing, which will impact naphtha. So certainly, in Europe, our cost structure is going to be higher. But I think the points that Jim mentioned earlier, demand is very strong. And so, you are likely going to see higher prices around the world. It is too soon to tell about Asia to the point that Jim made about Chinese New Year. We'll see what happens. But you've got good global GDP, you've got good manufacturing output. You've got good consumer spending. That will drive demand growth. And with the higher feedstock cost, whether it's on a natural gas basis in the Americas or oil, Brent, naphtha in the rest of the world, that will put pressure on price. So, the best that we can do is our view is that minus $275 million a margin offset by $125 million of favorable net positive sequential turnaround. And that's how you get to that 2.08 [ph] plus or minus number.
Operator: We'll now move on to our next question from Arun Viswanathan from RBC Capital Markets.
Arun Viswanathan: Congratulations on a strong year there. I guess, we've talked a lot about the polyethylene market. So, maybe I could also just get you to guys to elaborate on your outlook for polyurethanes, as well as silicones. Could you just comment on those two markets as well? Thanks.
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Arun, thank you. Polyurethane market strength in furniture and bedding, appliances, construction, everything related to housing is very good. In that segment, II&I segment also Industrial Solutions, market strength, pharma, home cleaning, food, we have some feed additives in there, crop defense, intermediates for crop defense and electronics are all very strong. And what you see is that the supply-demand is very constructive to the middle of this decade, whether you're looking at MDI, polyethylene -- propylene glycol or ethylene oxide and ethylene oxide derivatives. So, all very strong through mid-decade. We think that even though automotive is a little bit constrained right now because of semiconductor chip shortages, we expect that's going to ease throughout the year and especially in the second half is going to be better. Light vehicle production estimates for this year, about 85 million units around the world. That will be up from last year, so that's positive. Electric vehicle trends are good for us. There's more content on an EV for us than there is on internal combustion engine vehicle, but both of them continue to look good. So, I think that's good. A little bit slower, our operating rates on propylene oxide because the new capacity has come on. But net-net, so the systems business, which is a strong driver of the profitability is going to be good. Just to give you an example on building and construction, we're looking at kind of 4% market growth rate similar to last year, electronics, 6%. And so, I think we've got a good trend in front of us.
Pankaj Gupta: I think that's all the time we have today. So thanks, everyone, for joining our call. We appreciate your interest in Dow. For your reference, a copy of our transcript will be posted on Dow's website within about 24 hours or so. This concludes our call. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-21 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Please standby. We're about to begin. Good day, everyone. Welcome to Dow's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Also, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Pankaj Gupta. Please go ahead, sir.
Pankaj Gupta: Good morning. Thank you for joining Dow's third quarter earnings call. This call is available via webcast and we have prepared slides to supplement our comments today. They are posted on the Investor Relations section of Dow's website and through the link to our webcast. I am Pankaj Gupta, Dow Investor Relations Vice President. And joining me on the call today are Jim Fitterling, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Howard Ungerleider, President and Chief Financial Officer. Please read the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the earnings news release and slides. During our call, we will make Forward-looking statements regarding our expectations or predictions about the future. Because these statements are based on current assumptions and factors that involve risks and uncertainties, our actual performance and results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Dow forms 10-Q, and 10-K include detailed discussions of principal risks and uncertainties which may cause such differences. Unless otherwise specified all financials where applicable, excluding significant items. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures is contained in the Dow earnings release, in the slides that supplement our comments today, and on the Dow website. On Slide 2, you will see our agenda for the call. Jim will begin by reviewing our third quarter highlights and operating segment performance, Howard will share our modeling guidance and outlook, and then Jim will recap our strategy for disciplined value growth that we outlined at our Investor Day earlier this month and why Dow continues to be a compelling investment opportunity. Following that, we will take your questions. Now, let me turn the call to Jim.
Jim Fitterling: Thank you, Pankaj, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Starting on Slide 3. In the third quarter, Dow achieved top and bottom line growth, both year-over-year and sequentially. I'm incredibly proud of the Dow team for delivering these results and doing so safely, despite industry supply disruptions from hurricanes on the U.S. Gulf Coast. Our proactive storm preparations enabled us to maintain the safety of our team and community and recover quickly. We delivered a 53% sales increase year-over-year with double digit gains in every segment, business and region. We also recorded a 7% increase in sales over the prior quarter. We captured strong price momentum, driven by tight supply demand balances across our key value chain. And we achieved volume growth of 2%, both year-over-year and sequentially, supported by continued strong end-market demand despite supply and logistics constraints. We increased operating EBITDA by more than $2.1 billion year-over-year, with improvements in all segments and businesses and $58 million higher sequentially. Key contributors included year-over-year margin expansion of 1,170 basis points, driven by price momentum and demand growth, and increased equity earnings up $189 million from margin expansion at our Sadara and Kuwait joint ventures. Our continued focus on cash generation and our balanced disciplined capital allocation enabled us to deliver cash flow from operations of $2.7 billion, up $958 million year-over-year, driven by margin expansion from price momentum in key value chain. We returned a total of $918 million to shareholders through our industry-leading dividend of $518 million, plus $400 million in share repurchases, and we also reduced gross debt by more than $1.1 billion in the quarter. Our proactive liability management actions to tender existing notes have resulted in no long-term debt maturities due until 2026, and we've reduced annual interest expense by more than $60 million. Overall, Dow continues to deliver on its priorities and we see further strength ahead as we benefit from a favorable macro backdrop and execute our disciplined strategy to decarbonize our footprint and grow earnings, driving significant value for all stakeholders. Moving to our segment performance on Slide 4. In The Packaging and Specialty Plastics segment, operating EBIT was $2 billion compared to $647 million in the year-ago period. Sequentially, operating EBIT was down $60 million. Price gains in both businesses and in all regions led to margin improvement in the core business and increased equity earnings. On a sequential basis, operating EBIT margins declined by 300 basis points on higher feedstock and energy costs. The Packaging & Specialty Plastics business reported a net sales increase year-over-year, led by local price gains in industrial and consumer packaging, and flexible food and beverage packaging applications. Volumes declined year-over-year due to lower polyethylene supply, as a result of planned maintenance turnarounds and weather-related outages in the quarter. Compared to the prior quarter, the business delivered price and volume gains on strong demand in industrial and consumer packaging applications, which were partly offset by a hurricane-related outages. Moving to the Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure segment, operating EBIT was $713 million, up $609 million year-over-year, primarily due to continued tight supply and demand in both businesses. Sequentially, operating EBIT was up $65 million and operating EBIT margins expanded by 50 basis points on volume and price gains in both businesses. The Polyurethanes & Construction Chemicals business increased net sales compared to the year-ago period with price gains in all regions on tight supply demand balances. Volume declines year-over-year, primarily reflected the planned transition of a low-margin co-producer contract, as well as weather-related outages and third-party supply constraints. Sequentially, the business delivered sales growth due to increased local price and volume from additional supply availability to meet resilient demand. The Industrial Solutions business delivered a net sales improvement compared to the year-ago period with local price gains in all regions. Volume increased year-over-year on strong demand for materials in industrial manufacturing and energy applications. Net sales also increased sequentially, driven by volume growth, primarily in coatings and industrial applications from increased supply and local price gains in all regions. And finally, the performance materials in Coatings segment reported operating EBIT of $284 million, up $209 million versus the same quarter last year, as margins increased 750 basis points due to strong price momentum and robust demand recovery for silicone and industrial coatings offerings. Sequentially, operating EBIT was up $59 million on price gains, leading to margin expansion of 210 basis points. The Consumer Solutions business achieved higher net sales year-over-year with price gains in all regions. Volume increased over the prior year on stronger consumer demand for personal care, mobility, and electronics offerings. Sequentially, sales were down as price increases in all regions were more than offset by volume declines as a result of planned maintenance and third-party supply and logistics constraints. The Coatings & Performance Monomers business delivered increased net sales year-over-year, as higher raw material costs and tight supply demand balances led to price gains in all regions. Volumes were down year-over-year as demand recovery for industrial coatings was more than offset by weather-related outages and third-party supply and logistics constraints. Sequentially, the business delivered local price gains in all regions supported by increased volume due to continued strong demand for acrylic monomers and architectural coatings and increased supply availability. Now, let me turn it over to Howard to review the modeling guidance.
Howard Ungerleider: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Turning to Slide 5. In the fourth quarter, we see a continuation of robust demand growth across our packaging, infrastructure, consumer, and mobility end markets. Brand owner inventory levels remain low, and as a result, we anticipate higher seasonal demand continuing into the holiday season this year. In Packaging & Specialty Plastics, we continue to see resilient demand for packaging applications and for our differentiated functional polymers. Global polyethylene supply remains constrained as the industry completes higher turnaround activity and supply chains recover from weather events on the U.S. Gulf Coast. We exited the third quarter experiencing higher raw material and energy costs, which we anticipate will likely persist through the fourth quarter. We expect these costs to be at approximately $350 million headwind sequentially. Dow will continue to utilize our broad geographic footprint and best-in-class feedstock flexibility to help mitigate these impacts. We also anticipate $175 million tailwind from turnarounds in the quarter as we completed our planned maintenance at our cracker in Canada. In Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure, continued consumer demand for furniture and bedding, appliances, pharma, and home care, are expected to keep supply tight in our key value chains. Due to the weather related outages in the third quarter, some of our planned turnaround activity was moved to the fourth quarter. Sadara will also start a turnaround at it's isocyanates facility in the fourth quarter as well. Altogether, we anticipate a $100 million in this segment from turnaround impacts. Short-term increased energy costs in the U.S. Gulf Coast and Europe are expected to be an additional $100 million headwind in the quarter. We continue to see sequential recovery in industrial activity, particularly for HOG applications. We anticipate this recovery will continue at least through the fourth quarter as industrial production continues to ramp up from very low inventory levels to meet demand and performance materials and coatings demand for electronics, mobility, building construction continues to outpace supply. Demand for architectural coatings is also expected to remain elevated due to persistently low inventory levels across the value chain. Global production for silicone has been impacted by the recent dual control policy enforcement actions in China, with silicon metal prices almost three times their previous highs. We intend to put forward a scheduled turnaround at our facility in Zhangjiagang, China to coincide with government actions to curtail power usage. Our current estimate for the quarter includes a $125 million from increased raw material costs and turnaround impacts. We'll continue to work on mitigating the impacts of rising raw material costs through our integrated position in both businesses. Despite higher raw material and energy costs in the fourth quarter, Dow will continue to leverage its advantage global footprint, structural cost, and feedstock advantages, as well as our broad suite of differentiated products to meet growing demand. On Slide 6, as we look ahead, we expect robust economic growth to continue. With the Delta variant slowing the reopening of economies around the world, there remains significant pent-up demand globally, particularly across our industrial and consumer end markets. Many industries continue to see elevated order backlogs coupled with low inventory levels as supply chain s struggle to keep up with robust demand. These supply chain disruptions are expected to persist, which will certainly prolong the ability to restock inventories across most value chains.  As a result, we expect tighter than forecasted market conditions to continue of strengthened by China's recent dual control policy that has impacted both coal-to - olefins and methanol-to - olefins base capacity, which represent more than 30% of China's total polyethylene production. 2022 GDP growth forecast are well above historical averages in most areas of the world, as industries ramp up to match the robust consumer demand with further upside as global chip shortages continue to extend the recovery in manufacturing. Collectively, G7 countries have not yet fully recovered to pre -pandemic GDP. This points to additional upside as economies return to more normalized consumption levels with degree of vaccination increasing, particularly in Asia, where levels remain low, relative to the rest of the world. Moving to Slide 7, at our Investor Day earlier this month, we outlined how our differentiated portfolio and our focus on sustainability driven innovation will enable more than $3 billion in underlying EBITDA improvement across the cycle. Our restructuring program and digital investments will yield 600 million in increased EBITDA. Both are in progress, and our restructuring program is on track to achieve its 300 million run rate by year-end. We also have a suite of high-return, low-risk, and faster payback capital and operating investments that will enable an additional $2 billion in EBITDA in the near-term. And our investments to decarbonize and grow at our Fort Saskatchewan site in Alberta, Canada are also expected to deliver approximately $1 billion in increased EBITDA. And, as we've already shared, we're executing against a favorable macro backdrop that we expect will continue to support constructive market fundamentals for our key value chains. Turning to Slide 8, you'll see the detailed list of these low-risk growth investments. Our capital investments are expected to generate a billion dollars in EBITDA through incremental capacity expansions, de - bottlenecking, and enhance feedstock flexibility across our operating segments. We're already making good progress. For example, in Packaging and Specialty Plastics, our Fort Saskatchewan expansion to add ethylene capacity of 65,000 metric tons per year, to support growing polyethylene demand, is now complete and will ramp by the end of the fourth quarter. Our FCDH pilot plant in Louisiana will start up in 2022, featuring 20% to 40% lower CapEx and 5% to 7% lower OpEx, while reducing CO2 emissions by up to 20% compared to other PDH technologies. Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure, our de - bottlenecking project to add 60,000 metric tons per year of analine will be fully online by year end. And earlier this year, we signed an MOU for a new South China hub to advance local supply and formulating capabilities to serve the fast-growing Asia-Pacific market. In Performance Materials and Coatings, we recently completed a capacity expansion at one of our silicone polymer plants, and by year-end, we will complete a new silicone sealant compounding unit to enable sustainable solutions for high performance building and infrastructure applications. And we are progressing our 50 kt methyl acrylate investment on the U.S. Gulf Coast to support global end markets such as residues and packaging materials, which is scheduled to come online in the first half of next year. In addition, our operating investments are also expected to generate another billion dollars in EBITDA as we improve our production capabilities and shift our product mix to higher growth and higher value markets. For example, in Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure, we're increasing capabilities and shifting our mix toward higher-margin Polyurethane systems for mobility and consumer applications Our Industrial Solutions businesses are increasing capabilities to supply differentiated materials into the textile market. Our ECOFAST collaboration with Ralph Lauren lowers energy usage by 40% and water usage by 50% in the fabric dying process. And by 2025, the brand aims to incorporate this technology in more than 80% of its solid cotton products. In Performance Materials and Coatings we're expanding our ability to formulate differentiated silicones for a number of attractive markets, including silicone adhesives for foldable displays in consumer electronics, thermal conducted silicone solutions for electric vehicles, and silicone solutions for 5G where the market is expected to more than double over the next ten years. And we've recently partnered with customers on high value innovations, like paper barrier coating applications that use our award winning roll bar polyolefin dispersion technology and call way super soft golf balls which feature a new hybrid cover, made with Dow's parallel Lloyd impact modifier. In Packaging & Specialty Plastics. We're enhancing our extensive conversion and testing capabilities to commercialize residence through packaging design, speeding the innovation process, and expanding the addressable market for higher-margin and more sustainable products. For example, we're already benefiting from the 9-layer blown film extrusion line project completed this year. We're also making investments to improve asset reliability, which will increase output and expand margins. And we're using digital technology for customer trials and process automation to accelerate catalyst development for new resins and processes like FCDh, where we can typically be 100 times more efficient than conventional experimentation. Collectively, our slate of near-term investments will generate an increase of approximately $2 billion in underlying EBITDA. And we intend to deliver this growth with a disciplined and balanced approach, maintaining our top quartile performance in cash flow, cost structure, debt reduction and shareholder remuneration. With that, I will turn it back to Jim.
Jim Fitterling: Thank you, Howard. Turning to Slide 9. The strategy we outlined at our Investor Day builds on our long history of industry leadership. Our plan enables us to capture demand from sustainability drivers, achieve 0 scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions, and deliver meaningful, underlying earnings, and cash flow growth for years to come. Our path to decarbonize our footprint and grow earnings is a phased, side-by-side approach that both retrofits and replaces end-of-life assets with low carbon emission facility, while also expanding our capacity. This plan will deliver a 30% reduction in our CO2 emissions between 2005 and 2030 through a disciplined approach that manages timing based on affordability, macro and regulatory drivers around the world. Our Texas 9 cracker proves that we can do this, and do it well, Texas 9 is 60% lower carbon intensity than any asset in our fleet. And that's without any specific design for carbon capture or hydrogen. The project was delivered with 20% better capital efficiency and 12 months faster than any other crackers built in that wave. Overall, the project has a 65% lower conversion cost, is running consistently at more than a 110% of nameplate capacity and has delivered greater than 15% return on invested capital since startup. We will leverage key learning from Texas 9 as we plan to build the world's first ever net 0 carbon emissions ethylene cracker and derivatives complex in Fort Saskatchewan, Alberta, delivering approximately $1 billion in EBITDA, as Howard outlined earlier. This project will more than triple our ethylene and downstream derivative capacity at the site while decarbonizing emissions for 20% of our global ethylene capacity. We selected this site due to the availability of carbon capture infrastructure, advantaged feedstocks, and supportive government policies and incentives. On Slide 10, as we capture leads attractive growth opportunities, we'll maintain our balanced and disciplined financial approach since spent. We are committed to keeping CapEx at or below DNA, well below pre -spin levels while targeting return on invested capital above 13% across the economic cycle. We will continue to align our capital spend to the macroeconomic environment, our affordability, and return targets. Our investments align to three categories. First, we'll maintain our foundation and maximize the return of our existing assets while ensuring safe and reliable operations. Second, we'll execute our pipeline of faster payback, lower-risk incremental growth projects for downstream and sustainability driven applications, growing faster than GDP. And will invest approximately $1 billion per year to decarbonize our footprint and grow earnings. These investments enable us to capture increasing demand for low carbon footprint products, while de -risking the enterprise with lower emissions assets. In closing on Slide 11, Dow is well-positioned to deliver significant long-term value for shareholders. We have actions in place to both decarbonize our footprint and grow the enterprise. As we achieve an additional $3 billion in underlying EBITDA, maintain industry-leading cash flow generation, and drive towards 0 scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions. Our balanced capital allocation approach targets more than 13% return on invested capital. Keeps CapEx within DNA and returned 65% of net income to shareholders across the economic cycle. All of this is underpinned by our industry-leading portfolio, cost position, and strong track record of innovation that enables us to deliver differentiated products and solutions for our customers and a more sustainable world. With that, I'll turn it back to Pankaj to open the Q&A.
Pankaj Gupta: Thank you, Jim. Now, let's move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Hassan Ahmed with Alembic Global.
Hassan Ahmed : Good morning, Jim. Jim, as I take a look at your guidance, sequentially, you seem to be guiding to a $500 million downtick in EBITDA. So $3.6 billion comes down to $3.1 billion. But just reading through the guidance, you don't break out the impact of IDA. So is it fair to assume that you guys are guiding to sort of north of $3.1 billion in EBITDA for Q4?
Jim Fitterling: Thanks, Hassan. That's a great question. The impact -- the total impact of IDA was about $100 million and split third quarter, fourth quarter. So that's how you should look at that. Most of the rest of the guide was just impact on feedstock costs or raw material costs that we expect to see going into the fourth quarter. Having said that, I think demand is going to continue to be strong, and I expect our operating rates will be stronger than they were in the third quarter because of the impact of IDA. And I don't expect that we're going to have a chance to build much inventory, but our intent is to run hard through the end of the year because our customers need the demand and we need to get out in front of this a little bit.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Maybe just a little more color within the Packaging & Specialty Plastics sales guidance and in particular, what you're expecting for volume sequentially? And then is there any sort of impact on the top line from feedstocks or hydrocarbons? You can obviously tell I'm trying to back out your polyethylene price assumptions.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning Vince. I expect the volumes will be better. We had St. Charles, obviously, out in the month of September, and it came back here earlier in October. So I expect fourth quarter will have the strong run. And remember, we had the turnaround in the fourth that was happening in the third quarter as well, and we're out of that. So the fourth will be back. We'll see some additional ethylene out of the fourth because the back half of that expansion started up. And I think you'll see higher volumes for the year. We're looking at volume increases for plastics like 8%, 9% for the industry. I think for fourth quarter, we manage 2% in the quarter. In third quarter, I think for fourth quarter, it will be higher than that. I do expect prices will moderate at some point. I don't know exactly when that's going to be because right now, inventories are low, but I don't think it's going to fall as precipitously as some of the forecast estimate.
Operator: The next question will come from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
Pj Juvekar: Yes. Good morning, Jim and Howard. Can you talk about siloxane and downstream silicone demand? What's happening in siloxane merchant market? And how is this change impacted by raw materials? I think, Jim, you said silicone costs came up in China, so you shut down some -- shutdown a plant. Can you expand on that? And finally, what happens to the new siloxane capacity that was announced in China with these recent dual control policies? Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: PJ, good question. I'm going to walk through several things. I would say in the near-term, the impact on silicon metal has been in China due to the restrictions from dual control. And as you know, that was driven by the higher coal prices, really pushing up the costs for the electricity producers. And the electricity producers are capped on their electricity prices, so some of them didn't run and that forced the industry curtailment. Typically, as you're going into cold weather months, industry takes the hit versus homeowners and consumers. You try to keep your people warm and so that hit silicon metals. For that reason, things became tight. We've moved some silicon metals from Brazil over to China to offset that. And we'll run through the fourth quarter book. We decided to pull a turnaround in Zhangjiagang into the fourth quarter. We had originally planned it for first quarter. We decided to do it now, that takes a little pressure off the dual control situation. That turnaround will cost us, I think on Slide 5, it's in there, $75 million in the fourth quarter. I expect we're going to see about $50 million higher cost. That's both downstream G3 silicones demand and siloxane demand are very strong. And so siloxanes prices have gone up significantly. And so I think we're going to be in that situation for all of fourth quarter, and I would expect into first quarter as well.
Operator: All right. Next question will come from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Hi. Good morning. I have a two-part question. The first part has to do with your expansion in Alberta in the late decade. That seems to be your sole large ethylene polyethylene expansion. And by my calculation, what that means is that over the next 10 years or so, your capacity will expand 1% to 2% per year. And presumably the industry grows faster than that. And so, is this approach an example of your disciplined capital approach where you really only want to have high return projects? And what you'll do is you'll sacrifice volume growth in service of that higher return. Second part is for Howard. The net debt to EBITDA, you say, will go to 2 to 2.5 times. That makes a difference because if your EBITDA is $10 billion, that's a $5 billion difference. So was it 2 or 2.5times? And are you going to get there quickly? Or are you going to dawdle? Because if what you're going to do is lever up by another, I don't know, $9 billion or $10 billion to buy back stock or increase dividends, how quickly are you going to get there? Is it 2022 or '25 or somewhere in between? Thanks.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Jeff. The first part of the Alberta expansion comes on in 2007. That brings on most of the new cracker capacity. The cracker will be expandable. And it also brings on the derivatives. And then we retrofit the existing cracker, so we can tie in the back-end into the auto thermal reformer and that will come on in 2009. So that will be the largest mega project that we do. We do have investments in the near-term on the bottleneck and existing assets that will help us between now and 2007. And we have the ethylene capacity to add some downstream capacity as well. So there will be a little bit more than 1% to 2% in growth. But our focus on Alberta is obviously to take advantage of the situation there, to decarbonize and have a good carbon capture location and take that whole site to net 0. Howard, do you want to get the net debt to EBITDA?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. Sure. Good morning Jeff. Your point about disciplined balance on the capital allocation side, it goes to the debt as well. I mean, when you think about what we get in the third quarter, it was very balanced. It was more than $500 million in dividends. It was doing another $400 million of stock buyback, and then we took out $1.1 billion of debt. To your point on the 2 to 2.5 ratio, I would say, some of our peers have a 1% swing between their low and high. So we're already giving you a better than peer view with saying our range is only a half a turn. But if you'd like me to narrow that further, I would say use the midpoint. So our long-term average is 2 to 2.5. I would say through the economic cycle, if what you want to use 2.25, that's a reasonable proxy for where we want to be, but we have the corridor there to recognize that it's a long-term target. Punctually today, using the rating agency methodology through the end of the third quarter, we're probably around 2.4, 2.5. So we have about a quarter of a turn left to go to hit that midpoint of the 2 to 2.5.
Operator: Next question will come from the line of Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Sison: Good morning. This is Mike actually, sitting in for Bob. Just wanted to give me a couple of comments about inventories still being tight. And I guess from a polyethylene perspective, could you perhaps maybe quantify what you're seeing in terms of days of inventory and how, perhaps, that may compare to what you would consider more normal?
Jim Fitterling: Industry -- Mike, good morning. Industry inventory and DDI fell. Industry inventories September fell about 120 million pounds. And so days and inventory had dropped, demand is obviously strong. And export demand exceeded -- domestic and export exceeded the production. Obviously, storms had an impact on that as well. We saw inventory declines in high density and linear low. And a little bit of inventory build in low density, but it isn't a significant number. So when you look at the 5 year trends and I think what we put in the slide deck to show your earlier is that the order backlog is up about 30% above normal and the inventory to sales ratio is down about 10%. I think that's going to stay in that band for the most of the fourth quarter. And as the capacity comes back from the hurricanes, we have still supply and logistics issues, so they're bottlenecks everywhere, especially when it relates to marine pack cargo or export and as it relates to product being shipped by truck. It's a little hand-to-hand combat right now on the truck driver doesn't show up, shipment gets delayed. So I think we're going to be in that situation for the rest of the year and into the first quarter.
Howard Ungerleider: I'm just giving you some Dow numbers. Our DSI was down 7 days in the third quarter versus a year ago, and our overall cash conversion cycle was better by a day sequentially. So we're tightly managing our working capital.
Operator: Next, we'll go to David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. Jim, the consultants have a pretty sharp decline in ethylene chain margins through February. Do you agree with that or are they being a little too bearish given the tightness right now in the marketplace?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, David. I think, a little bit bearish, the way I would categorize it, I think they are underestimating the demand that's going to be there because there still is a significant inventory restock and continued strong demand that we see coming. And I think they are overestimating how much supply. I is coming in. And if I go back to the China situation, remember that about half of those CTO/MTO capacity is out of the money right now. 60% of all the new capacity coming on in the world is in Northeast Asia, which will still be a net importer for a long time, and it's all napma or higher cost base. And so I think those things are going to soften this. I do expect prices to moderate a bit, but I think we could see a pretty strong 2022 with higher volumes, yet slightly lower prices. Operating rates were always going to be in the high 80s to low 90s for the full year. So I don't see a change there. And remember that the U.S. structural advantage, the Canadian structural advantage, our position in Argentina, our position in the Middle East are still going to remain strong.
David Begleiter: Thank you.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Frank Mitsch with Fermium Research.
Frank Mitsch: Hey, good morning and nice results. You r data sequentially tick up your buybacks here to that 400 million level in the third quarter. How should investors think about the pace of buybacks in 4Q and 2022?
Jim Fitterling: Howard, do you want to take them?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. Thanks. Frank, good morning. So the guidance we gave for the fourth quarter is 745 million shares outstanding. So if you look at where we ended the third quarter or the average for the third quarter, that's about a 5 million share reduction, which would equate to another 400 million plus or minus on stock buybacks, so essentially keeping pace with the third quarter. With that said, look, we continue to be disciplined and balanced on the capital allocation and we will continue to be opportunistic. We're staying true to our 65% of our net income going back to shareholders. Long-term 45% of the earnings growth will and the net income will go in the form of dividends. And then we'll use stock buyback to top that up to 65%
Operator: All right. Next question, we'll go to John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: Thank you. We see all the container ships out in the harbors and all the containers stacked up on the docks and the warehouses are full with drivers waiting to take product to the final customers. Your earlier comment was about polyethylene producer inventories. Do you worry about contained product down stream where it would seem like there's a lot of inventory in the channel downstream of the converters.
Jim Fitterling: Hey. Good morning John. Yeah it's -- the visibility is hard to track right now. I do think that some of the moves that the government made recently to get the big ports 24/7 operation is going to help the backlog. What happens is typically when those ports get backlog, it spills over into other ports. We don't use Long Beach as much, but when traffic spills over into other ports it hits us. I would say that almost every value chain has some impact from that, and where we see the biggest impact is being able -- it's kind of blocking material getting out.  And so we're starting to see some congestion and some competing demand, product coming in. Sometimes it's faster to reload and empty containers to get it back to China, and so that competes with other materials going out. We don't see that in every quarter. But certainly on the west coast, we're seeing that right now. I would say almost every value chain we have, every application we have is short product. And I don't think there's enough material tied up in all of that floating inventory or in the warehouses that that is going to alleviate the demand, or fill the demand that's out there right now. I still think the consumer is strong and we've still got other economies that are coming back from COVID that are going to add to that demand.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Michael Sison with Wells Fargo.
Michael Sison: Hey, guys, good morning. Nice quarter. Just curious, when you think about '22 and you tend to have that nice little market fundamentals for your three base segments. And just curious, any -- I know you think demand's strong, what -- any thoughts on natural gas pricing, feedstock costs, oil's going up. Just curious how you 're baking in those type of inflation numbers in that outlook?
Jim Fitterling: So we're starting to see some improvement in production, drilling, and completion of wells. We're going to bring more NGOs as we move out of the winter season. I believe what we're seeing short-term here is a knock-on effect as coal really ratcheted much higher in China. The first fuel that you go to that could replace coal in the fuel grid is natural gas. And then LNG obviously went right up after coal. And then the next fuel is oil. And oil came right up. And so that could cost up to $80 a barrel. I think we're going to see things will stabilize a little bit as we go into winter. Inventories are a little light of the five-year average going into winter. But you've seen prices unwind a little bit in the forward market by about $1, a million BTU, because weather plays a significant factor. So if we have a warmer fall, that's going to take a little bit of sting out of natural gas prices. Even with them the oil to gas ratio, but more importantly, the oil to gas spreads are good. And so I think that's going to continue. And if we get through winter without a really, really cold snap then I think you're going to see prices to moderate. Long term or medium term, I would say 250 to 450, for U.S. production. And long term, about 275 a million BTU for natural gas.
Operator: And your next question will come from Duffy Fischer with Barclays.
Mike Delay: Great. Thanks. Good morning. This is Mike Delay on for Duffy. Maybe two-part question for Howard. I guess one -- just a clarification in Jeff 's earlier question. Is that 2 to 2 and 1/2 debt target of gross debt to EBITDA metric net debt? Because if I heard your response correctly, it sounds like you still want to pay down slightly more debt from here. And second, if we say in this call 6 billion or so annualized operating cash flow range from the past, say 24 months or so, we roughly know what CapEx would be next year. And it seems like there should still be a decent amount of excess cash. I know you stress ed the balanced approach, but just how should we think about the priority of that excess cash, gets us the gold bar and your chart. But are buybacks supply real here? Thanks.
Howard Ungerleider: Yeah. On a 2 to 2.5 debt to EBITDA ratio, that's a rating agency adjusted net debt to EBITDA target. So that's over a long term. Typically the rating agencies will look at a few years back, current year, and then come up with a forward two-year forecast. So when we think about that 2 to 2.5 range or as I targeted the midpoint, in answering to Jeff's questions of 2.25, that's over a 5 to a 10 year period. So as I mentioned to Jeff, we're slightly -- we're at the higher end of that range today, so you will -- you should expect over the next several years, we'll continue to titrate that number down to the midpoint of 2.25. And depending on how things go, we might go to the lower end of that range, we'll see. In terms of the capital allocation priorities, we intend to continue what you've seen from us, which is disciplined and balanced approach. The number one priority for us is to safely reliably operate our plants. And then, the next is organic investments. So where we have low risk, high return, fast pay-back projects that helps us continue to get the through the cycle, average return on capital of the enterprise to 13% or more. We will do that. Dividends would be next. So as the net income increases, that dividend should increase in line with the 45% of net income over the cycle. And then share repurchases and we'll -- like I said earlier, we'll use share purchases to at least cover dilution, but then we will also be opportunistic and compare opportunistic share buyback to any other use of cash. And over the long run, our goal is to do the value maximizing thing.
Operator: Next, we'll go to John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets.
John McNulty: Hi, good morning, Jim. This is John. Question on your equity earnings from the GDs? It looks like each of your II&I and TNXP segments is on track to deliver around $0.5 billion of earnings. Now, quite a few unique regional dynamics and feedstock arrangements that play here but broadly, could you discuss where these businesses are in the cycle and perhaps any color on where you see the earnings of these businesses for the next year? Thanks
Jim Fitterling: Yeah. Good question on II&I and Polyurethane, I do believe that the demand and the operating rates for isocyanates will continue to stay strong into next year. Maybe a little bit lower operating rates on polyols, but the key demand drivers and value drivers are going to be those systems and solutions that are going into things like mobility, like construction, like appliances, and some extent furniture and bedding and things that are driven by consumer growth. And that'll continue to remain strong. The only thing that we've got coming that would be a detractor from those earnings would be, we've got a turnaround in this quarter on isocyanates and Sadara. But that's been planned and they'll manage that. They've been running very well. I expect to see them in good shape next year. And as you know, their fixed costs are quite low. And so I think they will be a very good source for us to fulfill that demand.
Howard Ungerleider: Just one point on maybe on the cash flow side, on the equity earnings. If you recall that our dividends usually come from the prior year earnings. So with this year's equity earnings up, as you pointed out, then that will drive a cash flow tailwind for us next year, probably in the range of at least $200 to $300 million as we sit here today, possibly more.
Operator: And next we'll go to Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander: Good morning. Two questions. In the period with the tighter supply constraints, have you seen a mix, be it net positive or negative across the portfolio? Or in other words, how do you see things playing out when the supply constraints ease? And secondly, with respect to the decarbonization, so long as you could see a path to hitting your return on capital hurdles, how broadly would you consider vertically integrating in decarbonization platforms?
Jim Fitterling: On the mix, I think any time you get a tight situation like this, there's a natural gravitation for the mix to move up. I would also say though that we've been trying, customers are in close communication and we're trying to obviously to keep everybody running. There's a lot of juggling going on.. There are some specialty grades where it's hard to shift the mix up because things are so tight right now, especially in some of our elastomeric products. On decarbonization, I think it's just going to depend on the situation in the geographies that we're looking at, the investments. In Canada we don't need to do the bank investment into CO2 capture and sequestration. And I think there are a lot of players that are out there that have capabilities to do that. So if we can keep our investments focused on assets that generate revenue for us and generate growth for us and our zero carbon emitting, I think there's plenty of room for third parties and others to play to help us to handle the CO2.
Laurence Alexander: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we move to Alex Yefremov with KeyBanc.
Alex Yefremov: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I have a question about Slide 8 where you detail in-flight investments for 1.7 and 2.1 billion EBITDA contribution. In my math, this implies fairly high single-digit growth versus your base EBITDA. So can you give it a high level explaining why investors can have confidence in this target? What are you doing differently from traditional Dow's growth rate here? So anything that can at a high level explain why this growth is achievable.
Jim Fitterling: Yeah. I'll start and I'll ask Howard to fill out a little bit. But I'm going to start with silicones because that's an area that's grows at 2 GDP. And if you look in mobility and if you look at electronics and if you look at consumer application, they are going to continue to grow as well as, we've had expansions coming for silicons products into construction and sealants, or glass glazing for big skyscraper buildings. So that is a high GDP growth, and that's going to continue in Industrial Solutions, not only highest value return to ethylene, but also high-value downstream growth driven primarily by consumer applications. To some extent, oil and gas, which we see recovering. I know we have many, many cases where our oil and gas products help people reduce CO2 emissions in the midstream production. And then things like ECOFAST Pure, which is the partnership with Ralph Lauren where we just open sourced that technology to use that product, which would get textile mills that use cotton to switch over to a product that is -- uses 90% less chemicals, 50% less water, 50% less energy, I think that's a huge driving force towards more sustainability in an area that's a tough environmental aspect. And then if you go to PM and see, we've got continued growth in our downstream systems, which have been growing at greater than 11% per year for a long time. We'll continue those investments. We've got high-gross targets for our downstream coating business, as I continue to keep up with demand specifically traffic demand. Howard mentioned paper demand for paper cups, replacing others with our raw barges versions, and also architectural demand, which is our growth leader in that space. And then you get back to Packaging and Specialty Plastics, which is continuing to grow above GDP, about 1.4 times GDP in our forward forecast. It's very dispersed, so when we talk about $3 billion of EBITDA growth over that time period,
Jim Fitterling: is pretty evenly split between all three segments. And you're going to see about 200 to 300 million of it come on next year. And that is the projects that are already completed and will be finished by the end of the year.
Operator: All right. Your next question comes from Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets.
Arun Viswanathan: Great. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a strong quarter. So I just wanted to get back to the polyethylene discussion. I guess we're hearing some conflicting things because we saw an ACC member on inventories of mid 40s on days of supply, maybe 47, and then it appears that the September, October increase on polyethelene has stalled as well. So is that -- are those correct characterizations or would you say that the market's really tight and you do expect further increases as we go through the year. Thanks.
Jim Fitterling: Having a mid-40s number on days of inventory is kind of an average number. But remember sometimes the inventory numbers on things that are locked up and can't get shipped out. And so I think that's the main delta and some of the data that I shared with you. I would say demand and production, I think are both going to be strong in the fourth quarter. I also think some of the shipment delays are going to moderate as we get through the quarter and I think that will help. But a 40 to 45 days of inventory is not much inventory for the polyethylene business.
Operator: The next question will be from Christopher Parkinson with Mizuho.
Christopher Parkinson: Hi, this is for Chris. I was just wondering if you can touch a little bit between II&I and you mentioned third-party supply constraints. Can you just talk about what you're seeing in terms of those third-party supply constraints and whether you see them easing into the fourth quarter and into the first half of next year, if it's something that you continue to expect to persist throughout 2022? Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: They are primarily -- the third party supply constraints are primarily industrial gas suppliers. They were racked pretty hard earlier in the year from the Texas freeze. And then they got hit again from the hurricanes in Louisiana. it is improving. I expect it will continue to improve through the quarter. And I think they're working hard. I know they're working hard to work on reliability and get the assets back up. And we're working hard as well to make sure that we've got redundancy in those supplies. So we'll take actions, like we do after events like those and make sure that we've got redundancy in supply as well. But that was the primary impact.
Operator: All right. Next, we'll move on to Steve Byrne with Bank of America.
Matt Dion: Thanks, everyone. It's Matt Dion for Steve. Just a question on polyolefin I think you touched a little bit on this, but where do you think we are in the cycle? Because even earlier this year we had some of your peers talking about over earning. I know we've had a lot of outages, but demand is still really strong. Inventories are like, how does the shake out into 2022? And then, as you pushed downstream into systems, what do you expect the margin uplift to be, and how has the business, maybe, different from SG&A intensity perspective?
Jim Fitterling: I think the supply demand balances are pretty favorable through 2026 because durables demand has been outpacing the supply growth and durables pull a lot on [Indiscernible] and [Indiscernible] operating rates. And so I think you're going to see an earnings ridge in the business that we haven't seen. There have also been a fair number of delays or rationalizations of capacity. And we've also seen obviously margin up within that segment for polyurethane systems.
Operator: All right. And we'll take our final question from the line of Matthew Blair with Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Matthew Blair: Hey, good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in here. Howard, I think you highlighted the feedstock flexibility in your crackers. Given the volatile energy markets, do you have any specific examples of the kind of changes you've been making. For example, are you switching away from propane either in the U.S. or in Europe, and then also if you have any thoughts on the recent widening of the ethane to natural gas spread? I think it's out to about $0.08 a gallon. Do you see that, as kind of a short-term blip or perhaps something, maybe a little bit more medium term. Thanks.
Jim Fitterling: No, go ahead, Howard
Howard Ungerleider: Jim, look at me. So I will take that. Look, I would just say this, our feedstock selection ability is really a key enabler of our consistent outperformance versus our peers as you've seen in the last several years of our annual benchmarking. It includes what I would say is unmatched feedstock flexibility for most of our feet. We've got the ability to max ethane on the U.S. Gulf Coast. We also have propane. We can do minimum naphtha if we need to. In Europe, we also have the ability to do max LPG to your point made propane is not necessarily in the slate right now. So you're not doing that in Europe. But then you also look at the point that Jim made earlier, which is we've got our Canadian advantage. We've got the feedstock flexibility in U.S. Gulf Coast. We've got the Argentinean advantage and we also have the Middle East. And I also think a lot of people talked about feedstock flexibility. But most of the time what that means is that they have three furnaces that can crack this feed, two furnaces that can crack this feed. When we talk feedstock flexibility it's in-furnace flexibility. So we have the ability to switch within the furnace and we can do it -- frankly, we can do it day by day. Typically, we do it every week. Do you have anything to add?
Jim Fitterling: I'm only going to add two things. It isn't always the linear equation when you switch from cracking ethane to propane at these propane prices. Some might expect that propane was out of the crack slate. And actually, we've been cracking a fair amount of propane because we're generating a lot more byproducts out of that and we need them all. And so it has been in the slate more than you might expect. And I think as the natural gas prices moderate going into the year, we're going to see that ethane and propane advantage in the U.S. Gulf Coast is going to be there.
Pankaj Gupta: Very good. I think that's all the time we have for Q&A. Thank you, everyone, for joining our call. We appreciate your interest in Dow. For your reference, a copy of our transcript will be posted in Dow's website within the next 24 hours. This concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: And again, that does conclude today's conference. We thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-22 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to Dows 2Q 2021 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Pankaj Gupta. Please go ahead, sir.
Pankaj Gupta: Good morning. Thank you for joining Dows second quarter earnings call. This call is available via our webcast and we have prepared slides to supplement our comments today. They are posted on the Investor Relations section of Dows website and through the link to our webcast. I am Pankaj Gupta, Dow Investor Relations Vice President, and joining me on the call today are Jim Fitterling, Dows Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Howard Ungerleider, President and Chief Financial Officer. Please read the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the earnings news release and slides. During our call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations or predictions about the future. Because these statements are based on current assumptions and factors that involve risks and uncertainties, our actual performance and results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Dows Forms 10-Q and 10-K include detailed discussions of principal risks and uncertainties, which may cause such differences. Unless otherwise specified, all financials, where applicable, exclude significant items. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures is contained in the Dow earnings release, in the slides that supplement our comments today and on the Dow website. On Slide 2, you will see our agenda for the call. Jim will begin by reviewing our second quarter highlights and operating segment performance. Howard will share modeling guidance and outlook going forward, and then Jim will close with an update on our earnings drivers. Following that, we will take your questions. Now, let me turn the call to Jim.
Jim Fitterling: Thank you, Pankaj and thanks to everyone for joining us today. Starting on Slide 3, Dow continue to capture strong demand across our value chains during the second quarter. Team Dow is focused on execution, cost discipline and balanced capital allocation, enabled us to deliver our strongest quarterly earnings performance in the company's history, both pre and post spin with substantial growth in net sales and earnings year-over-year and sequentially. We achieved double-digit sales gains in all operating segments and businesses. A 66% increase in sales relative to the year-ago period, was led by local price improvement of 53% combined with a 9% volume increase. Robust demand and the recovery of the global economy continues from the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. Sales increased 17% sequentially, underpinned by tight supply and demand fundamentals across all of our value chain. We delivered higher operating EBIT of $2.8 billion year-over-year and $1.3 billion sequentially, with improvements in all segments and businesses. These gains were fueled by strong top line growth and margin expansion. We also benefited from increased equity earnings, up more than $370 million year-over-year, led by higher margins at Sadara and the Kuwait joint ventures. Sequentially, equity earnings were up $54 million primarily from the Thai joint ventures. Cash flow from operations was $2 billion and free cash flow was $1.7 billion, up significantly both year-over-year and sequentially. This enabled a balanced execution of our capital allocation priorities. We continued our proactive liability management actions by reducing gross debt by more than $1 billion in the quarter, and reducing our annual interest expense by $35 million. Today Dow has no substantial long-term debt maturities due until the end of 2025. We also returned more than $700 million to shareholders in the quarter through our industry-leading dividend and we resumed our share buyback program to cover dilution. Finally, we continue to advance Dow's ESG priorities by releasing our consolidated ESG report, INtersections, which provides enhanced transparency on our environmental, social and governance priorities. The interactive digital report can be found at the top of our corporate website. In summary, Team Dow maintained a relentless focus on meeting increasing customer demand despite lingering supply impacts across many value chains and marking a strong rebound from Winter Storm Uri. We continue to execute on our operational and financial playbook, delivering another strong quarter and a solid first half performance. Turning to our segment performance on Slide 4, in the Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment, operating EBIT was $2 billion, up nearly $1.7 billion year-over-year and more than $780 million sequentially. Price gains in both businesses and in all regions led to integrated margin improvement and increased equity earnings. On a sequential basis, the segment expanded operating EBIT margins by 810 basis points on continued local price gains in olefins and in packaging applications. The Packaging and Specialty Plastics business reported sales gains year-over-year, driven by improvement in packaging applications for industrial and consumer packaging, and flexible food and beverage packaging and markets. Volumes declined year-over-year and sequentially due to the lower polyethylene supply from the lingering effects of Winter Storm Uri and our own planned maintenance turnarounds. Compared to the prior quarter, the business delivered local price gains in all regions. Moving to the Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure segment, operating EBIT was nearly $650 million, up more than $860 million year-over-year, primarily due to the pandemic recovery combined with tight supply and strong demand in both businesses. Sequentially, operating EBIT was up $320 million and operating EBIT margins expanded by 640 basis points, driven by margin improvement and offset somewhat by continued supply constraints from Winter Storm Uri. The Polyurethanes & Construction Chemicals business increased net sales compared to the year-ago period on strong local price in all value chains, demand recovery and durable goods and appliances and construction end markets and currency tailwinds. Despite industry supply chain challenges across a number of end markets, including mobility, the business delivered sequential sales growth on increased local price and volumes. The Industrial Solutions business delivered a net sales improvement compared to the year-ago period as a result of local price gains in offerings for coatings, industrial and electronics end markets across all regions. Improved demand for materials used in industrial manufacturing, coatings and infrastructure were more than offset by planned maintenance turnarounds and some third-party supplier limitations. Net sales also increased sequentially on local price gains in all regions. And finally, the Performance Materials & Coatings segment reported operating EBIT of $225 million, up nearly $200 million from the year-ago period. Operating EBIT margins increased 760 basis points on price gains and strong consumer and industrial demand recovery. Sequentially, operating EBIT was up more than $160 million due to price momentum and lower planned maintenance costs. The Consumer Solutions business achieved higher net sales year-over-year as demand recovery for silicones products led to local price and volume gains in all regions. Sequentially, the business achieved broad based volume growth due to lower planned maintenance activity and strong demand in silicones applications, including personal care, as certain geographies began to experience an increase in travel and a return to workplace and social activities with notable improvements in China. The Coatings & Performance Monomers business delivered higher net sales year-over-year, driven by price gains in all regions. Increased demand for coatings application was offset by lingering raw material and logistical constraints from Winter Storm Uri. Sequentially, the business achieved local price gains on tight supply and strong demand fundamentals and increased raw material costs, as well as increased volume from strong seasonal demand for industrial and architectural coatings. Now, I'll turn it over to Howard to review our outlook.
Howard Ungerleider: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Moving to our third quarter modeling guidance on Slide 5, strong consumer demand trends continue in retail, housing and the manufacturing sectors, and inventory levels remain low across most of our value chains. We expect these dynamics to continue to support price strength in the third quarter as the industry continues to work to fulfill pent-up demand. In our Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment, downstream converter and brand owner inventories remained at all-time lows with balances very tight. Recent small increases in producer inventories are due to a heavy turnaround season for the industry and yet industry days demand and inventory actually declined nearly 8% month-over-month on tight supply, coupled with increased domestic and export demand. This data includes Dow where we expect an approximately $150 million increase in the third quarter turnaround spending sequentially for planned maintenance at our crackers in Canada and in Spain as well as $100 million lower earnings from non-recurring licensing activity, which occurred in the second quarter. ACC data indicates domestic demand for packaging applications reached its strongest level in history in June and we expect a continuation of these positive demand trends as customers are reporting 45 to 60 day backlogs. Moving to Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure, strong consumer demand for durable goods continues underpinned by order strength throughout the value chain. Housing and construction markets particularly in the U.S continue to support robust demand for polyurethane applications. Industrial and oil related end markets are expected to continue to see gradual recovery sequentially, providing additional support for solvents and other industrial solutions. We also expect $30 million of additional planned maintenance turnaround spending at our joint ventures in the quarter. And in Performance Materials & Coatings, we expect a continuation with strong demand for electronics, mobility and infrastructure silicone solutions. We expect to benefit as social activity increases on easing pandemic related restrictions, including sequential improvement for personal care applications. These trends are supporting price momentum across the silicones value chain, and we anticipate increased turnaround spending of approximately $30 million in our consumer solutions business in the quarter, including a turnaround at our siloxane [pillar] (ph) plant in Barry. Demand for do-it-yourself architectural coatings remains robust, and we expect to see an increase in contractor related demand as new home builds increase and consumer and home social engagements begin to resume. Altogether with robust demand expected to continue, our advantage portfolio is positioned to capture significant value moving forward. We've updated a few full year items which can be found in the appendix of the slide presentation. Notably we are expecting higher equity earnings and with the improved earnings profile at Sadara, we now anticipate approximately $50 million of cash inflow to Dow in 2021. Turning to Slide 6, around the world increasingly positive trends indicate we remain in the early stages of economic recovery with an extended runway for growth. While industrial production is up nearly 20% over the year-ago low, it still has not reached pre-pandemic levels. Retail inventory to sales is at its lowest levels in more than three decades and strong demand continues to counter near-term potential restocking efforts. U.S housing starts increased again in May, and are projected to continue rising, supported by limited supply of single-family homes due to a decade of under building. And the proposed U.S infrastructure bill has the potential to further elevate the already strong GDP estimates projected around the world. As vaccination rates increase around the world and economies continue to reopen, pent-up consumer demand and increased personal savings built over the past year should also provide an additional boost to the global economy. Consumer confidence continues to climb on conviction that economic conditions will continue to improve, supporting continued purchases of homes, automobiles and other durable goods. Business travel sentiment continued to improve in May with more than half of U.S companies planning to resume domestic business travel within the next 3 months. The personal care market, which has been one of the slowest to recover began to see a rebound in the second quarter. The increases in U.S cosmetics and beauty products sales on rise in consumer demand. And as borders reopen, recreational activities and international travel should also boost economic activity, while we're mindful that there will absolutely be some regional variations in the timing and the pace of the recovery. Along with these trends, we anticipate the strong demand we experienced in the second quarter across our polyethylene, polyurethane, acrylic and silicone chains to extend through the second half of 2021. Polyethylene demand growth, for example, is projected to outpace supply additions in the near-term with pricing strength and resilient margins on a sustained and favorable oil to gas ratio with the majority of industry capacity adds coming in the higher end of the cost curve. Altogether, we expect these strong market dynamics, tight supply demand fundamentals and ongoing economic expansion across our key chains to continue to drive earnings and cash flow growth. With that, I'll turn it back to Jim.
Jim Fitterling: Thank you, Howard. Turning to Slide 7. Dow's consumer driven portfolio is uniquely positioned to benefit from the demand trends that Howard outlined a moment ago, which continued to translate into an attractive $650 billion addressable market with approximately 1.3x to 1.5x GDP growth across our packaging, infrastructure, mobility and consumer care and markets. These demand trends in our fast growing markets are underpinned by an accelerated transition toward more sustainable materials, providing ample opportunities for Dow to continue to innovate with our customers and brand owners to enhance the sustainability of our products and value chains, while advancing our net zero carbon and circular economy targets. For example, as the mobility sector continues its transition to more sustainable solutions, electric and autonomous vehicles offer upside of approximately 50% more revenue across multiple Dow chemistries versus traditional internal combustion engine vehicles, including high value polyurethanes, silicones and silicone hybrid based adhesives and engineering sealants widely used in battery assembly, noise and vibration reduction, drivetrain, comfort and heat management applications. Our new Dow silicone technologies for electric and hybrid vehicle applications help OEMs to meet the evolving needs of automotive electrification, while advancing vehicle performance, reliability and sustainability. And we recently introduced SPECFLEX C, a new polyurethane solution sourced from recycled raw materials to help automotive OEMs meet demand for more circular products and their sustainability goals. We also continue to align our growth CapEx to address this growing market demand for sustainable materials. This quarter, we outlined our roadmap to reduce CO2 emissions by more than 40% by 2030 from our manufacturing operations in Terneuzen, The Netherlands. And Dow and Shell demonstrated progress on our joint technology to electrically heat steam cracker furnaces receiving partial funding from the Dutch government and together we are evaluating construction of a multi megawatt pilot plant with start up in 2025. We plan to share more detail on our strategic and financial priorities to continue creating long-term value for all our stakeholders at our upcoming 2021 Investor Day on October 6, which will be hosted both virtually and in person in New York City. Stay tuned for more details, we look forward to engaging with you. On Slide 8, as we shared last quarter, we continue to see demand across our ethylene, polyethylene, polyurethanes, acrylic and silicones value chains, outpacing supply through 2021 and stay in balanced in the near-term. These market dynamics will be further supported through 2022 and beyond by the GDP fueled market growth trends we just discussed. Some industry views call for softening conditions, largely based on their view of announced capacity additions. However, they do not account for industry delays and cancellations and when coupled with elevated demand growth from continued reopening of the global economy will likely lead to tighter than forecasted market conditions, all of which will result in continued earnings, margin and cash flow growth for Dow in the near-term. And while we capture these improved earnings in our core businesses, our current slate of lower capital, faster payback and higher return capacity expansions will generate an additional $1 billion of accretive earnings over the next several years, with many projects delivering earnings already this year, such as our ethylene derivatives at the Thai joint ventures, polyethylene for high-performance packaging applications at our Alberta operations, and surfactants for leading brand owners laundry and home care end markets. And notably, in the second quarter, we progressed our polyethylene glycol incremental expansion, completing customer qualification ahead of schedule and beginning shipments of our industry leading CARBOWAX SENTRY, polyethylene glycol, active pharmaceutical ingredients. Combined with favorable supply and demand fundamentals, these projects further enable Dow to continue to deliver significant value for our owners over this foreseeable future. We'll close on Slide 9. Our steadfast execution of the operational and financial playbook that we outlined at spin, combined with our agile response to market conditions over the past year have enabled us to deliver strong performance and enhanced value to our shareholders. We are uniquely positioned to continue building on that strong foundation today. Our value proposition starts with our differentiated portfolio and an asset base that is characterized by first our feedstock flexibility and position, which supports our low cost position and enables us to drive higher asset utilization and maximize cash margins as we quickly balance our feedstock and product mix to supply and demand dynamics. And second, our leading scale global footprint and differentiated portfolio provide us with access to high growth and markets in all major regions. We have achieved strong performance in this early part of the economic recovery and remain advantage through our participation in higher margin functional polymers, silicones and formulated systems. We continue to develop innovative solutions to address our customer's needs and capture the opportunities arising from critical market trends. Our high value adhesives and innovative packaging solutions support the rapidly growing e-commerce sector. Through our mobility science platform, we are targeting low carbon enabling mobility, electric and autonomous vehicle opportunities. More broadly, across our portfolio, we are enhancing the sustainability of our solutions and the value chains they serve. For example, deploying lower carbon energy solutions in gas trading, carbon capture and concentrated solar power at our operations. And through value chain collaboration, we are increasing post consumer recycled content in our products, and enabling the design of fully recyclable packaging. Today, more than 80% of Dow products for packaging applications are reusable or recyclable. And our research and technical teams are working actively on the remainder to achieve that same goal. Beyond the strength of our portfolio and our innovation investments, our deliberate focus on operating discipline and balanced capital allocation approach are critical elements of our value creation playbook. We have achieved top quartile cost structure and cash conversion and our restructuring efforts will yield an additional $300 million in earnings, all while maintaining a best owner mindset. We also delivered a return on invested capital of greater than 14% on a trailing 12-month basis. At the same time, we have prioritized investments in our downstream higher margin, faster payback opportunities and upstream investments that expand our leading ESG profile, while increasing our capital expenditures by $350 million this year. We reduced net debt by approximately $5 billion since the end of 2018. Dow's strong operational and financial performance this year resulted in a credit rating upgrade by S&P and an upgraded outlook by Fitch, supporting our strong investment grade balance sheet. And we continue to return significant cash to shareholders through our industry leading dividend. In closing, Dow is uniquely advantaged to continue delivering value through our best-in-class consumer led portfolio, our leadership in innovation and sustainability and our strong operating and financial discipline. With that, I'll turn it back to Pankaj to open the Q&A.
Pankaj Gupta: Thank you, Jim. Now let's move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar: Yes, good morning. Jim, the arbitrages between U.S. prices for polyethylene and other commodities versus Asia are growing. And this was evident in your pricing where U.S. pricing was 2x that of that in Asia. So how much of this is driven by the shipping tightness? And is the shipping tightness or logistical challenges impacting your business? Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, P.J. Thanks for the question. Obviously, days sales and inventory in North America went down. And I think what you saw was ourselves and most producers actually exported less into China. That was part of it. Also, you had a big rise in the cash flow part of the cost curve. So even though the arbitrages are where they are, most of the producers and China are running at cash flow breakeven. So our outlook is that demand here and around the world continues to be strong. I don't think you'll see a chance for us to build any inventory through the third quarter, there are still a fair number of planned turnarounds. And our view is with these GDP growth rates, or 6% for this year, and currently forecasted at 4.5%, maybe 5% for next year there's going to be quite a demand for polyethylene.
Operator: We'll take our next question from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. Jim, consultants are calling July to be the peak for integrated ethylene, polyethylene margins and then erosion to the rest of the year. What's your view on these margins and the cadence of declines in the back half of the year?
Jim Fitterling: Thanks, David. Good morning. Right now, the July order book is stronger than we saw through the second quarter. I expect that we'll continue to stay that way through the quarter. In some views, we probably had our highest raw material prices in the second quarter, because of the ethane frac spreads went up fairly dramatically. I do expect we'll see some of that soften as we move forward. I think long-term we expect natural gas prices to be between $2.75 and $3 a million BTU. So that that's positive. And with these oil to gas ratios, I think we're going to see that continue. One of the things that happened with oil, obviously, as everybody looked at the oil supply coming on, but I think they failed to look at demand for oil. And as the economy reopens, there's going to be another step up in demand. So I think some of that supply is just necessary to get ready for the increase in demand that's coming.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Frank Mitsch with Fermium Research.
Frank Mitsch: Good morning, folks and congrats. Jim and Howard, you guys have previously spoken that peak EBITDA at Dow would be $12 billion or greater. And as I look at the first half of the year, we're essentially at that run rate. So question is, are we at peak? And if so, how sustainable is it or would you like to take this opportunity and offer a -- offer an upgrade there?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Frank, and thanks. Look, we're at a pretty good run rate right now. Our expectation for third quarter is fairly similar. We really only have a couple of items that are negative on third quarter, just a couple of more turnarounds and some one-time catalysts sales that don't repeat. But given that, that looks good. In addition, I talked a little bit about incremental growth projects. Those projects, some of which are already starting up this year give us the ability to add another $1 billion of EBITDA to those numbers. So I think we're showing with the work that we've done on the balance sheet with the work that we've done on reliability, and the incremental expansions that we're making, as these other geographies come out of the pandemic like India, Brazil and Southeast Asia, and we see personal care, plus the industrial and service markets come back I think there's a potential for more.
Howard Ungerleider: Frank, this is Howard. I would just add to that there's also self help. So we've got the restructuring from last year, that's going to continue to be a tailwind for us this year and into next year. That's a $300 million tailwind total over the 2-year period. And then the investments we're making in digital, we expect will be at least another $300 million. So if you add that to Jim's numbers, you're talking about more than $1.6 billion of organic indoor self help regardless of the macros. But the macros, as Jim talked about earlier, are very, very strong and we don't see that abating in the near-term.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Just looking at Slide 8 on the PE, MDI and siloxane S&D and utilization rates, the three utilization rate ranges that you have, I just look at siloxane, and it is very narrow, the range of outcomes on S&D in '22 and it gets wider as you get out to '26. Whereas it looks like it's the opposite for PE and MDI. So what is it about siloxane that creates more of an uncertain medium term outlook from an S&D and capacity utilization perspective?
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Thank you, Vince. The siloxane business hasn't seen a lot of recent capacity as obviously we've been working on reliability and doing some turnaround work in our own assets. I think a lot of it is really end market driven and the positive side on the demand for downstream silicones is that you've got a tremendous draw as you move into things like electric vehicles. We're still seeing strong growth in housing, and also in large building projects around the world. So I think that's going to continue. My other thought is that our sustainable portfolio from our standpoint, when you look at the sourcing of our silicone metals, is going to allow us to be able to meet some of our brand owners sustainability demands, and that's going to be positive for Dow. You've got some older assets out there. You've got to keep an eye on that about 4% to 5% of the industry capacity is older, high cost and has a pretty high CO2 footprint. And so we're keeping an eye on that.
Operator: We'll take our next question with Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Thanks very much. Also on Slide 8, you talked about a Canada cracker expansion. In the old days you used to talk about expanding PE by 600,000 tons a year, which was supposed to happen in the second half of 2022. Is that what that is, or is that something different? And when you did previously talk about a 600,000 ton expansion, is that still going through? And then secondly, on Slide 14, you said your turnarounds this year were $500 million higher than last year. Is that a normal number? What's your normal turnaround costs in a year?
Jim Fitterling: Thanks, Jeff. Two good questions. In Canada, that expansion is an addition of another furnace and some work on the debottlenecking of the backend of the cracker up there. And we have the available capacity in Canada to convert that to polyethylene. So that add is probably about half of that 600 kt that you're talking about in terms of available pounds. There was a project that we had slated to build in the U.S Gulf Coast of 600 kt. And when COVID hit, we pushed out and we're dusting that off right now and we're going to make a decision on that sometime this year. So we are continuing to look at expanding in the plastics portfolio downstream. And with the work we've done on reliability, we've got the ethylene within our portfolio to be able to fuel that and make that happen. On turnarounds, again, with cash flow being tight last year, we pushed some into this year. Maybe, Howard, you can comment on what is a more normal number going forward?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, I mean, look, Jeff, last year, as Jim says, we pushed a lot of turnaround. So 2020 versus 2019 was down about $200 million. We expect this year, as you said, to be up about $500 million. It really does depend. I mean, we've got cracker assets around the world, as you know. And I would say in a typical year, we do between one and three. And so if you want to say on average, it's two a year. That would tell you that the average turnaround is probably in the range of $1 billion plus or minus. And this year, it's going to be a little bit above trend line because of push out from last year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Duffy Fischer with Barclays.
Duffy Fischer: Yes. Good morning. Just wanted to triangulate if I could. Pricing for polyethylene is up about 6% as we exited the quarter versus the average for Q2. But when you gave your guidance for the sales growth from Q2 to Q3 for that segment, it's flat up 2%. So if you just flat line price and you kept the volume the same, you should be up roughly 6%. Can you just triangulate back that 4% as missing? Is that a lack of volume? Or do you see the price rolling over in the back part of the quarter that would get us to equal there?
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Thanks, Duffy. Inventories are real tight right now. And as I mentioned, we haven't been able to really build anything. So with turnarounds in front of us in this quarter, we've been a bit conservative on the volume thats in that third quarter outlook. Obviously, we are going to try to be able to beat that. And I would say on pricing, we are still seeing some positive upward price movement on certain grades of product. High density, for example, right now is pretty tight. And so I think you're going to continue to see some price movement upward there. But overall, as we get through the turnarounds in the third quarter, I think you're going to see that we are going to have plenty of available volume to move, and that will start to add toward the end of the quarter and into the fourth quarter.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Hassan Ahmed with Alembic Global.
Hassan Ahmed: Good morning, Jim and Howard. As I heard your commentary, it seems, obviously, the fundamentals are looking very strong, near to medium term at least. Obviously, thats reflected in your strong cash flow. And then again, you made a comment about no sort of significant debt payments due until 2025. So my question is, how are you guys thinking about share buybacks? I mean, you guys did around $200 million of buybacks in Q2, enough to offset dilution. But with the way the balance sheet is right now, the way the fundamentals seem to be, are you guys thinking about a more significant buyback program?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Hassan. Let me take a shot at that, and I'll ask Howard to chime in as well. As of the end of second quarter, we've paid out about 88% of net income in dividends and share buybacks since the spin. So thats well above our 65% through the cycle guideline. And we just brought back buybacks in the quarter to start to cover dilution. And what we bought was about $200 million worth of shares during the quarter. So that's our priority. I would also say that, remember, we have organic growth in front of us, and so we're going to need some money to go into incremental growth CapEx. This year, we will be at $1.6 billion. We need a couple more years to get up to depreciation levels, which is about $2.2 billion and we have the projects, and they're good projects, lined up to do that. Howard, any other comments?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. The only other thing I would say, Hassan, you saw we reinitiated in the second quarter, as you said, with the $200 million. I would say that for modeling purposes, that's a good quarterly run rate for the back half of the year. And then as we get to the end of the year, at Investor Day, we will talk more about 2022.
Operator: We'll take our next question from John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets.
John McNulty: Yes, thanks for taking my question. Just a quick one. With regard to the impact in PSP and I&I around the Uri volumes, can you give us a little clarity on how much that nicked you in 2Q? Because I assume thats all in the rearview mirror and we should be kind of [technical difficulty] look to 3Q? And is that right?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, John. I think your assumption is right. They were impacted pretty hard in 2Q, and we should see that come back. And the assets are running very hard right now. The only caveat to that, I would say, is that there are still a couple of lines where some raw material supply limitations, small raw materials are important in making those products, sometimes cause us a little bit of a backlog. I think most of that capacity was out during the month of April. And so as you think about it and go forward in Q3, I would say you'll have three solid months of production, where last quarter we had two, and we pulled hard out of inventory. And so I don't think that we are going to have a chance to rebuild inventories until maybe the end of the year. And that would all depend on if the economy slows down. As Howard mentioned, weve customers, and most of them in those chains that have 45 to 60-day backlog. So our view is we're going to be running hard through the end of the year and right into 2022.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: A little bit related there, Jim and Howard, but Dow and the industry had a much harder time recovering from Winter Storm Uri. If we had a similar situation again, would the impact likely be the same? Or has there been some learnings or changes that would mitigate the effect if we had a repeat of this?
Jim Fitterling: Yes. That's a good question, John. We do like we do after a hurricane, we -- after every hurricane or weather event, we get the team together and we take a look at what worked well and what didn't work so well. Uri was a little bit different in that it was so widespread. And it was not just us, but it was everything upstream and downstream of us, gas production, electricity, water. The biggest damage, obviously, was freeze-ups. And so you can't winterize everything to prepare for that, but you can winterize some things. And if you have some advanced notice, you can actually take some things down and protect them. And so the team has gone through that. And we've got an updated game plan on what we would do in the face of a situation like that again. I think the whole industry is going through it. I know ERCOT is going through that on the power side. Winterization is a big part of what they're doing and what they're requesting us to do as well because we are a supplier into ERCOT. So I do think there's some positive developments since Winter Storm Uri. And the widespread nature of it is what caught everybody and has taken so long to work through.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Sison with Wells Fargo.
Michael Sison: Hey, guys. Nice quarter. I think PE prices are at all-time highs and obviously, demand is strong and supply is super low. Just curious, though, do you think there's a fundamental change in demand for polyethylene on a structural basis, maybe post the pandemic? Is it possible that we're really going to be above that one three to one five GDP going forward? And then just curious what you think would need to happen for prices to fall.
Jim Fitterling: Yes, Michael. Thanks for the question. Weve seen a change in buying behavior from customers. And so there are some areas that really drive a lot of packaging-like e-commerce activity, which I don't think it is going to go backward. I also think that the fact that plastic packaging is so lightweight and so strong and it is the lowest carbon footprint package out there, you are going to continue to see a drive toward that. For most companies, the shipping costs and the CO2 footprint, and the shipping cost will drive that. And so I just use a paper versus plastic scenario in a grocery store. One truckload of plastic shopping bags would take four to five truckloads of paper bags to replace it. So I think you're going to see as carbon comes into the equation that it advantages plastics greatly. I don't think there's something that's going to see it long-term move above 1.5. For many, many decades, it's been in that 1.5 type of GDP growth rate. I think that will stay. There are some functional polymers that are made out of ethylene and polyethylene derivatives that are continuing to grow, materials for construction that are positive. You're going to see growth in some other applications like products that go into alternative energy, both solar panels for encapsulation, wind blades, and other types of applications. So I think we can sustain that over a long period of time, which is positive.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Bob Koort: Thanks very much. Jim, I wanted to ask you, maybe it dovetails on Mike's question, but in terms of PE demand growth in that multiplier, the Dow and the industry is also embracing the circular economy. Just curious what effect you think the recycling initiatives and circular initiatives out there? What that might do to virgin demand growth rates relative to that sort of 1.5 times GDP multiplier?
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Good question, Bob. We are seeing a real demand pull from consumers and brand owners that want more post-consumer recycled material in there or they want more material thats made from either a biosource to ethylene or something that is made from advanced recycling to get back to feedstock and back to a product. I think the drivers that are going to help on the virgin side of things are obviously redesign of packaging types on flexible packaging, many packages are complicated and hard to recycle. I think one of the positives of our portfolio right now is the greater than 80% of our portfolio is fully recyclable or reusable today, and the research team and the tech service team are working hard to get the rest of that to 100%. All the brand owners are working on redesigns right now of different packages to move away from complex structures into simpler structures. We use that bare naked granola [ph] example with Kellogg's, where that package has been redesigned. This is going on across the value chain. We are seeing the investments in mechanical recycling and advanced recycling pick-up. We are seeing the number of states that are approving advanced recycling projects pick up. And I think our next big impact is going to be on infrastructure at the state and local level to allow more collection of curbside recycling of more products. And that will be the next drive north. We still have a long way to go even to catch up with Europe. In the United States, weve a long way to go to get to that 35% of recycling. We set a target by 2030 to collect or reuse or recycle 1 million metric tons of plastic through our own actions and partnerships. And I can tell you, Im pushing the team to always pull that number forward and get that done faster. And I think we're seeing real demand in taking recycled packaging products into some things that are more durable and longer lived, building materials, using recycled plastics in aggregate for roadways, architectural decking, all kinds of things that are upgrading the use of end-of-life plastics. So I think over time, it's going to be a real positive.
Operator: The next question comes from Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander: Good morning. What price of carbon do you currently use for evaluating growth projects? And is it high enough that you are actually seeing it skew the types of projects that you're considering from what you would have considered otherwise?
Jim Fitterling: Yes, thats a good question. I would say today the price is around 50 to 55 a ton. I mean, that's what we see today in the EU on the market and translate that back into dollars as well. I would say that is not a high enough price of carbon to drive the change that needs to be made because the lower carbon technologies are much more expensive than that. But it is enough to put pressure on us to make sure that all of our projects have lower carbon approaches to them. And one of the things we will talk about at Investor Day is the work we did to kind of outline the next 20, 30 years of how we would get there. I think carbon capture, as we talk about, as we get beyond this infrastructure build that's in front of Congress right now and we get to the next step, youve got to look at advanced technologies. And carbon capture and blue hydrogen are two that we have to keep an eye on. Those are the lowest cost next step for us to get our industry to low CO2. But they're a lot more than 55 a ton to deliver that. And so without the right tax incentive or support from government in terms of investment in those technologies, you would need a market price on carbon that is much higher than that. We are right on top of that and we are very attuned with that. And thats one of the things that we're piloting in Terneuzen. That's the 40% reduction that I talked about by 2030, is we are looking at blue hydrogen and carbon capture to try to make an improvement at that site.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets.
Arun Viswanathan: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on the strong results here. You had mentioned some comments on supply additions being at the high-end of the cost curve. Could you just maybe remind us what your assumptions are on how much polyethylene capacity is being added in the rest of '21 and where that is coming, whether it be in, again, China or other regions? And also for '22, what do you expect on that side? And have you seen any changes as far as projects being accelerated that were potentially pushed out during COVID or returning back to the table? And then longer term, do you expect new projects to be announced? It sounds like the market -- it sounds like you're indicating the market is going to be very tight for a little while and you don't see any letup in demand. So looks like we would potentially need some more capacity and North America looks like an interesting place for that addition. So is that kind of within your thinking as well? Thanks.
Jim Fitterling: Thanks, Arun. Good question. I will try to remember all of that so that I can get it all out. About 50% of the global polyethylene adds through 2025 are higher-cost naphtha or coal to olefins or methanol to olefins. About 35% are naphtha, about 15% are coal to olefins, methanol to olefins. 60% of the capacity adds through 2025 are in Northeast Asia. And when you think about the Chinese projects that are in construction or in start up phase, about 50% of those will come to market around the announced dates. And so thats -- in 2021 to 2023, thats about 12 million metric tons out of 24 total. Capacity increases are going to obviously reduce some imports into China. And so that will be domestic. And we don't see China as being an exporter at those levels. I would also say that youve got some existing crackers that are considered unreliable due to some trade risk, but it's only in the neighborhood of 2 million to 3 million metric tons. Long-term, right now, there are supply demand -- there are supply additions that are about 31 million metric tons on the books. In our view, on delays or cancellations, are in the 6 million to 15 million metric tons on delays or cancellations. Demand growth is going to be 25 million metric tons. So we're going to be balanced to short by about 9 million metric tons during that time frame. And in the near term, with these GDP growth rates, things are going to be tight. So we're looking at growth. I mentioned to Jeff's question earlier a 600 kt expansion on polyethylene, that's in the cards. Incremental expansions on ethylene, those are in the cards. We are doing work on our own FCDh technology and our EDH technology in the Gulf to try to have low carbon moves forward. I think one of the things that has to be resolved before you see a next wave of announcements is what are the policies going to be in the United States around carbon, carbon border adjustment mechanisms, carbon tax, perhaps a voluntary emissions trading scheme. And we have to know what those are. We have to know how China is going to play on the global footprint. And we have to see how Europe is moving forward. All of those have to be resolved before we can see what the right place is to make that next step. But we are working on projects, and we're looking for the right opportunity.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Yefremov with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Alex Yefremov: Thank you. Jim, just to continue on the subject, you mentioned that the price of carbon in Europe is currently not high enough to really provide incentive to implement these technologies. As this price rises and Europe implements the tax to help domestic industry sort of absorb these higher carbon prices, do you think that ultimately amount to something neutral for Dow Chemical? Because having capacity in Europe you will directly or indirectly benefit from these import taxes?
Jim Fitterling: I think it -- thanks, Aleksey. I think it can be done. And Ive said before and I will continue to say it, we need to have a real constructive and open dialogue about how much it costs to do this. I think, idealistically, everybody is in agreement that we want to make improvements and we want to reduce carbon emissions and we want to get to net zero. But nobody's yet, at a government level or any level, having the educated discussion that we need to have about the cost of doing this. What will happen in Europe is Europe has -- the way the emissions trading game works in Europe is they have price for carbon, but they also have allowances for energy -- for emissions emitters. And if you are under your allowances, you can trade those carbon credits. What they will do over time is they will ratchet back the allowances and they will start to put everybody over their allowances and that will start to drive the prices up and that will drive the incentives to make the conversion. So Europe is less concerned right now with what the cost is to everybody and more concerned with trying to drive that number up and drive the conversion. And we are in the middle there trying to talk to them realistically about what the price is to do this, what the technologies are today, and scale up the ones that we think are the most cost effective going forward, blue hydrogen, carbon capture to be able to do that. So I think as we work through that over the next 2 or 3 years, we will start to make some progress to that. And I would say all heavy industry and the power and utility sector are taking a look at this, but with eyes wide open that it's not free. And the other thing to remember on hydrogen, is as you move to a hydrogen economy, the most effective way to make most of that hydrogen is through steam methane reforming which uses natural gas, which means you are going to need a lot more natural gas production to make that hydrogen. And thats one of the other discussions that is difficult to get on the table right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Byrne with Bank of America.
Steve Byrne: Yes. Thank you. So, Jim, you are really leading this initiative on net zero. I mean, you are the -- you are clearly one of the few that have a net zero greenhouse gas emission target for 2050. I'm curious to hear your view as to whats driving that? I mean, clearly, there's not U.S. government policy driving that. You are describing a carbon tax in Europe thats insufficient to incentivize that. Is there any opportunity that you see that downstream revenue could be enhanced from it? I'm not sure how, but there's clearly ways for you to premium price for a recycled product or renewable product. But a low carbon footprint product, is there a revenue potential that could help drive a return on that CapEx, or is this all really self motivated?
Jim Fitterling: Good question, Steve. We are starting to see consumer preference drive the brand owners for lower carbon and more recyclable products. And clearly, both the brand owners and ourselves are in the space, that we want to make investments in that area, but we want those investments to be value accretive. So as you say, the policies are not there right now. And what we are trying to work through are the right set of policies that we need to make value creating investments going forward. I would say the consumer drive and the consumer preference on this is going to be the thing that makes it happen. The other reality is, I believe that the market premiums are starting to show up in some of the plastics today. When it comes to post-consumer recycled materials into packaging, we are seeing a strong pull from the brand owners and we are starting to see premiums. If you go back a decade, we had not seen that. And so you've got brand owners who are announcing that they're allocating premiums for recycled materials to address circularity, I think thats a sign that their customers want it. And when you get it down to a per package basis, it's very small. The problem comes through the value chain and the cost to manufacture the materials. But if you take it down to a per package basis on the shelf at a supermarket, it might add $0.01 to the cost of a product that you buy. It isn't significant at the consumer level. It's significant through the value chain.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes. Good morning. Jim, I wanted to ask you about industrial intermediates where your operating income more or less doubled sequentially. Two parts. Can you talk about the upside relative to your expectations 3 months ago? How much might have been polyurethanes versus other industrial chemicals? And then given that momentum and your sales forecast of flat to up 3%, do you have a strong view today as to whether third quarter could be flat, up or down profit wise sequentially?
Jim Fitterling: Good -- thats a good question. In Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure on the polyurethane side, we saw strong demand for both polyols and isocyanates in the polyurethane side and in construction chemicals for chemicals that are made from those raw materials going into not only single-family homes, but also larger construction like commercial construction. I think those demands are going to continue to stay strong and the supply demand will continue to be tight. You saw strong pricing in both PO as well as isocyanates. There's not a lot of new capacity coming on in that space. And then additionally, in ethylene oxide and ethylene oxide derivatives in the industrial solutions business, those end markets are continuing to grow. And on top of that, weve several new capacity adds that are coming for things like pharmaceutical incipient, a product called polyethylene glycol that we just made an expansion on, weve got some other materials coming through there. And we have a host of low VOC solvents in that portfolio that go into the coatings sector. So around the world, as coatings move away from traditional organic solvents into waterborne or lower VOC solvents, that benefits our portfolio. That same trend, by the way, helps us in cleaning chemicals or cleaning products that you might use in your home, and we see that both from a brand owner and an industrial side as well. So I think those will continue our expectation on third quarter in those businesses are very similar to second quarter.
Pankaj Gupta: Very good. Thank you. That concludes our call today. We appreciate your interest in Dow. For your reference, a copy of our transcript will be posted on Dow's website within 24 hours. Thank you.
Operator: And that does conclude todays conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-22 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to Dows First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Pankaj Gupta. Please go ahead, sir.
Pankaj Gupta: Good morning. Thank you for joining Dows first quarter earnings call. This call is available via our webcast and we have prepared slides to supplement our comments today. They are posted on the Investor Relations section of Dows website and through the link to our webcast. I am Pankaj Gupta, Investor Relations Vice President for Dow and joining me on the call today are Jim Fitterling, Dows Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Howard Ungerleider, President and Chief Financial Officer. Please read the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the earnings news release and slides. During our call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations or predictions about the future. Because these statements are based on current assumptions and factors that involve risks and uncertainties, our actual performance and results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Dows Forms 10-Q and 10-K include detailed discussions of principal risks and uncertainties, which may cause such differences. Unless otherwise specified, all financials, where applicable, exclude significant items. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures is contained in the Dow earnings release, in the slides that supplement our comments today and on the Dow website. On Slide 2, you will see our agenda for the call. Jim will begin with the first quarter highlights and will discuss the companys operating segment performance. Howard will provide our modeling guidance and our latest benchmarking performance. And then Jim will close with an update on our plastics circularity roadmap and market outlook. Following that, we will take your questions. With that, I will turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Fitterling: Thank you, Pankaj and thanks to everyone for joining us today. Before we begin, I would like to recognize and thank Colleen Kay, who announced her retirement from Dow after over 31 years of outstanding service and also to welcome back Pankaj Gupta, who many of you already know. Starting on Slide 3, our results for the first quarter once again demonstrated the focus and agility of Team Dow which enabled us to quickly recover from the impact of winter storm Uri on the U.S. Gulf Coast. This event had a far-reaching impact across our industry and broader market. Our colleagues quickly and safely got our units back online some of which began coming up within a week of the storm. All impacted Dow units are back online and we have reached pre-storm operating rates by the end of March ahead of plan. Our teams efforts, combined with improving demand and tight industry supply conditions, drove results higher than the updated guidance we shared last month at the JPMorgan Investor Conference. At the company level, Dow achieved double-digit growth on the top and bottom lines, both year-over-year and sequentially. A few highlights in particular. Sales were up 22% year-over-year, with gains in all operating segments and in every region. We continued to benefit from strong price momentum with improvements in all segments, businesses and regions. Volume was in line with the year ago period as gains in construction, mobility, electronics and consumer durables end markets as well as higher energy demand were offset by supply constraints from the storm and we continue to improve our working capital efficiency with a net improvement of 3 days. Sales were also up sequentially with growth in all segments and regions. This top line growth and our continued focus on cost discipline led to bottom line growth and our highest EBIT quarter since spin. We achieved more than $700 million of EBIT growth from the year ago period and $500 million sequentially. We delivered equity earnings improvements of more than $300 million led by Sadara. Earlier this month, Sadara with help from Dow and Saudi Aramco worked to bring its mixed feed cracker back online faster than anticipated and downstream production units are also back at expected rates. We also completed key structural changes to our U.S. defined benefit pension plans in the quarter, which reduced the companys pension liability. Cash flow from operations was more than $750 million, excluding a $1 billion elective pension contribution. And Dow, Saudi Aramco and Sadara completed the joint ventures debt re-profiling, which will provide approximately $350 million cash tailwind to Dow in 2021. Sadara is now expected to be cash flow self-sufficient. In summary, Team Dow remained agile in an extremely dynamic business environment to deliver strong top and bottom line growth, positioning Dow for greater value creation going forward. Moving to our segment performance on Slide 4, in the Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment, operating EBIT was $1.2 billion, up nearly $650 million versus the same quarter last year and $448 million sequentially. Resilient demand, tight market supply, disciplined price volume management and polyethylene inventory levels at 5-year lows enabled momentum in polyethylene earnings. The Packaging & Specialty Plastics business achieved double-digit sales gains year-over-year and sequentially driven by local price momentum in all regions. Versus the year ago period, local price gains were led by improvement in industrial and consumer packaging and flexible food and beverage packaging applications. Moving to the Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure segment, operating EBIT was $326 million, up $151 million year-over-year due to strong supply and demand fundamentals in polyurethanes and construction chemicals and higher equity earnings led by continued improvement from Sadara. Sequentially, operating EBIT improved $30 million despite significant impact from winter storm Uri. The polyurethanes and construction and chemicals business achieved a double-digit net sales increase compared to the year ago period, led by local price momentum in polyurethanes. Demand growth in consumer durables and appliances and industrial end markets was more than offset by volume limitations on the U.S. Gulf Coast and other third-party supply constraints related to the storm. These pricing and volume dynamics also drove sequential sales growth. The Industrial Solutions business delivered net sales in line with the year ago period as higher prices in all regions were offset by volume constraints primarily due to winter storm Uri. Improved demand in textiles and electronics applications was more than offset by supply limitations. Net sales were also in line sequentially due to the same drivers. And finally, the Performance Materials & Coatings segment reported operating EBIT of $62 million down year-over-year as local price gains across the portfolio and strong demand for architectural coatings and silicones applications were more than offset by the impact of the winter storm as well as planned maintenance. Sequentially, operating EBIT was up $12 million. The Consumer Solutions business achieved higher net sales year-over-year on local price increases for siloxane and robust demand for consumer, electronics and mobility applications. These gains more than offset the impact from planned maintenance. Sequentially, the business delivered local price gains across all regions and achieved sequential volume gains in all regions except Asia-Pacific, where strong gains in performance silicones were more than offset by planned maintenance downtime at our Zhangjiagang siloxanes asset. The Coatings and Performance Monomers business delivered higher net sales year-over-year, driven by price gains in all regions, notably in acryling monomers due to strong supply and demand fundamentals. Supply constraints from winter storm Uri and planned maintenance at our Deer Park asset more than offset continued demand strength for architectural coatings. Sequentially, the business achieved price gains, particularly in accruing monomers due to increases in raw material costs. I will now turn it over to Howard to review modeling guidance and the results of our annual benchmarking.
Howard Ungerleider: Thank you, Jim. Moving to Slide 5, as we turn to the second quarter, market demand remains robust in packaging, electronics, mobility, architectural coatings as well as consumer durable end markets. While sectors like home care have begun to normalize, we do expect additional upside on continuing economic recovery in the industrial sector. And as travel, workplace and social activities resume, they will also provide a boost in demand for higher margin personal care applications as well as across the service sectors of the global economy. These constructive market trends will continue to support top and bottom line growth across all Dow operating segments in the second quarter. We are entering turnaround season in the Northern Hemisphere and we expect increased spending of approximately $125 million sequentially, particularly in the U.S. Gulf Coast, including a turnaround at one of our crackers in Louisiana. We also expect an additional $100 million from outages, including a third-party supply disruption on the U.S. Gulf Coast. Collectively, robust demand, tight supply, low inventories and increased raw material costs are providing support for prices across many of our value chains. We expect the constrained industry inventory levels to continue in the second quarter, preventing inventory builds until later this year as we focus on clearing the growing backlog of customer orders. All combined for the second quarter, we expect approximately $750 million to $800 million in higher earnings versus the prior quarter from a combination of earnings momentum in our key chains and lower sequential costs from winter storm Uri. This earnings growth will be partially offset by approximately $200 million to $250 million in higher costs from turnarounds and the third-party outage I mentioned. Altogether, we expect second quarter to be our strongest performance since spin. Moving to Slide 6, we are also updating a few key items in our full year modeling guidance. The positive momentum I just mentioned will also benefit our joint ventures, particularly Sadara. We also expect to see slightly higher turnaround spending than previously anticipated as winter storm Uri has put some upward pressure on the cost of materials and labor in the U.S. Gulf Coast. Finally, our decision to freeze our U.S. pension plan accruals and contribute $1 billion to the U.S. pension plan, along with the subsequent remeasurement, provides an approximately $200 million tailwind to pension expense year-over-year. Overall, for the remainder of the year, we continue to see broad-based economic momentum, recovery from winter storm Uri and elevated consumer demand. Moving to Slide 7, today, we also released our annual benchmarking update, which is available on our investor website and in this earnings presentation. I continue to be very proud of our teams efforts to achieve top quartile results across most of our peer comparison performance metrics. To summarize our results, at the enterprise level, our focus on cash extended Dows advantage on EBITDA to cash flow conversion and enabled free cash flow performance above peers, above the industry as well as above the broader market. This supported our continued leading dividend yield and further strengthened our balance sheet even through the pandemic. We also maintained our top quartile cost management and margin performance. At a segment level, Packaging & Specialty Plastics outperformed the pure median across adjusted operating EBITDA margin, free cash conversion and SG&A and R&D spend. And Dows operating EBITDA per pound of polyolefins capacity continues to outperform peers, expanding further in 2020. Both industrial intermediates and infrastructure as well as Performance Materials and Coatings, outperformed the pure median on cash conversion as well as on SG&A and R&D spend. We do see near-term opportunities to improve adjusted operating EBITDA growth by continuing to implement our faster payback, higher ROIC expansions. This includes our ethylene cracker expansion in Canada, our FCDh retrofit, our polyglycols expansion and our downstream silicones expansions as well. And projects like the South China Specialties Hub will enable us to capture higher value polyurethane systems and alkoxylates demand in the fast growing Asia-Pacific market. Looking ahead, we are well positioned to grow earnings and maintain our track record of cash generation. Our differentiated consumer-led portfolio with leading positions across most of the markets we serve enables us to capture growth in our key value chains and ongoing market recovery in automotive and personal care. For example, in the mobility global megatrend alone, electric vehicles use 3x to 4x more Dow silicone products than traditional vehicles. Together, our strong operational, financial and commercial playbook supported by the broadening economic recovery, positions Dow well for future earnings and cash flow growth. With that, I will turn it back to Jim.
Jim Fitterling: Thank you, Howard. Moving to Slide 8, before discussing the market outlook, I want to reinforce how sustainability continues to be another growth driver for Dow. Last quarter, we shared our roadmap to achieving our 2030 carbon reduction targets. And this past week, Columbia University and the Nature Conservancy announced our partnership to better account for the role of the materials and sustainable applications play in achieving emissions reduction, including plastics. Plastics have a lower carbon footprint than traditional materials and we are leading the way to a circular economy for plastics. Through our stop the waste and close the loop targets, we are enabling 1 million metric tons of plastics to be collected, reused or recycled by 2030 and targeting 100% of our products sold into packaging applications to be reusable or recyclable by 2035. These targets require innovation and collaboration in mechanical and advanced recycling, as well as in designing for recyclability. To that end, through collaboration across the value chain with Dows Pack Studios, we are working to accelerate sustainable packaging solutions, tailor-made for those customers and consumer brand owners, many of which have set targets to incorporate 25% or more post consumer recycled material in their products. We are helping consumer brands design their packaging to be fully recyclable. Our collaborations to develop fully formulated recyclable packaging solutions include developments with Kelloggs Kashi Bear Naked granola, Reckitt Benckisers finished dishwashing detergent and Chinas leading laundry brand, Liby, each enable a larger addressable market and sales of higher value Dow materials. We sell products containing mechanically recycled materials in every geography and now we are beginning to scale a family of products that can be used in either flexible or rigid packaging applications. Dow is also developing advanced recycling technologies that convert used plastics into their feedstocks. We continue to scale up these capabilities with our partner, Fuenix Ecogy Group. And today, we announced a partnership with Mura Technology to convert plastics back into the oils and chemicals from which they were made for use in new virgin equivalent plastic products. This revolutionary advanced recycling technology can convert all forms of plastic into feedstock, including many considered to be unrecyclable. We are also actively engaged as a founder of the alliance to end plastic waste and with key stakeholders around the world to help solve critical challenges to plastics recycling. For example, through our collaboration with Circulate Capital, Dow is bringing material science capabilities to Lucro Plastecycle and Marico Limited, one of Indias leading consumer brands to enable sustainable, flexible film packaging with recycled content. Our actions to advance plastic circularity are value-accretive to Dow, and our differentiated product slate, downstream knowledge, intimacy with consumer brands and strategic partnerships give us a leading edge to capture this growth. Turning to Slide 9, as Howard mentioned, Dow remains well positioned to benefit from improving industry and market conditions. We see several positive leading indicators, including momentum and job growth, consumer spending, a return to air travel and expanding manufacturing and industrial activity for global manufacturing PMI to a 15-year high in March. These trends are further supported by government stimulus measures and accelerating vaccine rollouts globally. The spending elements of the U.S. infrastructure plan, if passed, will further support growth in our downstream markets. Similarly, incentives aligned to more sustainable energy solutions should be beneficial to our business and to attaining our own sustainability targets. These programs are not currently included in our assumptions, but could drive additional growth if enacted in a manner that supports manufacturing competitiveness. These macro trends translate into a 1x to 2x GDP growth across key end markets including packaging, infrastructure, mobility, consumer durables and industrials and home and personal care. Given this backdrop, we see demand in our key value chains continuing to outpace supply throughout 2021 and staying balanced in the near-term across ethylene, polyethylene, polyurethanes, acrylics and silicones chains. Some industry views call for softening conditions in the near-term, largely based on their view of planned capacity additions. However, these views do not account for industry project delays or cancellations nor do they account for the maintenance activity or reliability impact from weather related events like the winter storm. Industry delays and cancellations of planned capacity additions, along with elevated demand growth as the global economy continues to reopen, will likely lead to tighter than predicted market conditions, all of which will result in continued earnings, margin and cash flow growth for our core businesses and joint ventures in the near-term. And while we capture these improved earnings over the next several years in our core businesses, our current slate of lower capital, faster payback and higher return capacity expansions will add nearly $1 billion of accretive earnings to our bottom line. Dows points of distinction continue to raise our earnings and cash flow potential relative to peers. The market growth we expect in our business, combined with our industry leading feedstock flexibility, global scale and advantaged cost positions, our top quartile cash generation and our innovation and leadership in high growth end markets enable Dow to continue to deliver value for our owners through 2021 and over the foreseeable future. With that, I will turn it back to Pankaj to open the Q&A.
Pankaj Gupta: Thank you, Jim. Now lets move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will move to our first question from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. Jim and Howard, in plastics, how are you thinking about sequential earnings improvement here given the price margin growth we are seeing, can you get to $2 billion of EBITDA in Q2, is that possible?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning David, as you noted, obviously, we continue to see strong demand growth in plastics. And if you look at our sales, we are looking at 3% to 7% higher sales in the quarter. And obviously, operating rates should be much improved given that we wont have the impact of winter storm Uri. We do have some turnarounds, as Howard mentioned, so we have a Louisiana Cracker thats down. But having said that, it looks like supply is going to be greater than demand for the foreseeable future. I dont anticipate we will be looking at any kind of an inventory build until probably the fourth quarter. And so with that, kind of a year that feels like 13 months of demand and 11 months of supply, and it looks like raw material costs are going to continue to remain low.
Operator: And next, we will move to Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Bob Koort: Thanks. Good morning. I appreciate the benchmarking information. That was helpful. I am curious you showed already a pretty considerable cash flow yield, and thats before the ramp in earnings. I think you have outlined a couple of projects, handful there that would get you maybe an incremental $1 billion of EBITDA. Can you give us a sense of the cost and cadence of that incremental earnings growth? And then how are you going to deploy all the excess cash given those industry outlook slides that was on Page 9? Look pretty darn good for quite a while. So are you going to change your capital deployment strategy here? What are your plans there?
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Thanks Bob for the question and a lot in that question. And I feel good, given that we had about a $400 million impact from winter storm Uri in the quarter, we delivered $750 million of cash from operations. Obviously, we took an elective pension contribution in the quarter, but our cash flow generation continues to remain strong. We stepped up CapEx this year to a little over $1.6 billion to get our growth CapEx coming back up. And all of that is on faster payback types of projects. So for example, we started up a polyethylene glycol facility in the first quarter down in the Gulf Coast, which will be accretive this year. We also just brought on another furnace in Fort Saskatchewan. The furnace part is active. So about half of the benefits of that will start now, and we will do some work on the back end of the cracker towards the end of the year and bring on the other half of that capacity. So, if you think about the incremental projects that we have to deliver that $1 billion, I feel like we can be increasing capital towards depreciation and still be able to deliver that $1 billion of EBITDA growth. And then obviously, we want to continue to support the dividend. And if you think about our capital allocation priorities, they are in order safely and reliably operate the plants, continue to support that industry leading dividend, the growth CapEx, I mentioned, some incremental gross deleveraging. So, we have got another $1 billion of targeted gross deleveraging to get our net debt to EBITDA ratios where we targeted them. And then share buyback to cover dilution. And right now, thats where we will stop on share buyback. Anything you want to add, Howard?
Howard Ungerleider: You covered it.
Operator: And next, we will move on to Jeffrey Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Thanks very much. Are you satisfied with your returns in Performance Materials & Coatings? And what does that segment need to do to raise its operating output? And secondly, on pension expense, you talked about a $200 million pension tailwind, what exactly is your pension expense roughly in 2021?
Jim Fitterling: Yes, let me take Performance Materials & Coatings, and I will have Howard talk about the pension expense. Both businesses in Performance Materials & Coatings had some downtime and some maintenance costs in the first quarter. So, I think when you are looking at first quarter results, that isnt reflective of the market demand in the marketplace. We had the siloxanes plant in China down, and we had the Deer Park facility down for maintenance. And then, of course, the winter storm really lengthened that maintenance. The demand for both of the products is improving and the pricing for siloxanes, which has been one of the bigger drags on consumer solutions, is starting to move in the right direction. And a lot of that is because automotive demand is coming back and construction is coming back. And we have yet to see personal care, which I think is going to come back through the year. And on top of coatings and monomers, monomers were strong in the quarter. Architectural coatings and specialty do-it-yourself continues to be strong. Industrial is starting to show improvement as automotive comes back. And of course, as air travel begins, we will start to see a big part of industrial come back as well. Howard, on pension?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. Jeff, good morning, pension expense, when you look at pension and OPEB, its around $100 million is our expected expense this year, which is going to be down a couple of hundred million dollars as we talked about in the prepared remarks.
Operator: And next, we will move to P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar: Yes. Hi, good morning, a couple of quick questions on polyethylene, the peak like margins that the industry is seeing today in that $0.40, $0.50 range per pound. If that remains elevated, could you see incentive to add more supply, particularly in China? And then just on sticking to polyethylene, Jim you guys have done a great job on circular economy and alliance to in plastic waste. On bioplastics, there are these small companies coming up. You had that PLA technology down in Brazil. Does that still exist within Dow now? I know that was shutdown. And can you revive that if the demand takes off in biopolyethylene?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning P.J., and the margins in polyethylene, I think, are reflective of a couple of things; improved spreads in ethylene, and that obviously has been driven by the fact that ethane costs remain low, natural gas costs remain low, and oil has recovered from kind of an unreal scenario a year ago today. And thats raised, obviously, the naphtha pricing and thats raised the floor around the world. The other thing thats happened though is we had growth in plastics and packaging, even through COVID. And so most people were expecting businesses to be down during that time. And I think they underestimated how much growth is there. We are seeing growth over 2020 in plastics. We would have seen in the first quarter without the winter storm. And so we are going to see that continue to grow. So, I think we have got continued outlook for high earnings through the year on plastics. On bioplastics, we are doing some work right now on biomaterials to make plastics, really looking at wood byproduct derivatives that we can use to blend in with naphtha. We are doing some work with Fuenix Ecogy Group to bring recycled materials back in. One of the challenges with bioplastics is not so much the degradability that everybody in the market likes, but its their thermal stability in terms of being able to form them and do what you need to do with them, and then have them have the kind of durability you need for food packaging. But we are open to collaborations in those areas, and we are always looking for new things that we can do in that space.
Operator: And we will move on to Frank Mitsch with Fermium Research.
Frank Mitsch: Hey, good morning and good to hear your voice again, Pankaj. As I look at these results, pretty impressive results, and you had 14% price improvement in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter. How does April stand relative to the first quarter? And just more generally, whats your expectations on price throughout 2021?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning Frank, we have got $0.09 up for April and another $0.05 up for May in the U.S. and the April order book is very solid. So, I think thats a strong, strong probability. Look, in most of our businesses beyond even plastics, the order book for the first quarter is very solid. A combination of some backlog that got created from the winter storm and just the normal demand by the year-over-year improvements we see in construction, we see in automotive, we see in consumer durables, we see in electronics. So, my feeling is that its constructive for the year and our outlook for raw materials costs are going to continue to remain low throughout the year.
Operator: And Steve Byrne with Bank of America will have our next question.
Steve Byrne: Yes, thank you. Jim, you made a few remarks earlier about outages, you have got turnarounds, you have got new supply coming, a lot of moving parts in industry operating rates. And I just wanted to ask you to put that into perspective on your  on the Slide 9 that has your multiyear outlook on industry operating rates for polyethylene, MDI and siloxane. How would you compare those forecasts to current industry operating rates?
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Good morning, Steve. Its a good question because I think most of the third-party views out there are kind of taking the worst case scenario. And so that would be the bottom end of what we think the ranges of operating rates are. We are going to be in the 90s in both ethylene and polyethylene for the quarter, unless there is some unplanned event. And as we sit here today, there is probably about 15% of that capacity off-line, which is well in excess of what we normally have. We normally have probably 6% to 8% off-line. Same is true for polyurethanes and isocyanates. You see the downstream demand pull is very strong. And siloxanes pricing improvements is all driven by downstream demand improvements. So, my sense is that we are going to be in strong operating rate territory for the entire year. I dont think we will be building inventory until maybe possibly the end of fourth quarter, which  and that all depends on whether we have a slow fourth quarter or not. But there is upside in automotive, there is upside in travel, there is upside in construction and home, there is backlog in appliances and long lead times. Everything is pointing in the direction of high operating rates.
Operator: And next, we will hear from Hassan Ahmed with Alembic Global.
Hassan Ahmed: Good morning Howard and Jim. I wanted to sort of quickly ask you about the sequential guidance you guys gave. If I heard Howard correctly, it sounds as if he is talking about a sort of between the positives and negatives, around a $600 million uptick sequentially. So call it $2.8 billion, $2.9 billion in Q2 EBITDA. So, my question is that if that is the guidance, what sort of pricing is being baked into that guidance? Meaning, obviously, you guys talked about around of April price hikes, there seems to be another round of price hikes on the table for May. So that guidance that you are giving, is it capturing both April and May price hikes, meaningful realization of those hikes?
Jim Fitterling: Yes. If you look at IHS forward view on pricing, they have got $0.12 a pound quarter-over-quarter for the United States. And in Europe, they have actually got a reduction, a slight reduction, and Pacific they have got a slight reduction. My sense is that the U.S. margins are going to see that and I think were going to continue to see demand strong in China. Weve seen a good rebound there. And then in Europe, weve seen good demand. It hasnt been as strong as the rest of the world. Obviously, the virus, its had a little bit more impact. And Latin America has been similarly hit a little bit hard with the virus. But I think as the quarter progresses, I think we have the potential to see that firm up a little bit.
Howard Ungerleider: Hassan, this is Howard. The only thing I would add is your math that you articulated in your question is spot on.
Operator: And John Roberts with UBS will have our next question.
John Roberts: Thanks. Good morning guys. Could you talk a little bit about the Sadara restructuring? I think Dows exports from Sadara was a key part of Dows Asia growth strategy. So do you need something else now to backfill as you lose a little access here to some of the Sadara output?
Jim Fitterling: Yes, Im going to ask Howard to talk about that because he and the team did a lot of heavy lifting to get that done. But on the growth side, thats where we will be looking at some incremental investments, including on the ground in China for specialty hub to be able to convert differentiated PU and alkoxylates for high-growth in Asia Pacific. And were also looking at incremental expansions that we could make in the U.S. to be able to supply more material over there. Howard?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. John, good morning. The Sadara re-profiling is done. As you know, it was  it took us about 2 years to get it all done, but we got it done within the timeframe that we committed to. The maturity date is now extended out to 2038. There was no upfront or prepayment of any of the outstanding debt. There is a grace period until June of 2026 on any principle, and the guarantees were significantly reduced. When you look at Sadaras operating performance, it really was a standout. I mean, all of our joint ventures did well in line with our core earnings growth that we reported. But when you look at the threee joint ventures, Sadara actually had the best earnings growth, both year-on-year, as well as sequentially. And if they keep up this pace, they likely will be paying off some additional principal still this year, which was not expected when we did the re-profiling. So really strong performance from Sadara.
Operator: And next, we will move to Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander: Good morning. On the plans that you sketch out for advanced recycling, can you  do you have initial thoughts on likely capital intensity or where theyll fit on the cost curve? Would it be competitive of naphtha?
Jim Fitterling: Yes, Laurence, and thanks for the question. This is one of the things I think that everybody is trying to wrestle with, and its a very local issue because it gets into a variety of moving parts, including whats the cost to landfill materials. I would say that the demand pull is there from the brand owners and from the marketplace for more recycled content, and thats whats driving the investments. To date, most of the investments have been around mechanical recycling because its very low cost, and its also low energy intensity. And so the growth in those applications is great. But there is a limit to what that can do. So when you get into flexible packaging and a few other areas, you need advanced recycling. And there you get into technologies like pyrolysis and gasification to make that happen. And thats a little bit more expensive. So as we move forward, I would think were going to need to see a market-related price on carbon, which has been discussed in the EU and is also going to start being discussed here in the United States to help create that gap and that value will drive that return. And its a little bit early to get into huge capital numbers or return numbers. What were doing today is piloting different technologies, trying to prove out business models that work. And then once we see what works and we can replicate it, we will come back and we will talk more about what the investment looks like.
Operator: And Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley will have our next question.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you and good morning. Just a quick housekeeping for Howard. What is the unfunded pension liability post the $1 billion contribution? And then maybe, Jim, just a follow-up on the prior discussion, you put this press release out by the partnership between yourselves and Mura on a new game-changing advanced recycling solution. Ive just been eyeballing it, and I cant tell if youre making a financial contribution or if youre just taking the off take and sort of what you think the time frame and scalability of it is, but maybe you could give us just a little bit more discussion of this new partnership. Thank you.
Howard Ungerleider: Hi, Vince. Good morning. This is Howard. So our underfunded status on the pension plan at the end of the quarter was $6.4 billion, and that was a decrease or an improvement of $2.3 billion versus year-end 2020, which is a combination of the voluntary contribution plus the remeasurement that we took at the end of the quarter.
Jim Fitterling: Yes, and on Mura, its really taking advantage of their technology to use all forms of plastic waste, some of which I mentioned are unrecyclable today. So we will make an investment, its not a material investment in terms of dollars to help scale the technology, but we will also increase the amount of advanced recycled material as feedstock for our own assets. The pilot facility is going to be in the UK and its a hydrothermal plastic recycling solution that is developed by Mura. And we will continue to work with them to prove that out. And to help develop products that will perform in the marketplace to drive growth in that sector.
Operator: And we will move on to John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets.
John McNulty: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. I guess, maybe two quick ones. Just on the equity line, it looks like youre guiding to $400 million to $500 million for the year, you just did just about two and quarter in the first quarter. Is there some seasonality or some one-time thing that we should be thinking about in that? And then just on the inventory side, I think you mentioned specialty or packaging, specialty plastics is going to be really tight through into the fourth quarter. I guess, can you give us some color as to what youre seeing in the Performance Mats and Coatings area and the II&I area if its equally as tight on the inventory front or if there is a little bit more cushion there and maybe can be made up quicker? Thanks very much.
Jim Fitterling: I think on  when you get into Polyurethanes and II&I, Polyols is very tight right now, and I expect that to continue to be the case. And isocyanates will have good operating rates through the year as this demand in construction and also automotive continues to grow. If you looked at coatings, I expect monomers to be tight through the year given the improvements in downstream coatings. And obviously, architectural has been strong. If we see a boost up in the do-it-yourself or the contract side of coatings market, then we could see another leg up and some more tightness in that sector.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. And I would just say on, John, on the equity earnings line, your math is right. There is some seasonality to think about MEG out of equate, but also there is higher turnaround expenses. So you got a higher turnaround expenses in Sadara this year, as well as Thailand, as well as the Kuwait. So youve got to subtract that extra $100 million plus from the turnaround as well.
Operator: And next, we will move to Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes. Good morning. If I look at your second quarter guide, it seems to imply for the first half that you would earn somewhere north of $5 billion in EBITDA and annualized that, of course, would be more than $10 billion. How would you compare and contrast that sort of level versus your view of Dows future peak earnings power when you take into account your price margin outlook, the organic investments that you talked about and other sources of growth?
Jim Fitterling: Thanks, Kevin. And I think normally, when we go into the year, second quarter and third quarter tend to be our peak quarters. Obviously, things tighten up in first quarter, and so we saw a really strong first quarter result as well. So my sense is we had gone into this year, trying to get back to mid-cycle earnings. I think were ahead of that in some sectors and we will be that way. And with our spending on really these fast payback projects, some of them which have payback less than 3 years. I think that has the ability to move the top side up. Howard, do you want to comment on the range on what peak earnings could look like?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. Kevin, look, when we came out at spin, we were looking at the capital structure and that whole discussion. We talked about trough earnings around $6 billion. Last year, it was $5.6 million. So we were definitely in a trough. We got there because of the pandemic more than anything else. And peak earnings with the portfolio at spin was between $12 billion and $13 billion. And now we continue to add additional incremental growth projects from there. So you pick a number, but we still have a significant amount of upside as you head into, hopefully, a continued economic up cycle from here, even with that first half annualized that you talk about.
Operator: And next, we will move to Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets.
Arun Viswanathan: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on the strong results here. I guess, similar question. When you think about the segments here, first off with PM&C, obviously, continues to struggle. What is it really going to take to get that business back to normal? Is it just a resumption of personal care and mobility as you discussed earlier? And then similarly, with II&I, weve seen a pretty strong move in MDI, especially in China and in Asia earlier. Do you expect that to kind of come over to North America and Europe in the coming months? Thanks. 
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Arun. Look, I just want to go back to the first quarter comment on PM&C. So I dont think the first quarter is reflective of the market for PM&C. And I dont think the business continues to struggle. Downstream silicon is the high-margin part of Silicones downstream got hit pretty hard during COVID, obviously, personal care applications. But also we saw construction down really last year, and its starting to come back. So right now, youre starting to see strength in siloxane, youre starting to see strength in construction. Mostly its been residential construction, but its moving back into high rise buildings. Again, consumer electronics is driving it. Industrial manufacturing is driving it, and mobility, as Howard mentioned. EVs is really positive for us on a Dow overall standpoint. We get about twice  50% more content on an EVs than an internal combustion engine. On a silicon standpoint, weve got about 3 to 4x more than an internal combustion engine. So were seeing surges there. So I think youre going to see PM&C improve as the year goes through. And obviously, wed had a much better quarter without the Deer Park downtime and the extension of that due to the winter storm Uri. So I would say, lets look at PM&C as the year progresses. I think youre going to see a good story coming out of that business.
Howard Ungerleider: The other point on PM&C is really the Zhangjiagang asset. So we have three big pillar plants that produce siloxanes around the world, one in the U.S., one in Europe and one in China. And the one in China was out for a big chunk of the first quarter. So obviously, we were unable to produce, and we had all that fixed cost that was  that went unabsorbed that dropped to the bottom line as a negative impact, as you saw.
Operator: And next, we will hear from Alex Yefremov with KeyBank.
Alex Yefremov: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Jim, you just mentioned capital costs could start trending towards depreciation. Just to clarify, do you mean D&A that I think youre guiding to about $2.9 billion or just the depreciation part of it? And also, how quickly do you think youll get there? Is it something you should consider for next year already or over the next 2, 3 years, perhaps?
Jim Fitterling: Yes, good question. And I think we will ramp into it. A lot depends on what we see in downstream demand. And if we continue to see these downstream demand pools, were going to have to ramp into that post this year. Weve also got to look at investments that weve been talking about on sustainability as well. Our depreciation level is about $2.2 billion. And so I think our first ramp would be to that level. And then we have discussions here and with our investors as we get opportunities to go beyond that. And obviously, you have to look at the value creation of that.
Operator: And we will move on to Mike Sison with Wells Fargo.
Mike Sison: Hey, good morning. Nice quarter and outlook. In terms of the $1 billion of earnings you talked about on Slide 9, how much of that can hit in 22? And I know its a little bit early, but given some of these incremental investments, and your outlook relative to the industry consultants, should EBITDA in 22 continue to grow from 21?
Jim Fitterling: Yes, I think when it comes to additional capacity, I think the answer to that is yes. I think the demand is going to continue to grow. Obviously, you can see the leverage that we have to the upside on margins. So Ill leave that  what the margin spread for 22 looks like out of the equation. But we probably got $100 million, maybe $150 million of additional accretive earnings based on these new incremental expansions in 22. And these things that I mentioned earlier, polyethylene glycols came online in first quarter, just about a month ago. And the furnace at the Fort is up and has half of its rate already, and it will get the other half of its rate at the end of the year. And then weve got some other alkoxylation investments that will come on next year in II&I. Weve got some investments in, obviously, silicones. Last year, we did more than 15 incremental investments. This year, weve got another 15 for high-margin downstream Silicones materials. And so those will come on. And then weve got miscellaneous debottlenecking going on everywhere to try to get incremental growth out.
Operator: And we will move on to Duffy Fischer with Barclays.
Duffy Fischer: Yes. Good morning. Two kind of housekeeping questions. First is the Sadara marketing agreement winds down to the new terms, how visible will that be in your P&L and cash flow? And then on the pension voluntary, how did you think about the return on that $1 billion? And should we expect more voluntary cash to go into the pension over the next several years?
Jim Fitterling: My expectation on the PMLA changes, Duffy, will be that youll see that gradual over time. I think it will take a number of years. For our marketing to reflect our equity stake and obviously, for the Aramco side to do the same. So it wont happen overnight. I think it will happen over time. And I think youll see it more on the revenue side than you will on the earnings side. Any other thoughts about that, Howard?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. If anything, Duffy, I would say you should see our unit margins improve, because right now, were marketing 90% plus of the Sadara volume, but we obviously only own 35% of the equity. So that really  and we get a very  we only get a very, very small marketing fee on those volumes. So as that shifts more to our equity ownership in the JV, our unit margin should actually increase just because of that dilution. And remind me what your pension  what was the specific pension question, we might not  going back.
Duffy Fischer: Do you think you will put more voluntary cash into the pension over the next 2, 3, 4 years?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, so I mean, look, with the pension smoothing that went in with the last bill, we dont have really any mandatory pension payments that we need to put in, in the U.S. plans for the next several years. So that was about  its probably about a $300 million to $400 million savings. From a voluntary standpoint, look, I am a believer that interest rates will move up over time. And so it doesnt take much from an interest rate perspective and maybe 1 year of additional EROA to really get that plan close to fully funded. So with that said, we will be opportunistic. And if it makes sense economically, I mean that $1 billion voluntary pension payment was a very good economic decision for the company. And so we will continue to look at that year-by-year from an economic perspective. And if its value creating, we might do it, but we will compare that to the other capital allocation priorities that Jim laid out earlier on the call.
Operator: And that we will conclude todays question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Pankaj Gupta for any additional or closing remarks.
Pankaj Gupta: Thank you. Thank you for everyone. Thank you to everyone for joining our call. We appreciate your interest in Dow. For your reference, a copy of our transcript will be posted on Dows website within 24 hours. This concludes our call. Thank you very much.
Operator: And that will conclude todays call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-28 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Dow Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Also, todays call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Colleen Kay. Please go ahead, maam.
Colleen Kay: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us to discuss the fourth quarter financial results for Dow. We are making this call available via webcast and we have prepared slides to supplement our comments during this conference call. They are posted on the Investor Relations section of Dows website and through the link to our webcast. Im Colleen Kay, Investor Relations Vice President for Dow. And joining me on the call today are Jim Fitterling, Dows Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Howard Ungerleider, President and Chief Financial Officer. Please read the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the earnings news release and slides. During our call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations or predictions about the future. Because these statements are based on current assumptions and factors that involve risks and uncertainties, our actual performance and results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Dows Forms 10-Q and 10-K include detailed discussions of principal risks and uncertainties, which may cause such differences. Unless otherwise specified, all financials, where applicable, exclude significant items. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures is contained in the Dow earnings release, in the slides that supplement our comments today, and on the Dow website. On Slide 2, youll see our agenda for the call. Jim will begin with the fourth quarter and full year highlights and will discuss the companys operating segment performance. Howard will share an update on Sadara and then provide our market outlook and modeling guidance. He will also outline Dows digitalization acceleration plans. Finally, Jim will provide an update on our sustainability initiatives and market growth opportunities that are helping to further advance our competitive advantage in 2021 and beyond as the economic recovery progresses. Following that, we will take your questions. With that, I will turn the call over to Jim.
James Fitterling: Thank you, Colleen, and thanks to everyone for joining us. We hope that you, your families are healthy and safe. Starting on Slide 3. In the fourth quarter, the Dow team delivered results that exceeded expectations with sales and EBIT growth year-over-year and a sequential net sales increase of 10%. And as the global economy and market fundamentals continue to improve, demand drove volumes above or in line with pre-COVID levels across all operating segments. We captured strong durable goods and construction demand, we grew volumes and do-it-yourself architectural coatings and home care sectors, and we continue to benefit from solid demand and pricing momentum in packaging applications, supporting a sequential net sales increase of 12% in our Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment. This volume increase, combined with improved pricing and margins, particularly in polyethylene and polyurethane applications, delivered 5% revenue growth and higher operating EBIT year-over-year. We supported these strong top line results with a cash flow conversion of 93% in the quarter, driving our full year rate up 30% versus 2019. Cash from continuing operations was $1.7 billion in the quarter, and free cash flow was $1.4 billion. Working capital was a $236 million source of cash, even with increased sales. We completed the sale of select U.S. Gulf Coast marine and terminal operations and assets, delivering another strategic nonoperational cash lever. And improved financial and operational performance at Sadara was a key contributor in delivering positive year-over-year equity earnings. We also maintained our disciplined approach to capital allocation, completing additional deleveraging as we reduced net debt by $837 million in the quarter. And we continue to reward our shareholders through our industry leading dividend. Overall, our fourth quarter performance was a strong finish to a year where team Dow successfully overcame significant macroeconomic and other external challenges. On Slide 4 is a brief recap of our full year achievements. We adapted quickly to the global pandemic and our agile approach to managing volatility in the markets, combined with our prudent adjustments to capital expenditures, proactive cost reductions, working capital interventions, plus delivery of unique cash levers supported demand growth year-over-year in packaging applications, a nearly $500 million structural improvement in working capital, a strong uplift in cash flow from operations, free cash flow of $5 billion and more than $2.6 billion in net debt reduction and continued cash returns to shareholders through our industry leading dividend. We achieved all this, while also making significant progress toward our ambition to be the most innovative customer-centric, inclusive and sustainable materials science company in the world. We found new ways to serve customers in a virtual world, we launched Dows mobility science platform to better serve an attractive market vertical, we reinforced Dows commitment to inclusion and diversity through a bold framework to address systemic racism and inequality and followed through with actions aligned to that framework, and we launched new aggressive targets to help eliminate plastic waste and reduce carbon emissions. Im incredibly proud of how the Dow team delivered solid performance and showed tremendous leadership on critical issues throughout 2020. Moving to our segment performance on Slide 5. As I mentioned earlier, ongoing improvements in the macro environment drove sequential sales gains across all segments and geographies, allowing us to reach year-over-year revenue growth during the quarter for the first time since the start of the pandemic. In the Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment, operating EBIT was $780 million, up more than $130 million versus the same quarter last year and sequentially. Resilient demand, tight market supply, low inventory levels and disciplined price volume management enabled strong polyethylene pricing momentum and margin expansion. Notably, operating EBIT margins expanded 180 basis points year-over-year and 100 basis points sequentially. Compared to the prior quarter, net sales increased 12%. Price gains continued across all regions and most applications, particularly in consumer packaging, and the business delivered higher volumes with broad-based demand growth. The Packaging & Specialty Plastics business continued to see strong momentum through the end of the year. Sales were up year-over-year, primarily driven by steady volumes and improved polyethylene pricing, particularly in Food & Specialty Packaging as well as health and hygiene applications. Compared to the prior quarter, the business delivered local price gains in all regions, including double-digit gains in the U.S., Canada and Latin America. Moving to the Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure segment. Operating EBIT was $296 million, up $75 million year-over-year and up $192 million versus the prior quarter. Supply and demand fundamentals in polyurethanes and construction chemicals as well as higher equity earnings from improved performance at Sadara drove this result. On a sequential basis, significant improvement in margin over raw materials drove operating EBIT margins up more than 500 basis points, more than offsetting typical seasonality. The polyurethane and construction and chemicals business reported a double-digit increase in net sales year-over-year and sequentially. The year-over-year increase was primarily due to higher local prices with gains in all regions, except Latin America. Compared to prior quarter, sales growth was driven by strong local pricing and furniture, bedding and appliance end markets. The Industrial Solutions business reported flat net sales versus the prior year period. Currency tailwinds and higher volumes in solvents for coatings, industrial fluids, electronics and pharma applications were offset by pricing in industrial manufacturing applications. Compared to the prior quarter, net sales were up double digits due to sequential improvement in price and volume as industrial markets continued to recover and consumer end markets remained strong. And finally, the Performance Materials and Coatings segment reported operating EBITDA of $50 million, down year-over-year. Volume growth in downstream silicones and coatings applications was more than offset by price and volume declines in siloxanes. On a sequential basis, operating EBIT was down $25 million as margin expansion in silicon applications was overcome by seasonality in coatings end markets. The Consumer Solutions business reported a decline in net sales. The business captured solid demand growth in home care, consumer and electronics and high-performance building applications. These gains were more than offset by continued weak volumes in upstream siloxanes and in high-end personal care applications, such as cosmetics, as a result of paused social and workplace activities. On a sequential basis, volumes improved on recovery in mobility and transportation as well as consumer and electronics and markets. The Coatings and Performance Monomers business achieved higher net sales year-over-year, with volumes up double digits. The seasonality impact was moderate, and the business captured resilient demand for architectural coatings as consumers continue to focus on do-it-yourself projects at home. Sequentially, the business also experienced positive pricing momentum, particularly in acrylates, which was more than offset by seasonal weather-related declines for coatings applications in the Northern Hemisphere. And now, I will turn it over to Howard for an update on Sadara, our financial outlook and our plans for digital acceleration.
Howard Ungerleider: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Turning to Slide 6. The strong supply and demand trends that continue to benefit our packaging and polyurethanes businesses this quarter also benefited Sadara. The joint venture again delivered improved financial and operational results, driving equity earnings higher by more than $130 million year-over-year. We expect solid market fundamentals and an improving economy to continue to benefit the joint venture in 2021, supported by Sadaras feedstock flexibility and enhanced global cost curve position. We are also very pleased to report that Sadara declared project completion in the fourth quarter, removing Dows $4 billion share of the guarantees that supported the joint ventures debt. In addition, in January of this year, Dow, Saudi Aramco and Sadara reached an agreement in principle with the remaining lenders and Sukuk investors on key terms for its debt reprofiling with formal agreements expected to be completed within the first quarter. As a result, Sadara is expected to be cash flow self-sufficient going forward. Key provisions of the reprofiling include an extension of the contractual debt maturity from 2029 to 2038; a modified repayment schedule aligned with Sadaras projected cash generation profile, including a grace period until June 2026, during which interest-only payments are required; no upfront payments of principal; and limited support in the form of much lower sponsor guarantees of Sadaras reprofiled debt, in proportion of the sponsors ownership interest. The impact to Dows commitments are expected to include the following, which are in proportion to Dows 35% ownership interest in Sadara. Dow will provide guarantees for $1.3 billion of Sadaras debt, effectively replacing approximately $4 billion of prior guarantees. Dow will provide guarantees for its portion of Sadara interest payments due during the grace period. Our pro rata share of any potential shortfall, which based on Sadaras current performance we do not expect, will be funded by a new $500 million revolving facility in Sadara, guaranteed by Dow. This is expected to be established in the first quarter of 2021. And finally, Dows existing $220 million letter of credit related to the guarantee of one future Sadara debt service payment will also be canceled. As a result of these actions, the company does not expect to provide any further shareholder loans or equity contributions to Sadara. Lets now turn to our modeling guidance for first quarter on Slide 7. We exited the fourth quarter with increasing strength, which is carried over into the first quarter. The ISM manufacturing new orders index is trending at its highest level in 10 years. In addition, low interest rates are supporting a resilient housing market and deurbanization trends are driving U.S. housing starts to their highest point since 2006. We expect sequentially higher business results in the first quarter with total sales in the range of $10.7 billion to $11.2 billion, driven by ongoing strength in our polyethylene and polyurethane value chains, improvement in our silicones franchise and supported by our U.S. Gulf Coast ethane advantage. We will see some headwinds sequentially with higher turnaround costs and the reversal of approximately $50 million in onetime benefits from the prior quarter. In the Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment, we entered the year with good pricing momentum, continued solid demand and elevated breakeven points for high cost naphtha producers as a result of increasing oil prices. We expect these dynamics to be sustained through the quarter. The Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure segment will continue to benefit from strong consumer durables demand, supported by automotive and housing sectors and improvement in industrial end markets. These trends, combined with industry supply limitations and low inventories, should support pricing uplift, although we do see some cost increases from rising propylene pricing as well. And finally, for Performance Materials and Coatings, we expect silicones to benefit from ongoing demand expansion in consumer end markets, particularly in electronics, home care and mobility, where our innovation advantages will continue to allow us to capture additional growth opportunities. In Coatings, we expect DIY demand to remain elevated through the first quarter as consumer home improvement trends continue. There will be some turnaround headwinds in the quarter, including completion of a turnaround at our siloxane plant in China that we shortened in the first half of 2020 due to COVID-related labor and supply issues. Turning to Slide 8. Looking at the full year, we see strong market fundamentals in many of our key value chains continuing to drive improved operating performance year-over-year. And although we expect the pace of recovery to moderate, it is still likely to be uneven quarter-to-quarter as the vaccine distribution and new strains evolve. As usual, we are providing you with our best full year estimates of several income statement and cash flow items, which are noted on the slide. Consistent with our capital allocation priorities, and based on our improved forward outlook versus 2020, we are increasing our capital expenditure target year-over-year to $1.6 billion, and we are targeting an additional $1 billion in deleveraging. Sadara, as previously mentioned, will be a $350 million tailwind for the year with no planned cash contributions. We expect equity earnings to be flat year-over-year as the margin resiliency we see across the portfolio is offset by higher planned JV turnaround expenses. Total turnaround spending will be up versus the prior year as we continue to ensure the reliability of our facilities. And as mentioned last year, we expect our $300 million EBITDA restructuring program to be substantially complete by year-end. We are also providing a share count estimate for the year. However, assuming a sustained EBITDA improvement, we will look at reinstituting our share buyback program later in the year for the purpose of covering dilution. And finally, we expect a full year tax rate in the 23% to 27% range. Moving to Slide 9. The events of 2020 provided an opportunity for us to rapidly accelerate our focus on the value of digitalization. Through our digital advances and capabilities, we were able to continue innovating, improving the customer experience, and optimizing our operations. It has become clear that the escalation of digital interactions and transactions driven by COVID-19 will only help us accelerate the delivery of our ambition and be an important part of our customer experience in the future. So building on this solid foundation, today, we are announcing plans to further advance our digitalization efforts by investing in three key areas: First, expanding digital tools like machine learning and advanced digital modeling to accelerate material science innovation and put innovation capabilities directly in the hands of our customers. Second, further enhancing our e-commerce buying and fulfillment experience for our customers; and third, adopting additional real-time digital manufacturing insights, operational data intelligence and demand sensing, all to enhance the productivity and reliability of our operations. We expect these actions to deliver more than $300 million in incremental annual run rate EBITDA generation by year-end 2025 with an additional onetime $100 million improvement in structural working capital efficiencies. To realize these gains, we will spend approximately $400 million over the next two years with an attractive risk-adjusted return on investment exceeding our internal hurdle rate and an expected payback of less than three years. Our goal is clear, our digital acceleration will help us continue to transform how we work, and importantly, how we engage with our customers. With that, I will turn it back to Jim.
James Fitterling: Thank you, Howard, and please turn with me to Slide 10. For more than 3 decades, sustainability has been an imperative to our business. And last year, we announced new brake targets focused on reducing our carbon footprint and addressing plastic waste. We see these targets as a catalyst for growth and innovation. We have discussed with you our progress on key initiatives to advance the circular economy for plastics. And today, we want to provide visibility on our comprehensive approach to reducing carbon emissions. Over the past 15 years, Dow has reduced our overall emissions by 15%, while growing our business. And we see a viable pathway to reduce our net annual carbon emissions by another 15% by 2030. This pathway begins with targeting further efficiencies and optimization at our sites, sourcing renewable energy and clean power, and implementing new emission management technologies. We are working with utilities and regulators to supply clean purchase power to a majority of Dow sites by 2030. We are making good progress. Last year, we increased our agreements to purchase cost competitive renewable energy in Kentucky, Texas, Brazil and Spain, and we are preparing for the full transition of our Terneuzen operations. We are also working to optimize the energy efficiency of our sites by lowering our energy use and developing breakthrough technologies, such as electric, ethylene steam crackers, carbon capture and sequestration, and the potential use of blue hydrogen, now to be among the first in the industry to do so by 2030. We recognize that achieving these goals will also require partnerships with governments, regulatory agencies and other external groups to support the economics of these technologies and evolve regulatory frameworks to focus on emissions reduction. Widespread support for decarbonizing emissions is driving demand across the value chain, and Dow is well placed to continue to lead and benefit from this evolution. Many Dow products lower our customers emissions more than the carbon emissions used to produce them, like enabling lighter, safer and more fuel-efficient automobiles; more energy-efficient buildings; and food that stay safe and fresh longer, all critical for a world set to add two billion people by 2050. Ultimately, Dow wins by making our cost to implement this transition lower than our competitors and the value of our products higher. Our objective is to establish a resilient portfolio of lower carbon footprint products to meet rising demand, capture market share and grow value, while reducing emissions for Dow, our customers, and the planet. Moving to Slide 11. As we look to 2021 and beyond, we are well positioned to capture additional value growth. Throughout the pandemic, new consumer behaviors emerge that have driven strong demand for our products, and we expect these trends to continue benefiting Dows consumer-led portfolio even as the pandemic diminishes. Consumers have become accustomed to new ways of purchasing and interacting, increased in-home delivery and takeout dining, paired with heightened awareness of food hygiene and security will sustain demand strength for food and consumer packaging. The resilient housing market is creating higher demand for durable goods, such as furniture and appliances, and more time at home also leads to consumer spending on home improvement, including do-it-yourself coatings. Ongoing public caution about COVID-19, even after widespread vaccine distribution, will support continued demand for health and hygiene applications. We also believe that as vaccination rates increase and we turn the corner on the pandemic, there will be improving demand as travel, entertainment, sports and construction industries and other social activities return to normal. Market indicators are showing above GDP growth across several sectors, and as a result, we are beginning to see economic recovery broaden across our portfolio and in many of the end markets that we serve, which is benefiting our higher-margin consumer solutions business. Similarly, this increased confidence is also improving demand in our functional polymers portfolio, which serves mobility, infrastructure, and construction sectors. Finally, as we look ahead, Dows unmatched materials science portfolio is uniquely positioned to address global megatrends and shifting post-COVID trends, providing additional higher-margin growth opportunities for Dow. Dow solutions meet increasing consumer needs for new sustainable innovations, such as post-consumer recycled plastics and renewable energy made polyethylene. In 2020, we tripled sales of product made with renewable bio-based feedstock. As the need for renewable energy increases globally, so will demand for Dow solutions that enable wind power and solar production facilities. Our heat transfer fluids are used in more than 40 large-scale concentrated solar power plants around the world. And through our DowAksa joint venture, we provide polyurethane, carbon fiber systems that deliver a stronger and lighter composite material for wind blades. Electric vehicle sales are on the rise with 2021 growth projections exceeding 2020 records. And our mobility science platform focuses on delivering innovative products to enhance automobile connectivity, light weighting, comfort, safety and sustainability. Lastly, we see meaningful opportunities to support the rollout of 5G broadband networks. For example, last year, we launched new high-performance thermal gel that promotes both environmental sustainability and efficient assembly of essential 5G infrastructure. Underpinning these tailwinds are the global foundational advantages and discipline that set Dow apart. Our unmatched portfolio, global scale, low-cost structure and industry-leading feedstock flexibility give us a competitive edge. Further, the actions that we took in 2020 to bolster our financial position, including the execution of our restructuring program and our disciplined focus on cash generation provides the financial strength and flexibility to support our growth trajectory in line with our financial and operating playbook. To close, 2020 was a challenging year for our world. But I could not be more proud of team Dows performance nor could I be more confident in our future. Dows competitive advantages are clear, we have significant growth opportunities ahead of us and the actions that we have taken position us to outperform our peers. With that, I will turn it back to Colleen to open up the Q&A.
Colleen Kay: Thank you, Jim. Now lets move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question, we will hear from Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Koort: Thank you so much. Good morning. Jim, I was hoping maybe you could give us your appraisal of what is going on, particularly in the polyethylene markets. 2020 was certainly a surprise. The resilience of demand is quite good. And I guess, the fear of the wave of capacity over looming the industry didnt materialize. But how do you sort of see the supply demand setup looming in 2021?
James Fitterling: Yes, Bob, I think as the year progressed, we saw continued strong demand in polyethylene. And toward the end of the year, we saw ethylene start to tighten up and ethylene margins improve. And so that led to some pretty sharp increases in the fourth quarter. You saw PE margins were up in the fourth quarter, about $0.07 a pound in the U.S., about $0.13 in Europe, and up about $0.10 in Asia. I think the other thing that happened was as those ethylene margins increased here, you had some wintertime activities that drove some of the cost to manufacture up in China. So you saw competing technologies like cold olefins, where coal prices were up to $200 a ton, mainly because of a polar vortex and the fact that they were having some squabbles with the Australians about coal imports. So they werent able to get it. We also saw LNG exports and LNG demand up sharply throughout Europe and also into Asia. And so that helped. Demand strength on top of the fact that you had these rising prices and inventory levels were low, really all came together to drive that. And by the way, demand still continues to look good in the first quarter, inventory levels are still low, operating rates are good. In the U.S. Gulf Coast, our operating rates were in the mid-90s in the fourth quarter. So we are going to continue to see, I think, good margins in the PE business.
Operator: And next, we will move to P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P. J. Juvekar: And congratulations on your goals for sustainable energy and renewable resources. So about this sustainable electricity that you talked about to get into your crackers, how do you plan to do that. Would you outsource all that to utilities or would you invest in renewable energy, possibly with some partners? How do you get to that goal by 2030? And what kind of CapEx do you need for that?
James Fitterling: Yes. Good morning PJ. Look, I think you think about sustainability for us from an electricity standpoint on two fronts. We have a lot of electricity uses that are not for the crackers. And obviously, there, we are looking to alternatives, wind and solar, to replace current capacity. And those are cost competitive today. And so we have made a big move in that direction. We have about 580 megawatts of alternative energy under a contract. And we are increasing every year. Our goal is to have 750 megawatts or more by 2025. And I mentioned some of the sites on the script that will go through that. The second thing I would say is in the crackers, we are looking at a combination of things, not just electrification. We have a partnership with Shell going on right now to try to prove out electric cracking. That is a longer term development. In the near term, we are also working on a form of fluidized catalytic cracking to go from ethane to ethylene. Ive talked about our FCDH process to make propylene out of propane. We are piloting that in Louisiana. That will be built this year and up and running next year. And we believe that can give us a 20% reduction at least in CO2 emissions and a very good scale technology. We can achieve economies of scale at maybe 150,000 tons per year kind of CapEx. If you look at what we are doing in parallel, we are looking at EDH. And that could have the potential to reduce our emissions by 40% or more, still using gas as a feedstock in the crackers or gas as a fuel and the crackers. So we have got several technologies that we are looking at, and we are also looking at blue hydrogen also as a way to try to get a more concentrated CO2 stream so that we can combine that with carbon capture and sequestration to be able to reduce carbon emissions.
Operator: And next, we will move to Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Hi thanks very much. Propylene is going up really quickly. Are your acrylate prices going up as fast as propylene prices are going up, that is are acrylate margins likely to be squeezed in the early part of the year or widen in the later part of the year, how do you assess that? And for Howard, in the operating cash flow in 2020, how much of operating cash flow came from asset sales or legal settlements?
James Fitterling: Good morning Jeff. Let me see if I can cover propylene first, and then I will flip it over to Howard. Spot prices have increased. And it is a combination of reduced supply because ethane has been the preferred crack in the crackers and propane has been much more expensive, again due to that polar vortex I was talking about in Europe and Asia, driving these prices up. That means ethane has been the crack, and so you dont have as many byproducts. And that shortest bit on propylene. And then on purpose propylene, you have had a raft of issues through on purpose propylene production, which has meant there hasnt been as much there. And so that has tightened things up. I think acrylates are holding up well because demand has been good, downstream demand has been good. So there has been some price improvements. Do It Yourself, architectural coatings are growing. In fact, they were the big winner last year in terms of market share. I expect the contractor side will come back this year. Howard, do you want to talk about the cash?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. Good morning Jeff. The two best owner infrastructure sales of a little bit more than $900 million, if you add them together between the marine one that we did this past quarter and the fourth quarter, and then the rail infrastructure that we did in the third quarter. And then I would probably top it up to $1 billion with some of the other miscellaneous land sales and asset sales that we did that were smaller.
Operator: Next, we will move to David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Jim, polyurethane has strong end to the year. How do you foresee that business progressing into Q1 and through the rest of the year, both on prices and margins?
James Fitterling: Good morning David, thanks for the question. The markets that I mentioned, automotive, furniture, and bedding, appliance and construction are very solid right now. In the energy space, the oil and gas space, it is a little bit challenging. And so we see the trajectory that we had in isocyanates and polyols in the second half continuing to move up in first quarter due to supply limitations. It is hard to keep things on the shelves like mattresses and furniture, while we have got these strong housing drives that are going on. We are seeing the automotive sector come back. Obviously, we saw it big electric vehicles, we have set records in 2020, and I think we are going to crush those in 2021. But internal combustion engine vehicle is coming back as well. And that is good demand and strong order patterns, even without some of the bigger capital-intensive markets being back on stream. So like the large-scale industrial construction, those types of markets. So I think we have got a good demand at and ahead of us. Housing starts is a very, very solid sign, highest we have seen since 2006. So that drives a lot of content for our products.
Operator: And we will move on to Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander: Good morning. I guess, two housekeeping questions. It has been a while since we have had normal seasonality. So how do you think about normal seasonality playing out with respect to Q2 and Q3, relative to Q1?
James Fitterling: I think I understand your question, so let me see if I get it, and then I will ask Howard in case I didnt. Normal seasonality that we would typically see a strong second quarter but having said that, we go into first quarter this year with supply chains being relatively lean, very little inventories in almost all of them. And we have got strong demand going into the first quarter. So it feels like you have a first quarter, second quarter pretty strong season, and we typically see second quarter and into third quarter being the strongest part of the year. I think because of tightness, you are going to continue to see that. Secondly, last year, there was a lot of unplanned activities in things like polyethylene that took a lot of capacity off-line. This year, there is a lot of planned activity for turnarounds because of activity that didnt happen last year due to COVID. So you are going to have, on a planned basis, almost the same amount of capacity off-line as we did last year, before you ever get into any unplanned events. And those things, to me, a pretty strong start to 2021. And Im optimistic that as the vaccination rates improve, we are going to start to see people return more to normal. And we certainly are making progress on getting people vaccinated. Anything I missed, Howard?
Howard Ungerleider: No. Maybe just to put some math on the turnaround numbers. I mean, last year, we really crunched down the number of turnarounds. This coming year, we will have about $400 million of higher turnaround spending. $300 million of that in our core business, about $100 million in our joint ventures. And as Jim said, that the bulk of that is going to be in Q1, Q2 and Q3. So just to factor that into a bit of a headwind, Laurence.
Operator: And we will move on to Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you good morning everyone. Just looking at some of your businesses that havent recovered as quickly. The high-end personal care, it is unfortunately, easy to understand why that is been soft. But Im just wondering, maybe if you could talk about how you are anticipating that coming back and when? And, in particular, if customer inventory levels, Im assuming they have been worked down pretty hard. So do you think that they are going to need to rebuild before the second half, assuming the vaccines are reaching critical mass by then and hopefully, some return to normality is taking place or are you more likely to see just sort of a smoother recovery there? How do you foresee that playing out? And then just as a housekeeping question, well, never mind, I will just leave it there.
James Fitterling: All right. Thanks, Vincent. I would say 2021, we are seeing strength in some of those specialty growth rates right now. So I think building and construction is going to be probably up in the 3% to 4% range. Electronics, 6% or more. Industrial, up 9%. Industrial was off quite a bit last year. Mobility, maybe up 11%. Home and personal care will still be up, even though probably not as high as 2020 because you had some of that pre-COVID buying and that surge that we saw in the third quarter, second quarter to third quarter. And I do think personal care will come back. I think it will come back probably up 4%. We are taking advantage of - we had some scheduled turnaround time in first quarter last year when the pandemic hit in China. We are actually completing that work right now in China. So that is got some siloxanes capacity offline. But because building and because the high-end personal care demand havent been there, that is been okay. So we will get those things done in this quarter. The other thing we have been doing is debottlenecking a lot of our downstream capacity. So we have done a lot of projects downstream to get our what we call our specialties business ready. And I think we are getting ahead of what will be some pent-up demand once we hit an inflection point on these vaccinations. Certainly, people are tired of being at home. They want to travel. They want to get back to life as normal, and that will open things up. And we are gearing up that we should see some of that in the second half of the year.
Operator: And next we will hear from Jonas Oxgaard with Bernstein.
Jonas Oxgaard: Hey good morning. I was hoping if you could comment on what is happening with your JVs in a bit more detail, particularly the Thai JV, for looking at your Page 14 here. Your EBITDA went down a lot, but your net income went up. And so Im wondering how well, what happened and how are you going to think about this going forward? And then on Sadara, do you have any preliminary ideas of how we should be thinking about the repayment schedule?
James Fitterling: I will hit Thailand, and then I will have Howard cover Sadara. Thailand had some turnaround activity in the quarter, so that was spending that hit them. And then I talked a little bit about that wintertime situation. Essentially, you had a drive up in naphtha costs as all the alternatives went up and so that put some squeeze on in the marketplace. So I dont think there is anything out of the fourth quarter results that you should look at and think that it is something you should project forward. I think it is very situational. And Howard, maybe you want to talk about Sadara and the payment schedule?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, Jonas, look, thanks for the question. I mean, I couldnt be prouder of the Dow, the Saudi Aramco and the Sadara team. It is about 18-months worth of work that got us to this point where we have got the agreement in principle with the entire lending syndicate of commercial banks, ECAs as well as the Sukuk investors. So we have got a five-year great period where no principal is due until June of 2026. We have matched the principle from 2026 out to 2038 with the projected earnings and cash flows. And in terms of the next five-years, on a 100% Sadara basis, you are looking at about between $300 million and $350 million of interest expense. So our share would be about $100 million to $125 million a year. But I would say based on Sadaras current performance as well as all the plans that they have in place, they will be cash flow self-sufficient for this year and going forward. So we do not expect to put any cash into Sadara. So that is a $350 million tailwind year-on-year.
Operator: And next, we will move to Frank Mitsch with Fermium Research.
Frank Mitsch: Hey good morning and a nice end to the year folks. A very impressive operating rates, Jim, you mentioned for polyethylene on the U.S. Gulf Coast. I was wondering if you could talk at a higher level of what the operating rates for Dow were by the - roughly what they were for the various segments, and what your expectations are as we head here into the first quarter? And just overall, you did mention some debottleneck. There was some start ups. How do we think about the net capacity at Dow 2021 versus 2020?
James Fitterling: Yes. Thanks, Frank, for the question. On an average, for the whole company, we were above 80% operating rates for the fourth quarter, and we continue that strength into the first quarter. We were at higher levels than that in our Packaging & Specialty Plastics business. The crackers ran very strong, as I mentioned, in the Gulf Coast. But actually, we saw good performance around the globe, and it continues to tighten up. And you noticed that MEG prices are also starting to rise. So that is really making things move there. We also saw a big step-up in Industrial Solutions. So they are running strong, and we have got new capacity coming to support their growth this year. We had less performance in siloxanes, and that is the one that has the big upside, which I talked about with Vincents question in the second half. And then polyurethanes and construction chemicals got back to the 80-plus percent operating rate in the fourth quarter, and that continues into this year. So we still have upside to deliver. We are going to continue to run the assets hard. We have been spending on reliability to make sure that we can deliver more out of those assets. Texas 9 has been a stellar asset in terms of its production. And we have done a lot of work on debottlenecking and reliability in some of the other spaces. So I think we are in a good room for the rest of this year.
Operator: And next, we will move to John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: Thanks and nice quarter, guys. We are reading a lot about how much shipping activities are challenging and freight costs are up a lot. How much is it contributing to the tight markets and higher pricing? And is it impacting more than just polyethylene?
James Fitterling: Yes, right, we have seen some shipping rates on marine pack cargo, primarily due to the fact that you have got a container dislocation. China has had some pretty high export levels. And so some empty containers have been moving back to China. Mostly that is been reported in the Ag sector, not so much in the plastic sector. I think our supply chains are pretty well stocked in terms of containers, but we keep a close eye on it. So I dont anticipate anything that is long-lasting. I think we will work through this. And they just assigned some of the supply chain imbalances. China came back fast from COVID, and we are coming back now. And so things can, from time to time, get dislocated.
Operator: And we will move on to Hassan Ahmed with Alembic Global.
Hassan Ahmed: Good morning Jim. Jim a question around 2021 outlook. Look, I mean, as I sort of heard all your comments about the different product chains. Im taking a look at the exit pricing sort of levels for be it ethylene, polyethylene and DIY, as we exited 2020, significantly higher than 2020 levels, right average levels. And then it seems supply-demand fundamentals, ethylene, polyethylene, DIYs, should tighten up through the course of 2021. You were alluding to how the turnaround schedule for spring and summer for most of these products is pretty heavy, right? And there seems to be a perception that in the back half of the year, as the vaccine rollout happens, people hit the streets more and the like, oil prices go up higher. So I mean, as I sort of piece together all these things, it seems 2021 earnings could be significantly higher than 2020. I mean, am I missing something here? I mean, is there a fly in the [ointment] (Ph)?
James Fitterling: Thank you for the question, Hassan. I think you are on the right path. We not only beat in the fourth quarter, but we guided higher. I want Howard to walk you through the first quarter guidance, and I think that is instructive to the way you are looking at the year.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, Hassan. I mean, we think about it in a very similar way as you. But I mean, look, lets start one quarter at a time. So if you go from Q4 where we printed the [178] (Ph) from an EBITDA perspective and you look at your comment about margins expanding, you look at polyethylene margins, isocyanate margins, MEG margins, I would bucket about $250 million of higher EBITDA sequentially between all three of those chains just because of your point about ending the year at higher margins and margins moving up. Then I would say you got to take two deducts. There is about $50 million of higher turnaround spending sequentially, really related to the Zongjian plant in China in the siloxanes plant that Jim talked about in the prepared comments. And then there was about $50 million of onetime items that we had in fourth quarter that wont recur. A couple of land sales as well as an IPO that happened that we were able to monetize in or out of our venture capital. So overall, earnings are going to be up sequentially, and your point is right. They should be up year-on-year. I think the open question, and Jim, maybe give some comments on the back half of the year. But all things right now are pointing up.
James Fitterling: Yes. I think the first half looks solid. And I believe that as we get more people vaccinated around the world, I think we are going to see more economies open up and things get back to more normal types of activity.
Operator: And next, we will hear from Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners.
Kevin McCarthy: Good morning. Question for Howard on cash flow prospects for 2021. Howard, I think you already spoke to the uplift related to Sadara as well as some maintenance activity considerations. Just wondering if you could step through other non-earnings related cash considerations, such as working capital, some of the digital investments you talked about, any cash required for restructuring or other considerations that would help you or be a headwind on the cash generation front versus the impressive conversion numbers you posted for this year?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. I mean, look, I would point you to the full year 2021 modeling guidance slide, but just a couple of the high points. So CapEx is going to be $350 million higher. Mandatory pension will be flat. The restructuring program will be about a $350 million cash outflow, but we wont have any outflow. We finished the DowDuPont separation. So those basically offset each other. On the digital side, we will spend about $150 million, but Sadara will be $350 million tailwind as I talked about. The dividends from our JV companies will be down about $200 million just because we get those dividends from - in about a year in arrears. So with earnings down in 2020, we will see dividends down in 2021, but that should reverse in 2022. And then I would say, look, we had a number of non-operating cash flows in 2020, and we are probably not going to be able to deliver the same number because that was a big number. We delivered $5 million of free cash flow out of this machine, which was the best performance since 2013 on an apples-to-apples basis as best you can construct it, but we will have additional tailwinds. So we are working on additional structural improvements in working capital. In the fourth quarter, you saw some of that shine through. We had working capital be a source of cash, even though sales was up, which is hard to do. So we will look to get another $250 million or $300 million of structural improvement in working capital. We still have the top-up payment from the second Nova litigation. That is still going through the court. So we will see if that is a 2021 event, but that should still be several hundred million dollars. And then we are still working on best owner lens that dont sail. So I dont have a number for you. But if we are able to deliver on those projects, that should also be several hundred million dollars, probably in the back half of the year.
Operator: And we will move on to John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets.
John McNulty: Yes. Thanks for taking my questions. So I guess to that, like the cash flows are coming in certainly stronger-than-expected and at really high levels, and the balance sheets really been cleaned up. You have been doing this best owner approach and have sold off some assets. Looking at it from a slightly different angle, are there assets out there where Dow should be viewed as kind of the best owner? And should we think about M&A as an opportunity for you as we look forward or is the cash flow that you generate really just going to be going down to paying down debt and whatever is left over taking down the share count? How should we be thinking about that?
James Fitterling: Good morning John. Lets walk through capital allocation priorities real quickly. Still, first and foremost, is safely and reliably operate the plants. That costs us about $1 billion a year. Continues to support that dividend, that is about $2 billion to $2.1 billion a year. We have got some further incremental deleveraging that we need to do in 2021, keep us on trajectory with what we have committed to the ratings agencies. We have got additional priorities to make sure that we are ready for the, I think, the pent-up demand that is coming as we reach these vaccination rates. So we have bumped up incremental growth CapEx. And as Howard said, we will have some cash to buy back shares toward the end of the year to cover dilution. Although if you look at our share count, we have been very steady since the spin. And now on top of that, to your point, most of the divestitures and the cash generation have been taking assets that are nonrevenue generating, where there are infrastructure companies out there today that value those and can use those as a growth platform and liberating those from our balance sheet, we will continue to do that. On the other side, we will look at bolt-on M&A. We have talked about that being not in the billions, but smaller. And that is where we can bring in a technology or a gap in our platform and take advantage of our global footprint to really rapidly grow that as well as get that into our machine and get some economies of scale out of it. So those are some of the things we are looking at, and there are areas that are driven by the market trends that we are seeing on building and construction, mobility space, 5G, these are some of the areas where we want to continue to try to build in the areas of adhesives, sealants, coatings types applications.
Operator: And our next question, we will hear from Chris Parkinson with Credit Suisse.
Christopher Parkinson: Great, thank you. On the PE front, obviously, throughout 2020, there is a lot of volatility in feedstock throughout the cost curve. When we look ahead and for normalized P&SP EBITDA, just how is your team overall thinking about the slope of the cost curve as we head into 2022 and 2023? And what are the key considerations they are monitoring? Thank you.
James Fitterling: Right. I think we get back primarily to feedstock and what is going to happen with feedstock volatility. And, of course, we saw such huge volatility in oil last year. Most of our feedstock is natural gas liquids. And gas production has been very resilient. And I think gas production is going to continue to be strong next year. We didnt see much of a decrease last year, maybe 10%, and we are already getting back to the levels that we had prior to the COVID pandemic. The other thing that people arent forecasting in some of the natural gas outlooks is the fact that there are so many drilled and uncompleted wells out there, and companies are moving up the learning curve on being able to get those wells completed. And so I think that is going to bring back a lot of supply in the back half of the year. Even with that ethylene tightness I talked about, even with propane going up because of wintertime and even with naphtha going up because you didnt have as much refining capacity, the reality was ethane was still in supply, even at 75%, one million BTU crack spread. And I think it is going to continue to stay that way, that natural gas production is going to bring back more ethane to get split out here. So I feel good about our position. We have the capability to capture that better than anybody in the industry. And I think we are in for a year ahead where our view, natural gas is kind of range bound and $3, one million BTU is probably the high end.
Operator: And next, we will hear from Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets.
Arun Viswanathan: Great, thanks for taking my question. Good morning, congratulations on the quarter and the year. I guess my question is back to the cash flow. So it looks like you are guiding to about $250 million overall reduction from some of those bucket items, Howard. But EBITDA is likely to be up year-on-year in 2021, just given the absence of that weak Q2. So you have seen up the balance sheet. When we started this journey, I think you guys have laid out a plan to return about 65% of your free cash flow to shareholders. So maybe you can just comment on what you think about free cash flow for 2021, and why not allocate a little bit more to the capital return side, the buyback side, do you see free cash flow above that $5 billion and again, is there a preference maybe to increase towards buybacks? Thanks.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. I mean, Arun, good morning. What I would say is, look, our target, which has been our target since before spin is really a long-term rating agency adjusted net debt-to-EBITDA target of between 2.5 and three. And so we are above that today by about 150 basis points, really mainly because of the lower EBITDA as well as the lower interest rates, which really drove another $1 billion increase on the pension side of the house. So we still have some work to do, and that is why we are going to do about $1 billion roughly of deleveraging. It is our target for 2021, on top of all the other things that I said. But we understand your point, and we agree with it. And certainly, as earnings continue to improve, we will take another hard look at share buyback at a minimum to cover dilution. And then we will see how the back half of the year goes. We will all see how some of those best owner projects that we are working on goes. And if we have excess cash, we will use that excess cash, aligned with Jims capital allocation priorities that he walked through earlier.
Operator: And that will conclude todays question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Colleen Kay for any additional or closing remarks.
Colleen Kay: Thank you, everyone, for joining our call today. We appreciate your interest in Dow. For your reference, a copy of our transcript will be posted on Dows website within 24 hours. This concludes our call. Have a great day.
Operator: And that will conclude todays call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-22 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Dow Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Also, todays call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Colleen Kay, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, maam.
Colleen Kay: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us to discuss the third quarter financial results for Dow. Were making this call available via webcast, and we have prepared slides to supplement our comments during this conference call. They are posted on the Investor Relations section of Dows website and through the link to our webcast. I am Colleen Kay, Investor Relations Vice President for Dow and joining me on the call today are Jim Fitterling, Dows Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Howard Ungerleider, President and Chief Financial Officer. Please read the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the earnings news release and slides. During our call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations or predictions about the future. Because these statements are based on current assumptions and factors that involve risks and uncertainties, our actual performance and results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Dows Forms 10-Q and 10-K include detailed discussions of principal risks and uncertainties which may cause such differences. Unless otherwise specified all financials where applicable exclude significant items. Well also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures is contained in the Dow earnings release, in the slides that supplement our comments today, and on the Dow website. On Slide 2, youll see our agenda for the call. Jim will begin with the third quarter highlights and discuss the operating performance of the segments. Howard will share an update on our progress against the actions were taking to further enhance our financial strength, and then provide our market outlook and modeling guidance. Jim will close with some remarks on Dows progress towards our sustainability targets and our competitive position for growth. Following that, we will take your questions. With that, Ill turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Fitterling: Thank you, Colleen, and thanks to everyone for joining us. On behalf of the Dow team, we hope that you and your families are healthy and safe. Starting on Slide 3, in the third quarter, the Dow team delivered strong operating cash flow in line with a year ago period, despite lower earnings as a result of the pandemic. As the global economy began a gradual recovery, we captured demand growth from second quarter lows across all segments. Our polyethylene business achieved 3% volume growth year-over-year. And on a sequential basis, total company volume increased 9% with all businesses and regions achieving demand gains. We saw a strength across furniture and bedding appliances, packaging, construction and automotive end markets. These results enabled us to deliver revenue that exceeded our original guidance and a more than 700 basis point improvement in operating EBIT margin versus the prior quarter. Sequentially, every segment and business posted margin gains led by the polyurethanes business and the Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment. Dow generated solid cash flow, delivering $1.8 billion in cash flow from continuing operations. Free cash flow was $1.5 billion, up more than $150 million versus the same quarter last year, continuing our track record of improvement every quarter since spin on a year-over-year basis. Our cash flow conversion was 119% versus 96% in the same period last year. We returned $518 million to shareholders through our industry leading dividend and continued to reduce net debt by approximately $1.1 billion in the quarter, down a total of more than $1.8 billion year-to-date. These results were underpinned by the early actions we took at the beginning of the pandemic, which enabled us to benefit from the start of the recovery. Last month, we announced details on our restructuring program, which will deliver $300 million in annual structural cost improvements. We finalized the sale of our North American rail assets in September and announced a second infrastructure divestment for select U.S Gulf Coast marine and terminal operations. Both actions are aligned with our best-owner mindset and are expected to deliver total cash proceeds of nearly $1 billion by year end. We also enhanced our financial flexibility, increasing our cash and committed liquidity to greater than $13.5 billion and improving our liability profile with a $2 billion debt neutral bond issuance. We now have no substantial long-term debt maturities due until the second half of 2024. And we are on target to deliver on our previously committed 2020 operational expense reduction of $500 million. Finally, we advanced our efforts in sustainability to create opportunities for growth, drive innovative solutions for our customers and increase efficiencies throughout our operations. Dow's discipline and focus on capturing value from the unfolding recovery has positioned us to keep building on our strong performance, further enhancing our competitiveness and advancing our ambition. On Slide 4, I'll provide a review of our segment results. The improving economy, though uneven, allowed us to increase our operating rates across the enterprise, which are now approaching first quarter levels. Operating EBIT for the enterprise increased by $704 million sequentially. Volume in the Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment rose 1% year-over-year as plastic demand remain resilient, and our year-to-date polyethylene volumes exceeded the same period in 2019. While company net sales declined 10% versus the year ago period, primarily driven by lower global energy prices, Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment price increases supported a 14% improvement in sales versus the prior quarter. Operating EBIT was $647 million, down from the year ago period as targeted expense reductions and volume gains were more than offset by overall margin compression. However, on a sequential basis, the segment grew operating EBIT by $329 million and expanded operating EBIT margins by 630 basis points, driven by solid consumer and industrial sector rebounds. The Packaging & Specialty Plastics business captured strong year-over-year demand growth in flexible food and specialty packaging, infrastructure of consumer and transportation packaging, and health and hygiene application. And compared to the prior quarter, the business delivered local price gains in all regions and double-digit gains in the United States, Canada and Latin America. Moving to the Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure segment. Operating EBIT was $104 million, down from the year ago period due to weaker demand and margin compression. On a sequential basis, the segment grew operating EBIT by $324 million and expanded operating EBIT margins by more than 1,200 basis points driven by significant volume recovery in polyurethane applications as demand rose for durable goods and construction end markets. The polyurethanes and construction chemicals business reported a net sales decline year-over-year, despite benefiting from demand growth in furniture, bedding and appliances. Compared to the prior quarter, the business delivered double-digit volume growth in nearly all regions with particular strength in consumer durables, construction and automotive and markets. As a result of rising demand, we increased operating rates by approximately 20% over the second quarter. The Industrial Solutions business reported lower net sales versus the year ago period, driven by decreased local prices and volume. Sequentially, the business captured increased demand primarily from solvent and intermediate as industrial markets began to recover. And finally, the Performance Materials & Coatings segment reported operating EBIT of $75 million, down year-over-year primarily driven by margin compression in merchant siloxanes and reduced demand due to the pandemic. However, sequentially, the segment grew operating EBIT by $48 million and expanded margins by 220 basis points, led by demand recovery and formulated silicones products and coating. The Consumer Solutions business reported a decrease in net sales versus a year ago period. Continued resilient demand in home care applications was more than offset by weaker demand year-over-year in automotive, construction and high-end personal care as a result of the pandemic. Compared to the prior quarter, the business delivered volume gains as industrial manufacturing activity, high-rise building projects and mobility and transportation began to improve. The Coatings & Performance Monomers business achieved volume growth in all regions except the United States and Canada, which were flat versus the year ago period. Demand increased in architectural coatings as residential construction market dynamics strengthened and consumers continued do-it-yourself projects. As a result, the business captured sequential double-digit gains in nearly all regions. Turning to Slide 5, our feedstock flexibility was again a key enabler of margin expansion, contributing to sequential operating EBIT margin improvement in the quarter. Feedstock costs were higher than anticipated entering the quarter. However, our flexibility and agility to optimize feeds in real time asset-by-asset and furnace-by-furnace allowed us to capitalize on our cost curve advantage and drive incremental margins. We purposely built this capability, both people and assets around the world over many decades to take advantage of raw material and co-product market dynamics. On the U.S Gulf Coast, ethane and propane have been the cost advantage feeds for more than 90% of the time over the past decade. Dow's leading ethane and propane flex capabilities and our ability to reduce an assets of zero have given us a competitive advantage. This is especially true in these volatile derivative markets, which have constrained operators who are more reliant on NAFTA. Altogether, this will continue to drive substantial value for Dow not just in North America, but also in Europe were Dow's LPG range is 4x greater than the industries. And these advantages extend to Dow sites in Argentina, Canada, and then our joint ventures in Asia Pacific and the Middle East, where we have optimized mixed feed cracker capabilities. Dow's feedstock flexibility advantage is reflected in the strength of our margins as showcased in our annual benchmarking results. And with that, let me hand it over to Howard for more color on our financial results.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Moving to Slide 6. Through 2020, we have continued to improve our liquidity and liability profiles, execute against our unique cash levers and strengthen our competitive cost structure. Our discipline delivered a cash flow conversion of 117% on a trailing 12-month basis, which is more than doubled since spin. This cash generation has further strengthened our financial profile. We increased total cash and available committed liquidity by $1.5 billion at quarter end to more than $13.5 billion, representing a 28% increase over the end of 2019. Over the same period, we also reduced net debt by $1.8 billion with an in-quarter reduction of $1.1 billion. As Jim mentioned, we also continued to prudently manage our liability profile as well. We extended our next substantive debt maturity out by another year now to mid 2024 with a debt neutral bond issuance in the quarter. This disciplined approach to prioritizing cash has enabled us to continue to improve our balance sheet, even through the pandemic. Something that has been a challenge to many in our industry. In fact, our best-in-class free cash flow yield and conversion rate have driven a further reduction in our net debt to cap ratio since year end 2019, reflecting our improved leverage and positioning us well for the recovery. We also continued to advance our unique Dow cash levers, which are set to deliver over $1.5 billion in discreet cash tailwinds for the year. Entering the third quarter, we had already delivered more than $700 million in cash. We were able to close our rail infrastructure assets sale 3 months earlier than originally planned, resulting in a cash proceeds of more than $300 million. And we announced plans to divest select marine and terminal infrastructure assets. The targeted close for this transaction is early December with more than $600 million in cash proceeds expected. These transactions strategically targeted non-product producing assets and demonstrate our best owner mindset and culture of benchmarking, while locking in long-term cost advantage access to these services. Early in the year, we took additional actions to further streamline our cost structure and boost our competitiveness in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Last quarter, we increased our 2020 operating expense reduction target to $500 million and we are on track having delivered approximately 60% year-to-date. And our focus on releasing cash from our balance sheet has resulted in a decrease of more than $700 million in working capital over the last 12 months. This has been aided by our structure of working capital interventions, which contributed to the $137 million release of cash for the quarter, even with sequentially higher sales. And we will continue to target additional structural working capital improvements going forward. We also finalized our restructuring program in the quarter, recording a $575 million charge comprised of severance, exit and disposal activities and asset write downs. With a 2-year payback period, the program is expected to deliver total annualized EBITDA savings of more than $300 million achieving a run rate of 50% by mid 2021 and substantially complete by the end of 2021. The asset shutdowns target primarily small scale production facilities as we continue to balance supply to regional needs and will not impact our ability to meet customer demand. Altogether, our actions are producing increased financial flexibility and enhancing our competitiveness as the economic recovery gains momentum. Now moving to Sadara on Slide 7. Consistent with the growth captured in our core packaging and polyurethane businesses from the ongoing economic recovery, Sadara is also benefiting from end market resilience and market supply tightness. As a result, the JV's financial and operational performance continues to improve with an equity earnings uplift of approximately $100 million year-over-year. And Dow's expected contribution for 2020 has now been reduced by 20% to no more than $400 million. In addition, the structural changes that will be implemented to enhance Sadara's long-term feedstock flexibility through additional ethane and an extension of natural gasoline lean allocation will improve its position on the global cost curve. Dow, Saudi Aramco and Sadara continue to make good progress toward debt reprofiling with the lenders. We remain on target to have an agreement to reprofile Sadara's project financing debt by year-end. Turning to our market outlook on Slide 8. In the first half of the year, we took aggressive action in response to the pandemic to reduce production to match demand, well ahead of the industry. The economic recovery has generally progressed as we expected. However, the pace in the third quarter, particularly in durable good end markets was faster than anticipated. In response, we quickly increased operating rates by double digits across the enterprise from the June low. This deliberate approach has enabled us to build cash and reduce net debt. Going forward, Dow is positioned to capture a significant upside as the economic recovery strengthens. Indicators are signaling stabilization in key markets and geographies. PMI, for example, has increased across China, EMEA and the U.S and the U.S housing market is up 20% year-on-year. The underlying demand trends combined with continued low inventories are leading to tight market conditions, which presents additional opportunity for our portfolio to ramp our operating rates higher. Turning to our modeling guidance on Slide 9. Moving to the fourth quarter, we expect the economic recovery will continue to improve, driving sequentially higher business results, but tempered by typical seasonality, which has historically been anywhere from a 3% to 5% sequential impact on sales and a 5% to 10% impact on EBIT. For modeling purposes, we suggest to use the midpoint of those ranges. And as the quarter progresses, if things materially change, we'll be sure to provide an update. We see total sales in the range of $9.5 billion to $9.8 billion. The strength we saw in the third quarter in key value chains like polyethylene and isocyanates is expected to continue as durable good end market demand further rebounds and packaging demand continues to be resilient. As usual, we're highlighting the key EBIT drivers in the quarter on a sequential basis. In the Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment, we expect a robust consumer driven purchasing behaviors to continue for our packaging applications. And with industry inventory levels at 5-year lows, we see support for the recently nominated October price increase. In the Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure segment, continuing demand recovery in the automotive, construction and furniture and bedding markets should continue to support price increases in the fourth quarter with some offsetting seasonality. And finally in the Performance Materials & Coating segment, as usual, normal seasonality in the Northern hemisphere will be a headwind for coatings in the quarter. However, orders in automotive, electronics and construction end markets should provide demand gains for our differentiated silicone offerings. We do expect $100 million higher turnaround spend sequentially as we had a delay from the third quarter due to the hurricanes on the U.S Gulf Coast. However, we are still on track to lower our turnaround costs by a $100 million for the full year versus 2019 and deliver our $500 million expense savings as well. I'd like to emphasize that this near-term guidance is based on our assumptions for a continued yet uneven recovery. We expect to rebound off of first half lows that benefited our third quarter results to continue, growing at a moderate pace from the fourth quarter, absent any significant second wave pandemic impacts. We remain confident that the decisive actions Dow has taken this year will continue to differentiate us in that environment. With that, I'll turn it back to Jim.
Jim Fitterling: Thank you, Howard. Please turn to Slide 10. In addition to our strong financial performance throughout this turbulent year, Dow also launched breakthrough sustainability targets earlier this year, focused on reducing our carbon footprint and addressing plastic waste. Sustainability is not a new concept to Dow. In fact, for decades, it has been a defining factor in how we make decisions, run our operations and innovate new products. These new targets reflect our longstanding commitment to apply our material science expertise to address the world's most pressing issues. We announced our intention to reduce Dow's net annual carbon emissions by 15% by 2030, and achieve carbon neutrality by 2050. New enabling process technologies will bring carbon efficiencies to our operations and provide higher earnings such as our FCDH technology being scaled up at our cracker in Plaquemine, Louisiana, as well as increasing Dow's renewable energy purchases at very competitive costs across the United States and Latin America and accelerating technology to electrify ethylene steam crackers. We also continuously innovate new products and solutions to help our customers meet their sustainability commitments and lower their carbon emissions. For example, our SunSpheres bio SPF booster and MaizeCare style polymers are products that meet our customer's requirements for more sustainable personal care solution. Secondly, we announced several actions to further our leadership role in driving a more circular economy. By 2030, Dow will help stop the waste by enabling 1 million metric tons of plastics to be collected, reused or recycled through direct actions and partnerships. For example, our work with partners around the globe to construct the infrastructure, like polymer modified asphalt roads and to make products with post consumer recycled plastic. And by 2035, we will close the loop enabling 100% of Dow products sold into packaging applications to be reusable or recyclable. We are developing circular economy solutions such as investing in advanced recycling and offering recycled plastics with our recycle ready technology as part of our product portfolio. We are already seeing the benefits of our actions as the market adoptions for these new solutions continues to grow and enabled us to drive lower costs and higher sales throughout our businesses. Sustainability will continue to be a critical driver of long-term value for Dow and our shareholders. In closing, on Slide 11, our strengthened financial flexibility, disciplined focused on cash and the actions we have taken to reduce structural costs, position us well to continue delivering value for Dow and our shareholders. Most of our markets have already seen significant improvement. And as the recovery broadens, we will begin to see higher margins as differentiated parts of our portfolio returned to more normalized growth. Our functional polymers polyurethane systems and silicones businesses as highlighted in our annual benchmarking, deliver premium margins and represents significant EBITDA and margin uplift as social and workplace activities resume and durable goods demand continues to increase. In the meantime, we remain focused on strengthening our financial position, unlocking additional cash upside and successfully reprofiling Sadara's debt. This financial flexibility will further enhance our competitiveness as we move forward, affording us an ability to see the right opportunities for growth. We're also advancing Dow's commitment to ESG as we pursue our long-term ambition to become the most innovative customer centric, inclusive and sustainable material science company in the world. Driving long-term growth as consumer demand rises for innovative more sustainable solutions. These actions are underpinned by a unique consumer focused portfolio that has broad geographic product and market reach as well as industry leading feedstock flexibility, combined with our focus on low capital intensity investments, digitalization and innovation. We will continue to drive superior performance relative to our peers. Now I'll turn it back to Colleen to set up the Q&A.
Colleen Kay: Thank you, Jim. Now let's move on to your question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will hear from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Good morning. Jim and Howard, in terms of your capital allocation as your strength has improved, especially with the debt refinancing, you have a lot of free cash over the next 2, 3 years. How do you expect to use that cash? Which could be buybacks, could be some bolt-on M&As, could be investment in the business organically. Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, David. Thanks for the question. And obviously we've done a great job managing cash and delivering cash from the machine. And as you say, we've paid down about $2 billion of debt this year. So as we look at next year and in the next couple of years, we're working on scenarios where we could be able to with discipline, increase that CapEx from the $1.25 billion that we have this year. Most of that $1.25 billion is going to safely and reliably operate the plants today, and growth capital in downstream businesses like our Industrial Solutions business, polyurethane systems and formulated silicones businesses. As we free up a little bit more CapEx, it's going to go into quick payback projects, especially anything that hits reliability and really improves things like cracker reliability come to the bottom line pretty quickly. So you should see that. And then once we get back above COVID demand growth levels, we'll start to look at more downstream CapEx investment. But I would say we'll open it up gradually and we'll ramp it as we see the demand improve. As far as M&A, I would think any bolt-on M&A would be relatively small. I don't know, Howard, if you want to comment on that.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. No -- but no big bang M&A, Dave, and I would say that in addition to continuing to support our leading dividend, we also want to continue to delever. So we haven't set a target yet for next year. We are ahead of pace this year, as you pointed out. We'll set a target, I'm sure on the next earnings call. But it will be in the $500 million to a $1 billion range as a first pass based on what we see today.
Operator: Next, we will go to Jonas Oxgaard with Bernstein.
Jonas Oxgaard: Good morning, guys.
Jim Fitterling: Hi, Jonas.
Jonas Oxgaard: I have a two part, if you dont mind, on Sadara. Im looking at the closures you had, and you're talking about $400 million cash in. If I'm looking at the combined EBITDA, even if I assume Q4 is the same as Q3, its only about $160 million with $250 million of interest and your debt is not going down. So my first part of the question is where has all that cash gone? Is that to do the changes in the plant that you're talking about? And then the second part of the question is how should I think about 2021 here then? You're talking about cash -- sustainable cash flows, which I'm assuming means zero cash-in from Dow. How do you plan to get there? That seems to require a pretty significant increase in EBITDA for '21.
Jim Fitterling: Yes, Jonas, I'm going to let Howard unpack it. But just remember the cash that's going into Sadara is our portion of the principle repayments on the project financing, which is why the debt reprofiling by the end of the year is a big target for us. So, Howard, why dont you unpack like the EBITDA recon and also progress on how we're doing on debt reprofiling.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. Jonas, good morning. Look, I think, let me start with the Sadara's operation -- operational performance. And I would say that they're on -- their third quarter numbers were a $100 million improvement from an equity earnings perspective versus the same quarter a year-ago. They also saw sequential improvement. And I would also say that they are on track right now to have a better 2020 then 2019, which I would say most folks in our industry can't say that. So I think their operational performance is doing very well. They've taken cost out. Obviously, they're also benefiting from the snapback in demand that we've seen in the durable goods areas in the urethane chain as well as the resilient demand that we've seen in our core business in packaging. When you think about where the money is going, Jim, hit it on the head, which is remember right now it's project financed. Project financing means they've got about a $1 billion of principal that are coming due every year, so that money is going to principal pay down. That's why we're so focused on the reprofiling. And I would tell you that we made really substantive progress with the ECAs that are in the syndicate in the third quarter. We are now in the process of engaging with the commercial lenders and the investors, and we remain on track to get a deal done by the end of the year. So we're feeling really good about that. And remember that reprofiling -- our targets on reprofiling is for Sadara to be in a position of cash flow self-sufficiency by January 1. And so that is the thought process and we're on track to make that happen. We don't have it done. We still have work to do, but watch this space. I'm really pleased with the team. We got Saudi Aramco, Sadara and the Dow treasury teams that are working collaboratively with each of the lenders in the lending syndicate. So more to come, but good progress so far.
Operator: Next, we will move on to Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Thanks and good morning, everyone. Building on your comments about the strength in polyethylene markets and your expectation for pricing in October. Maybe you could just help us understand how you're anticipating the balance of the quarter playing out. Normally November and December, in particular, we tend to see some price decline. So do you think those will be -- there'll be price declines, or do you think that the demand strength that you're seeing there is robust enough to keep those at a minimum despite the fact that there's a good amount of Chinese capacity coming. And then just what's your expectation for ethane as these new crackers starting out as these as crackers restart post the hurricane outages. Thanks.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Vincent. Good question. And let me -- I'll take the first and then I'll come back to ethane. I think one of the reasons we had a better performance in third quarter was demand was stronger for longer than we expected and inventories were lower than anybody expected. We also had higher operating rates at Dow, but also throughout the industry. And we did have some impact from quite a bit of capacity offline as we ended the third quarter. My expectation is demand is going to continue to be strong. It's been stronger. Polyethylene demand has been stronger year-over-year every month, all year long, even through the second quarter which was a very sharp downturn. So I think that bodes well for pricing through the quarter. And I think our average price through the quarter will probably tick up slightly. Remember, it started low and it ended up about $0.12 through the quarter in the third quarter in the U.S. I would say we'll hold on to that and maybe pick up slightly on average for the quarter. On ethane, there's been a lot of speculation on what's going to happen. With that saying, I would say natural gas looks to me like it's going to stay about where it is. It might rise to as much as 3.50 through the winter, but I don't see anything that would indicate that there's going to be a big spike up in natural gas. And on ethane you have to remember that frac spreads as they improve, bring a lot of ethane to the market. What we saw in June and July, frac spreads got up to a $1.50, a million BTU, and that was enough to bring 300,000 barrels per day of ethane to the market. So I expect frac spreads will increase a little bit. We might see ethane prices bump up a couple of cents in the fourth quarter from where they've been. But as those frac spreads increase people are going to bring some more capacity into the market.
Operator: And next we will move on to Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. In your geographic description of your growth, I thought the results were different than what I would have expected. In that -- in the U.S and Canada, your volumes were down 9; in Europe, they were up 4; in Asia, they were flat. And I would have thought that Asia would have been stronger and Europe weaker, maybe the U.S stronger. Can you talk about those overall trends and whether you expect them to continue? And then quickly for Howard, accrued and other liabilities moved from $2.7 billion to $3.4 billion in the quarter. Sequentially, what's a normal number for accrued and other liabilities for Dow?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Jeff. I'll take the geographic question and I'll let Howard talk about the liabilities. I would say the recovery is probably more market driven globally than it is geographically driven. We've seen similar patterns in all the geographies on what's coming back in the market. So food and specialty packaging, industrial packaging, we saw big tick up in construction. We saw durable goods, electronics all up, appliances up, and we saw that across all the markets. We saw automotive make a big comeback. I would say, what you get into region-by-region would just be differences that you might see in a region. For example, siloxanes was a bit slow in the third quarter in Asia and we have a pretty sizable footprint there. And then polyurethanes, obviously is a big footprint in Europe. And while it ticked up globally, we still have some room there to grow. So I wouldn't read much into it from a geographic standpoint, I think the markets are continuing to improve. I think Latin America probably made one of the stronger snapbacks that we saw, especially Brazil in the third quarter. So we'll keep an eye on that, but it's really more market driven. And, Howard, do you want to touch liabilities?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, Jeff, great question. I'm impressed with your diligence in the back of our press release. Look, I would say that the $3.4 billion number has definitely increased. The biggest driver is the restructuring, right? So we announced this. We announced the restructuring of 6% of our labor costs. And so we accrued in the quarter for all of the charges, and that obviously comes into the accrued and current liabilities. The other items is with the higher performance, there is a slight increase in the performance comp expectation. That's an annual bonus program. We'll see how the fourth quarter turns out, but those are the two big drivers of the increase. So that $3.4 billion number will move around. But as you get through 2022 and 2023, it'll come down by about a $300 million, which was the biggest chunk of the step change because of the accrual.
Operator: We will move on to Frank Mitsch with Fermium Research.
Frank Mitsch: Good morning, folks. An impressive quarter. And it came in 18%, 19% higher than the guidance that you offered in the middle of September. So, obviously you ended the quarter on a tear. Can you talk a bit more about how that surprised you? And here we are 3 weeks into the fourth quarter, how sustainable is that higher level of performance?
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Good morning, Frank. Thanks for the question. And I would say a few things that changed. We had expected to have turnarounds in the third quarter and because of the hurricanes turnarounds came in lower by $50 million in the quarter. Now some of that slides now into the fourth quarter, because we had to take the plants down. And we had about $200 million of improved polyethylene and isocyanates pricing strength between when we guided and the end of the quarter. So I think those are the two big things. The other thing I would say, and just credit to team Dow, fantastic job of blocking and tackling price volume management and running the assets. We move quickly in the second quarter to take operating rates down to match demand, and manage cash and liquidity and we did that really well. And then we brought them up quick, as we saw in third quarter, that things were improving. And I think we capitalize on both ends of that curve. And so -- and then on top of that, we were a little bit lucky, we have to say that, that we did not get a direct hit from the hurricane. So we were able to navigate through that and get the plants back online relatively quickly. Those would be the big moving parts.
Operator: Next we have Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Bob Koort: Thanks very much. Jim, I'm wondering with such volatility in regional margin pads for the polyethylene business over the last year. Do you see ramifications sort of broadly on future expansions? Do you think this is going to chill some ambitions globally, or can you give us some perspective on how you see this next wave of polyethylene that might come into the market over the next couple of years?
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Good morning, Bob. Good question. I think it has chilled some substantially and I think it will continue to chill some more. And on top of what you talked about on demand, you've got to remember there's a lot of pressure on the industry right now to be able to get carbon reductions and get CO2 emissions down. So as you continue to bring on new capacity, people are going to look at that new capacity and they're going to look at your carbon footprint and try to determine what are you doing to your total carbon footprint. That's one of the reasons that we're working on about four technologies in the process technology side, in the ethylene production and propylene production area that are all geared towards being able to build future plants that could potentially be zero carbon crackers. And also being able to retrofit existing plants where it might be able to get a 20% to 40% reduction in CO2 footprint. So we're doing that for ourselves, but we're also doing that because we think that could be a revenue on licensing stream for us going forward. So I would stay tuned, but I think you're starting to see people pull back a little bit on projects, and that's why we pivoted pretty quickly to manage cash and liquidity through this so that when we get through the pandemic, we come out with a strong balance sheet and we have the capability and the flexibility that we need to not only grow, but to do it in a way that helps bring that carbon footprint down.
Operator: John Roberts with UBS will have our next question.
John Roberts: Thank you. Two of the contributors to polyethylene strength I think were low channel inventory going into the recession and a temporary switch away from recycled plastic towards virgin. Have inventories normalized in the channel? And are you seeing any signs of a move back towards recycled?
Jim Fitterling: I would say inventories at the end of third quarter continued to be low. In fact, they probably went down at the end of the quarter from where we started at the end of the second quarter. So I don't see any change there. And on virgin plastics, John, I think today with recycle rates and we see this as well when people are looking to recycle plastics back into new materials, it's requiring virgin materials to blend with that capability. So I don't think recycling necessarily displaces all the virgin material. I think you still need plenty of virgin materials to make the quality that you need for that end spec. I think that'll change over time, but that isn't going to be an impact over the next couple of years.
Operator: And up next we'll hear from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar: Yes. Hi, good morning, Jim and Howard.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, P.J.
P.J. Juvekar: Quick question -- quick question on siloxanes. It's weak due to excess supply in siloxanes. So how quickly can you get your merchant siloxanes into downstream silicones and would that cause over capacity in silicones? And my second question is, you've talked about best owner mindset, you've done some divestitures here. Would Sadara be a long-term holding for you, post your bank agreements? Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: Yes, P.J. on the siloxanes question, I think the real issue is just addressing the merchant siloxanes capacity. So we've done some things obviously to take some of that capacity idle, and that was part of the third quarter charge that we put in there. So we're going to idle a little bit of capacity in siloxanes. For downstream silicones, very diverse markets. I think we can continue to invest in downstream silicones, formulated silicones investments and continue to chew up that merchant siloxanes business without getting into an oversupply situation. So we see it in automotive. We see it in construction, all very strong. It goes into appliances. It goes into all kinds of food packaging and specialty packaging. So I think you're going to see there are plenty of growth areas for the downstream of siloxanes -- silicones without really overpowering that. And as for Sadara, first things first. Our goal here is to get Sadara refinanced and get that $500 million a year off. So a $500 million cash improvement every year for Dow. And then when we get past that, we'll start to have a look at long-term what we think can happen. Sadara is improving. You can see it in the rates of third quarter, and we're not at cycle averages yet in terms of EBITDA growth. So this is what Sadara can do at some pretty low levels. We've probably got another 20% up before we get the cycle averages on EBITDA. And we'll take that into account and look through the cycle and what the outlook is before we get into any discussions about that.
Operator: Next, we will move to Steve Byrne with Bank of America.
Steve Byrne: Yes. Good morning. I wanted to drill in a little -- more on this $300 million cost savings initiatives. How much of that would you say is actual headcount reduction versus workforce costs, like T&E and another bucket could be the asset rationalization? And what do you think the net benefit could be in 2021 in COGS and SG&A?
Jim Fitterling: Howard, do you want to take that and kind of unpack what the costs are?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. Look, I would say from a hard dollar savings standpoint, you should expect about $150 million to drop to the bottom line in 2021. And then the balance of the $300 million, another $150 million in 2022. It includes a 6% reduction in our workforce costs. So that doesn't mean 6% headcount. I mean, obviously we're trying hard to trim the high-end of the pyramid. Obviously, we're also looking at streamlining. When you think about it from a segment level perspective, it's about a little bit more than a third in P&SP, and then the balance split between Industrial Intermediates & Performance Materials and Chemicals.
Operator: And we'll move on to Lawrence Alexander with Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander: Good morning. I have a question about the costs or burdens from your ESG initiatives or the direction you're going. I guess, could you touch on your current thinking about the CapEx or return on capital on recycling versus virgin plastic. And for the carbon neutral targets, how disruptive would it be for Dow to pull forward that target by, say, 10 or 15 years if that's the direction the political winds end up blowing?
Jim Fitterling: Yes, good morning, Lawrence. Let me talk a little bit about on the carbon side. Clearly the source of carbon emissions comes from generation of power, burning natural gas and burning natural gas in the furnaces, in the cracker. On energy, alternative energy, we have a target to create to contract as much as 750 megawatts of alternative energy, wind and solar. And most of that is competitive or less expensive than what we produce today. So that has a net value add to it. Obviously, we can do everything. There becomes a limit on what I can do with wind and solar because I need 24/7 available dispatchable power and I need steam. And so as we look at the future growth, we're looking at cracking and process technology around FCDH, which is a way to make propylene out of propane and do it with about a 20% lower carbon emissions. And that, I think, can be equal to or better than a return on capital than what we typically approve in our projects. We're also working on, and these are all smaller dollar right now, pilot scale activities. We're also working on that same technology for ethane to ethylene. It's obviously a little bit tougher to make that happen. That could be as much as a 40% reduction in CO2 footprint. Obviously, pulling things forward will depend on those technologies proving themselves and then looking at the total capital that we have to spend over time to make that happen. And as you know, some of these assets are very profitable. So you want to have a game plan for how you do this over time. I would say the other area that we've got to be sensitive to is that on the recycling side is recycling is going to need public policy as well as recycling targets to make things happen. One of the reasons it doesn't happen today is because it's more expensive to recycle than it is to make virgin material. So one of the things we're working on around the world, Europe, United States, as well as what is the policy need to look like. In a linear economy, the cheapest thing to do is for your plastic waste to go to a landfill. And obviously, if we stay in a linear economy, we run the risk that there's more plastic waste ends up in places like the ocean. If we want to close that, we've got to create the right incentives to close that loop and bring it back. And there's technology to do it today. More than 80% of what we make today can be completely recycled, but it isn't. And that really has to do with local policies and costs and we've got to tackle that issue.
Operator: And we'll move on to Christopher Parkinson with Credit Suisse.
Kieran de Brun: Good morning. This is Kieran on for Chris.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Kieran.
Kieran de Brun: I was just wondering, demand for polyurethane -- good morning. Demand for polyurethane has clearly improved substantially in this quarter. I know it's a little bit early, but can you discuss any preliminary demand trends you're seeing in 4Q and maybe how you view 2021 versus 2019 demand levels, that would be helpful. Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: We saw double-digit volume growth quarter-over-quarter, and it primarily was driven by consumer durables, appliances, construction and automotive end markets. So they're up. Although some of them are still below last year's levels. Automotive, for example, is up, but it's still below 2019 levels. I think it's going to continue. Appliances are still very, very strong and there's a lot of backlog on appliances and the supply chains after what we went through in the second quarter and into the third quarter, the supply chains are tight in some areas. So you're seeing a lot of backlogs and we're catching up with that demand. So I think it's going to continue through the fourth quarter for sure. And then we'll keep an eye on how it goes beyond that. China, I would say already in almost all markets has returned to pre-COVID levels. And so we may actually start to see overall growth in China, which would be good. I would say some markets in the rest of the world, like appliances, like packaging are at pre-COVID levels, but not all. In automotive, it's still shallow to pre-COVID levels and probably will be for a couple of years, I expect.
Operator: And we'll move on to Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners.
Kevin McCarthy: Good morning. Jim, just to continue the dialogue on polyurethanes, I was curious to hear your thoughts on the supply side. We've seen a number of force majeure declarations. Can you speak to where you think inventory levels are in MDI and Polyols as well as operating rates and prospective pricing outlook in the chain?
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Good morning, Kevin. Things are tight as a drum right now on MDI and propylene oxide. I'd say Polyols maybe a little bit better, but it's propylene oxide that's pretty tight right now. And I think that's going to continue. Obviously, when you have an upset in isocyanates operation, you want to get it back as soon as you can, but it sometimes takes a while to get back up and get lined out. So I think things are going to be tied to the fourth quarter. Could extend into the first quarter. We are managing. We are working very closely with customers to try to keep them running and try to keep enough allocation to everybody, so that we can support them through. But it's a lot of heavy lifting by the team right now.
Operator: And we'll move on to Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets.
Arun Viswanathan: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I guess, I just wanted to get your thoughts similar type of question, but there's been some chatter of potential restocking in certain end markets, maybe the first half of '21. I guess, would you agree with that? I'm just curious, just because it seems like some of your markets you're back to normal levels, maybe in construction and so on. And you mentioned China is kind of back there, but maybe if you can touch on automotive and construction in some of these areas, do you expect more restocking in the first half of next year, or are we kind of back at normal levels?
Jim Fitterling: Arun, I'm not sure I would characterize it as restocking or just getting back to target levels of supply. I think we've dipped in some of the supply chains below target inventory levels, and that's made them the supply chains less robust. And on top of that you've got global trade issues, which really complicates some of the supply chains as well. So I think people would like to get back to normal inventory levels. I'm not sure I would call that restocking or stocking up. I think just get back to a more resilient supply chain, because we're doing this today and it's taking a toll on people. The second thing I would say is that coming out of COVID we're pivoting to more digital capabilities. And one of the things that we're able to do with digital channels is have better line of sight to market demand and we're able to match operating rates to demand. And so I think you're going to see a change in behavior in terms of how people operate, that they're going to have a much better visibility on the demand side and they're going to be able to titrate that. So you won't see big swings up and down in inventories. You'll see things be more tightly managed, especially in a period of time like this where cash is king and you need to focus on cash and liquidity.
Operator: And we will move on to John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets.
John McNulty: Yes, thanks for taking my questions. So maybe a bit of a follow-up to what you were speaking to earlier. On the Packaging & Specialty Plastics area, when I look at the outlook that you guys have for 4Q versus 3Q, the flat to up 3% or so. I guess, to me, it seems like something is missing here because the pricing looks like it should be solidly better than that. The demand environment, given low inventories, also sounds like it should be at least a modest improvement. So are there other puts and takes that we should be considering, or is it just a conservative outlook? I guess, how should we be thinking about that?
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Remember, I talked about the turnaround. So the turnarounds that were in third quarter that got moved in the fourth quarter are going to hit packaging, especially plastics segment. And so they get most of that $100 million cost. You can add back -- we had about a $50 million impact in the third quarter from hurricane Laura, you can add that back. So $100 million of turnaround costs, take $50 million off of that. So youve got that, which is weighing on it. And then we are expecting ethane price to go up a couple of cents during the quarter. Those are the biggest moving parts.
Operator: And next, we will move on to Jim Sheehan with Truist Securities.
James Sheehan: Good morning. Just on your sustainability initiatives, what are the incremental costs of reducing the carbon emissions and collecting the 1 million tons of plastics for recycling by 2030? And on closed the loop, would that increase or decrease your mid cycle EBITDA, and then roughly by how much?
Jim Fitterling: Jim, I dont know that I would characterize the carbon reductions as incremental costs. I think as you look forward, it will be reflected in where we decide to spend our capital spending and how we decide to improve those assets. We want to do this in a way thats neutral or positive to the company's results. Thats why were focusing in on process technology and catalysis as a way to do it. And those are the near-term improvements that we're looking to make. And also remember that weve older assets in the fleet. And so some of those that are at the end of life, have some of the higher carbon intensity and carbon footprint. So we decide to do with older assets can have a big impact as well. On closing the loop, it isn't like we are going to pay to close the loop in the marketplace. There's market demand for recycle materials, and so were working with partners to create innovative solutions to make that happen and we are working with the marketplace to get the capital markets involved. So we are working with people like the recycling partnership, close loop partners and were trying to come up with business models that, in and of themselves, are sustainable, and that will allow that plastic to come back in. And in some cases get blended with virgin plastics to make the final end product.
Operator: And that will conclude today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Colleen Kay for any additional or closing remarks.
Colleen Kay: Thank you everyone for joining our call today. We appreciate your interest in Dow. For your reference, a copy of our transcript will be posted on Dows website within 24 hours. This concludes our call. Have a great day.
Operator: So that will be the end of today's call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-23 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Dow Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Also, todays call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Colleen Kay, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, maam.
Colleen Kay: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us to discuss the second quarter financial results for Dow. Were making this call available via webcast, and we have prepared slides to supplement our comments during this conference call. They are posted on the Investor Relations section of Dows website and through the link to our webcast. I am Colleen Kay, Investor Relations Vice President for Dow and joining me on the call today are Jim Fitterling, Dows Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Howard Ungerleider, President and Chief Financial Officer. Please read the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the earnings news release and slides. During our call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations or predictions about the future. Because these statements are based on current assumptions and factors that involve risks and uncertainties, our actual performance and results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Dows Forms 10-Q and 10-K include detailed discussions of principal risks and uncertainties which may cause such differences. Unless otherwise specified all financials where applicable exclude significant items. Well also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures is contained in the Dow earnings release, in the slides that supplement our comments today, and on the Dow website. On Slide 2, youll see our agenda for the call. Jim will begin with the second quarter highlights and discuss the operating performance of the segments. Howard will provide a financial overview of the quarter and an update on Sadara, he will share the additional actions we are taking to address current market condition and then move into modeling guidance. Jim will close with some remarks on our outlook and Dows competitive advantages for growth. Following that, we will take your questions. With that, Ill turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Fitterling: Thank you, Colleen, and thanks to everyone joining us this morning. On behalf of the Dow team, we hope that each of you and your families are healthy and safe. Starting on Slide 3, despite the impact the COVID-19 pandemic had on Dows financial results this quarter, the Dow team continued to stay focused prioritizing cash and maintaining our financial strength. We electively lowered our operating rates to meet demand, reduced the inventory and focused on cash to deliver on our priority. Importantly, we generated $1.6 billion in cash flow from operations, up more than $600 million year-over-year and free cash flow of $1.3 billion, up more than $800 million year-over-year. Our disciplined focus on cash generation has resulted in an improved cash flow conversion every quarter since spin delivering 110% conversion on a trailing 12 month basis. Once again, we ended the quarter with approximately $12 billion in cash and committed liquidity, and we continue to see additional cash flow upside. From a top line perspective, net sales were near the high end of our guidance range driven by solid demand in pandemic related application and in geographies that are leading the economic recovery. We delivered volume growth in consumer staples, including packaging, health and hygiene, home care and pharma end markets. However, it was more than offset by declines in consumer durable end markets. We achieved notable improvements in Asia Pacific with 3% year-over-year volume growth and 13% quarter-over-quarter, largely driven by China as Asian economies continued to reopen and gain momentum. And while Europe and North America were generally slower to restart, especially with the delay in key industries like autos and construction, we are now seeing positive demand indicators across most of our segment. In line with our focus on cash generation, we maintained our financial and operational strength and flexibility. In the quarter, we released $526 million of cash from working capital driving our cash flow from operations higher in yet another quarter consistent with the expectations that we shared in our first quarter earnings call. We continue to deliver on the expense reductions we previously committed and strategically idled assets to balance production to demand. And we're taking additional actions to maintain our strength and flexibility by increasing our expense savings target and initiating a restructuring program to ensure our competitiveness, while the economic recovery gains traction. Howard will talk more about this in a moment. Our strong cash generation enabled us to also deliver on our capital allocation priorities. We maintained safe and reliable operations, returned $516 million to shareholders via our industry leading dividends and paid down $600 million in debt during the quarter with net debt reduction of approximately $740 million year to date. And finally, we continued to advance the key pillars of our ambition for long-term value creation, which you'll see on Slide 4. We stayed close to our customers to manage through this historic period, introducing GPS shipment tracking to help customers better monitor their deliveries and plan their operation, something that has proven to be exceptionally valued by our customers. We launched our new MobilityScience platform to enable easier and better access to our solutions for the transportation sector. And as the transportation industry recovered, our expertise, relationships and unmatched product portfolio enable us to innovate across the value chain, increasing our competitiveness. We also launched an ambitious set of new sustainability targets as well as a set of action that Dow will take to advance anti-racism, inclusion and diversity. We believe these actions are the right thing to do, and they will further drive long-term competitive advantage and value for Dow and all of our stakeholders. I'm proud of the Dow team for their disciplined execution and their focus on operational excellence and cash generation, which are critical to navigating in this challenging environment. As the economy gradually returned, we will continue to leverage our financial and operational flexibility, deliver differentiated value and advance our ambition generating superior shareholder return for the long-term. I'll close my comments on the second quarter with a review of our segment results on Slide 5. Across the company, we took action early in the quarter to idle certain assets and adjust operating rates to match supply demand dynamics caused by the pandemic. Packaging and specialty plastics operating EBIT was $318 million, down $450 million from the year ago period. We saw a strong demand in consumer staples like packaging and also benefited from the targeted expense reductions announced last quarter. However, these gains were more than offset by weaker demand in consumer durable end market as well as lower integrated margins. In the packaging and specialty plastics business, total volumes were flat as gains in EMEA and double digit gains in Asia Pacific were offset by declines in the U.S. and Canada where the market was impacted by both weaker demand and excess supply. Total business volume is up year-to-date and sequentially. The business reported 7% volume growth in packaging application. We saw margins began to improve at the end of the quarter with improved price in June and the return of the U.S. Gulf Coast ethane advantage. Industrial intermediates and infrastructure operating EBIT was down $374 million due to reduced demand, margin compression and increased equity losses. This segment experienced an almost 20% volume decline based on its broad exposure to COVID impacted consumer durables market. Polyurethanes and construction chemicals reported reduced volumes due to weak demand for consumer durable application, including construction, furniture and bedding and automotive as a result of the pandemic. The team responded quickly to the evolving market challenges, lowering operating rates to match production to demand, reducing inventories and operating assets to maximize cash. As the quarter progressed, the business did see double digit volume improvement in June off of the May lows, including volume growth in Asia Pacific and the business order book through July is also up double digit. Industrial Solutions reported volume growth as gains in pharma and home care were more than offset by declines in industrial and oil field applications, as well as consumer athleisure apparel. In response to the pandemic, the business strategically shifted its focus to capitalize on pockets of consumer demand, strength, including materials for cleaning and disinfection. And finally, Performance Materials & Coatings reported operating EBIT of $27 million, down $187 million from the year ago period, primarily due to margin compression in siloxane and lower demand primarily as a result of the COVID-19 related lockdown. Consumer solutions reported lower volumes as 8% demand growth in home care was more than offset by declines in automotive construction and personal care end markets with consumer activities limited by COVID related government mandate. Despite the workplace challenges through the quarter, the business continued to commercialize new innovative products, which will enable growth as the U.S. and European economies continue to recover. Coatings & Performance Monomers also saw a volume decline due to slower global construction activity as a result of the lockdown, which was partially offset by growth in architectural coatings in the United States and Canada as consumers spend more time on do-it-yourself projects at home. The decline in professional contractor demand due to the pandemic resulted in demand shifting into the do-it-yourself segment benefiting Dows coatings business. With that let me turn it over to Howard.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, Jim, and good morning everyone. Turning to Slide 6, I'd like to start by providing an update on Sadara. Since we last spoke, Sadara and the joint venture partners have continued to make good progress on project completion and debt reprofiling. As we mentioned on our first quarter earnings call, we announced the final logistics service agreement was signed. This was a final substantive step to achieve project completion. Sadara is now in a position to declare project completion, but is considering withholding the final administrative step as long as meaningful progress on the debt reprofiling is made. Negotiations with the lead agency creditors are underway with a firm target to complete the reprofiling no later than the end of 2020. Sadara is working in good faith with support from Dow and Saudi Aramco to advance a term sheet acceptable to all parties. We look forward to progressing the negotiations in a timely fashion as its in the group's collective interest to complete the reprofiling by the end of the year. Dow and Saudi Aramco remain aligned in the steps needed to facilitate Sadara, maintaining a position of cash flow self-sufficiency throughout the tenor of the reprofiling. Together Sadara, Dow and Saudi Aramco have also made good progress by executing a framework for longer term structural operating improvements, which are conditional on a successful profiling and include a 10-year supply agreement for additional ethane allocation and a five-year extension to the natural gasoline allocation, further enhancing the crackers feedstock flexibility. And as indicated previously, Dow continues to expect to contribute approximately $500 million to Sadara this year. Moving to Slide 7, as Jim mentioned earlier, the team remains focused on generating cash flow to continue to fortify our financial position and fund our priorities. Since the beginning of the year, we delivered a series of costs and a cash levers in response to the current environment, as well as several unique non-operational cash inflows that provide us with additional free cash flow optionality through 2021. These actions have further improved working capital and reduce the operational and capital expenses in light of the current macro environment. Year-to-date, we've already achieved $1.5 billion of the targeted $2.6 billion of in-flight actions, including $750 million of year-over-year saving related to separation from DowDuPont. Notably, we have now successfully completed all IT separation-related activities in the second quarter. And we've also made good progress on the expense reduction we announced last quarter, which will continue to be a tailwind moving forward. We also expect to benefit from several one-time cash contributions totaling up to $1.5 billion, which includes the contractual reservation payment of approximately $450 million we received from Olin during the second quarter. In addition, we announced earlier this month, a definitive agreement to divest our rail infrastructure assets and related equipment at six major North American sites to Watco Companies for over $310 million. This transaction continues our commitment to apply a best owner mindset and aligns with our strategy to grow our core business in a capital efficient manner. And consistent with that transaction going forward, we will continue to evaluate ownership of additional non-product producing assets across our global portfolio. And today we're sharing further proactive actions to ensure our cost structure remains competitive in a market recovery that may be gradual and uneven. This includes increasing our 2020 operating expense reduction targets from $350 million to $500 million. We are also initiating a restructuring program targeting more than $300 million in annualized EBITDA benefit by the end of 2021. Program includes a 6% reduction of Dows global workforce as well as actions to exit noncompetitive assets that are closely linked to markets impacted by the pandemic. Once finalized, the charge for the program will be taken in the third quarter and we expect full payback within approximately two years. These are very difficult decisions to take; however, they are necessary to ensure our financial strength continues through the cycle. Turning to our third quarter modeling guidance on Slide 8. We see third quarter sales in the range of $8.5 billion to $9 billion on our expectation of gradual demand recovery through the quarter. We have provided our best estimate of current sales and volume expectations by segment as well as provided corridors again this quarter for high and low ranges, reflecting the potential for an uneven recovery. And although forward visibility remains challenged, we did deliver sales and volumes in all segments and system with the guidance ranges provided last quarter. And we are now narrowing those ranges this quarter to try to provide even better transparency to our expectations. As usual, we are highlighting the key EBIT drivers in the quarter on a sequential basis. In the Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment, we expect continued robust consumer driven demand for our food packaging, health and hygiene applications, and the beginning of a recovery in our functional polymers business, which is highly aligned to durable end markets. This demand growth combined with industry planned and unplanned outages, as well as industry inventory level that are now hovering your five-year loans, we believe we'll continue to tighten up the market and support the $0.05 per pound polyethylene price increases expected for both July and August. In the Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure segment, we're seeing the beginning signs of consumer durable recovery in the automotive, construction and furniture and bedding markets. We're also seeing stable demand from the higher levels we saw in the second quarter for our solvent and surfactants that help make cleaning products even more effective. It's worth pointing out, however, that we remain at trough MDI spread. And finally in Performance Materials & Coatings, we expect continued DIY coating demand strength in the quarter, which benefits Dow as our portfolio is tilted toward retail DIY versus the professional contractor space, an area still challenged by the pandemic. And we expect to see gradual improvement in automotive, construction and electronic segment, as well as beginning signs of stabilization in the global personal care market where our silicone offerings provide notable performance benefits. We're also providing an updated full year tax rate at higher versus our previous guidance, as the pandemic has reduced our full year earnings expectations and altered the mix of both equity and core earnings resulting in upward pressure on the operational rate. I'd like to emphasize again that the near-term guidance you see here is based on our assumptions for how the COVID-19 recovery will progress as we move through the third quarter. Starting to reverse the declines of the first half, we are in the beginning phases of what is likely to be an uneven recovery, which the additional expense savings we announced today will help to mitigate. We remain focused on cash flow, protecting our enterprise priorities, and driving shareholder value creation. With that, I'll turn it back to Jim.
Jim Fitterling: Thank you, Howard. Please turn to Slide 9. I want to take a moment to highlight how our operational lever and our differentiated portfolio competitively position us today and for the long term. This quarter, we intentionally adjusted our operating rate lower to meet demand, reducing inventory and prioritizing cash. Operating rates across the integrated ethylene envelope remain strong at 82% down only 1% from the year ago period, reflecting resilient demand. However, in our polyurethanes business, we quickly brought operating rates down to the low 50% range as the extent of the durable end market shutdown became apparent. We will continue this dynamic management of our assets and in polyurethane, as end markets recover, we expect to quickly ramp back up above breakeven operating rate. Our operational excellence, combined with our purposeful focus on cash and liquidity, are critical differentiators at this point in the cycle. We saw the benefit of our disciplined approach as we released more than $500 million of cash from working capital during the quarter and we used that strength to pay down $600 million of debt. And as many of our chains have experienced compression over the last few quarters, we're starting to see rationalization take place in the industry with delayed and canceled ethylene, polyethylene and isocyanates projects. This will help Dow accelerate upward and capture growth opportunities as the recovery strengthen. As demand returns the fundamentals in the markets that we serve remain unchanged and will continue to grow well above GDP. Applications in our core market verticals of packaging, consumer, infrastructure and mobility represent a total of $650 billion in addressable market opportunity. In addition, as we discussed last quarter, our feedstock flexibility and product mix enable us to deliver lower cost and higher, more resilient margin than our peers through the cycle. The approach that we've taken to structurally improve our margin combined with our cash generation capability will allow us to capture further incremental uplift as the recovery takes hold. And as the global economy continues to recover, we will leverage our competitive advantages to drive growth above the market within these market verticals. Let me close by sharing our view on the outlook. The extended pandemic related lockdowns created a delay in the ramp up for consumer durable applications, but as economies continue to reopen and industry has got back to work, we saw continued demand improvement across all of our businesses through the end of May, all through June and continuing into July. Oil demand and pricing have increased as economies continue to reopen. This is providing support for the higher downstream derivatives pricing. The oil to gas spread has more than doubled from the lows in the second quarter with considerable ethane in rejection and available for current and future use. Recent economic indicators show U.S. industrial production up 5.4% in June and consumers are starting to spend more with June retail sales up 7.5%, plus U.S. housing starts up 17.3% for June all favorable trends for continued broad economic improvement. On the geographic front, economic recovery patterns have developed generally as expected, with China seeing rapid improvement, reporting last week that their economy has now returned to growth for the first time since the pandemic started with second quarter GDP up 3.2% year-over-year. This is evident in Dows 31% volume growth in China versus the prior quarter and 13% volume growth versus the year ago period, a positive indicator for the rest of the world although the pace of recovery may vary by region. European and North American economies have been slower to recover, but began improving in June. Latin America remains challenged, but we expect them to follow a similar recovery pattern in the second half of the year. We're seeing these patterns in our order books with monthly volumes, improving sequentially in key markets and geographies and shipments trending upward across all of our businesses, which we expect to support improved operating rates and margins moving forward. On Slide 10, as I mentioned earlier, our solutions play into a diverse set of end markets that grow well above GDP. And we also have advanced feedstock flexibility, multiple technologies and geographic reach that uniquely position us to outperform our competitors. This allows us to not only deliver superior operational performance at the trough, but also gives us the flexibility we need to take advantage of shifting dynamics across our portfolio, positioning Dow as a leader throughout the cycle and driving value for shareholders. Finally, with this disciplined operational and financial focus, we continue to reward owners with our industry leading dividend supported by our strong financial profile and cash flows. In summary, we will remain agile, taking swift and decisive action to enhance our competitiveness, advancing our digital capabilities to better serve customers, increasing our operational and financial flexibility and capturing greater value from the market recovery and growth opportunities ahead. With that, Ill turn it back to Colleen to open the Q&A.
Colleen Kay: Thank you, Jim. Now, let's move on to your question. I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instruction.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. Jim and Howard, on your modeling guidance for Packaging & Specialty Plastics, looking for volumes and sales, both to be flat to up 5%, I guess that implies pricing is flat, but you did get pricing up in polyethylene in June and likely in July, maybe even August. So how is pricing flat sequentially given that tailwind from polyethylene? Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, David. Thanks for the question. We do expect volumes to continue to improve like we saw in the second quarter. We are going to have a little bit of a tailwind from our headwind from some turnaround costs that are in the third quarter. Some turnaround activities have stretched through this year because of the COVID-related issues of workforce. But we do have pricing on the table for July and for August up five in July, up five in August. We were successful in getting price of $0.04 in the month of June. And so I think we're watching what's happening there also with input costs and feedstock costs to see what the net is on an integrated margin. So this outlook would have the whole integrated margin relatively flat and all the increase on volume.
Operator: We'll take our next question from John Roberts with UBS. 
John Roberts: Thank you. You highlighted MobilitySciences in both Slide 4 and Slide 9. You gave up most of Dow automotive in the DuPont separation. Do you still have a Dow automotive kind of integrated organization or is it just spread around all the businesses and how big is automotive today and what are your strategies there longer term?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, John. Thanks for the question. We do have a fair amount of business today into the automotive industry, the transportation industry. In the neighborhood of $2 billion to $2.5 billion of sales that goes in there, it's different than the mix of products that went with the transportation and high performance polymers to DuPont. What went to DuPont was glass bonding adhesives and crash durable adhesives. But remember we still have a very large platform of elastomers, silicones into a number of applications in the automotive construction, also polyurethanes and other materials that go into the interior of the cars, coatings for noise vibration and harshness. So what we did was we pulled together a mobility platform that we can put out to the industry to have that face to the industry. And then what we're doing is pulling the resources that know that industry together from the existing businesses, to be able to focus on them and to drive that growth, especially as we see them making changes as they come out of this pandemic to really lean in on next generation mobility platforms, vehicles, and some of the needs that they have there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonas Oxgaard with Bernstein.
Jonas Oxgaard: Morning, guys.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Jonas.
Jonas Oxgaard: I'm wondering about  good morning, I'm wondering about Sadara. I'm looking at your page 17 and debt is flat year-over-year. But according to the repayment schedule, you should have paid back around $250 million. So can you comment on why that debt isn't moving?
Jim Fitterling: Yes. I am going to ask Howard to take that, Jonas, because he and the treasury team have been doing the heavy lifting on Sadara.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, Jonas. Good morning. I mean, look, Sadara had a challenging second quarter, just like all of our chains because of really the COVID pandemic. So when you look at their equity earnings, to us, they were essentially flat versus prior quarter, but down versus same quarter a year ago. I think some of the comments that I made in the prepared comments, I mean, at the end of March, we did achieve that rail agreement. So that was the last substantive step to project completion. So now we are in a position  Sadara is in a position to declare PCD. We're withholding that at the moment as we are working to negotiate a term sheet that's acceptable to all sides. I would say the other thing that we did in the quarter is we essentially executed a framework for structural improvements. That includes a 10-year supply agreement for additional ethane and a five-year extension to the natural gas allocation that further enhances the crackers feedstock flexibility going forward. Those changes are conditional on a successful re-profiling. So we're working through that. We've engaged all the lenders in the negotiation. I would say it is on track, and it's in everybody's interest to get that done by the end of the year, and that's our target.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. 
Vincent Andrews: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. If I could just ask, in II&I and PM&C, if I look at your volume guidance, and maybe we can focus on the low end and the high end, how should we be thinking about the incremental margin sequentially as that volume comes back?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Vincent. Weve got volumes up 10% to 15% in II&I and 5% to 10% in Performance Materials & Coatings. I would think about it in this way. I think, it's more around operating rates and the ability to get those volumes moving and get up above breakeven operating rates in polyurethanes and also seeing some increase in the industrial activity. In II&I, a lot of solvent applications there go into industrial coatings, so they would go into things like the automotive industry, the aerospace industry, the oil and gas industry, also oil and gas production. So those have been relatively flat. So I think as those operating rates come up, we'll see an improvement there. Just to give you an example in Polyurethanes. In the second quarter, we saw automotive rates down 50% year-over-year. They're back in third quarter. They're going to be still below last year, but they'll be about 20% below last year. And some of the other sectors like consumer durables, where they were off 30% year-over-year in the second quarter. We expect them to come back to about 10% below year-over-year. So as that operating rate improves, you're going to see polyurethanes, our target is to be it breakeven operating rates or above in Q3. They'll be about  probably about 9% below last year in terms of volumes. I would say that will be the main thing. I don't expect they'll get a lot of benefit from pricing. They may get some benefit from raw material costs because we have seen ethane still stay relatively available. So the ability to have a good price on ethane as we go through the quarter looks stronger than it did in the middle of the second quarter.
Howard Ungerleider: Hey, Vincent. This is Howard. Good morning. Just to give you some numbers on decremental margins. I would say, industrial intermediates was low 40s versus same quarter a year ago and PM&C, which was a little bit better than that, was kind of high 30s. Industrial intermediates, as you would expect, has the more durable exposure. So that's why their number was a little bit worse.
Operator: Our next question comes from Hassan Ahmed with Alembic Global.
Hassan Ahmed: Good morning, Jim and Howard. Just wanted to revisit Sadara. If I heard you guys correctly, you said that you had sequentially flattish sort of earnings contribution over there. Just trying to get a sense, I mean, obviously, volume-wise, was a very strange quarter with the pandemic and the like. But in terms of margins, I'm just trying to suss out what happen in Sadara, particularly keeping in mind how some of the heavier feedstocks, how dramatically they sort of came down and kind of went up thereafter. Did you guys  did Sadara actually benefit from the steep sort of slightly heavier feeds, oil price declines and the like, margin-wise?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Hassan. Sadaras input costs are relatively fixed. And so  and a lot of the volume in Sadara is going into the Asian markets and the Middle Eastern markets. And so we did see a recovery in those markets in the second quarter. So I'd say the ability to move those was good. They were down some on operating rate because just the impact of the automotive and the construction sectors had on them. But as the oil price recovered through the quarter, that actually helps Sadara. That helped pricing in Asia, and that obviously helps our margin. They also had  have done well and continue to do well on plastics. So quite a big portion of their output is on the plastic side of the equation. Low-density has done pretty well. They have a nice low-density asset there. And packaging has continued to be strong throughout this pandemic. So I think that combination of things has helped them out. And they've been doing a lot, obviously, on their own to keep costs under control and minimize costs.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: Yes. Thanks very much. I also have a couple of questions on Sadara. So the EBIT at Sadara has been negative for a few quarters. So is the way that we should understand that, that losses in MDI are offsetting income contributions in polyethylene. Is that the main dynamic? Or are there other dynamics? And secondarily, in the changes in the supply agreements, does this mean that Sadara is being expanded? Or does it mean that it's staying the same, but the raw materials flowing in might be different? And then lastly, do you expect to still contribute money to Sadara in 2021 or 2022? Or you won't? Or you can't tell?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Jeff. Thanks for the question. Three questions in one. So I think thats
Howard Ungerleider: It's one question with three parts. I think
Jim Fitterling: I think, I can't comment on the EBIT of the different business units in Sadara. I don't have that in front of me. But I can tell you that plastics has performed better than isocyanates and polyurethanes, and that is improving. And so maybe, Howard, you could comment a little bit on the other two parts of Jeff's question on the feedstock agreement and the next steps?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. So the feedstock agreement, first, Jeff, I agree. We don't disclose that level of detail, but you're absolutely right. I mean, the polyolefin chain is definitely doing much better. On the  what was the second question?
Jim Fitterling: It was about the feedstock. Does that mean
Howard Ungerleider: We are not  no, that we are not expanding Sadara. The framework agreement is executing additional feedstock flexibility. So it's additional ethane allocation as well as extending the natural gas allocation for a number of years. So basically, that increases feedstock flex in the range of 30% to 40%, but it's not expanding it. And then your third question  or your third part of the first question, around 2021 and beyond. Look, we're going through the lender re-profiling today. We still expect $500 million in cash to go into Sadara this year, but our target remains that starting in 2021, Sadara will be cash flow self-sufficient. That is the target. And it obviously is contingent on the successful re-profiling of the debt.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Frank Mitsch with Fermium Research.
Frank Mitsch: Good morning, folks. A bit of a broader question. Obviously, there's been a lot of restructuring that's been going on with the combination and then the separation of DowDuPont, and then you announced this morning the 6% headcount reduction, which was a bit of a surprise, at least, to me. Over what time period do you plan on executing that? And I guess, this might be a little bit unfair. But I mean, should we be taking this as a sign that Dow is not seeing a return to pre-pandemic levels for several years? Or how should we think about it?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Frank. I think a couple of things to take into consideration as we look at it. Obviously, we're seeing volumes come back. We also need to see margin improvement to get back to pre-COVID levels. We have some industries that we serve that have been hit pretty hard. So automotive and construction have been hit pretty hard. We're seeing people go back to construction sites, but on existing projects, and we're watching closely to see how new construction projects get permitted. And a fair amount of product that we sell goes into products that help support the construction market. So we're watching that. On the consumer side, those demands and volumes look much better. And so we need to see ourselves get to a point where operating rates and margins improve before we get ahead of ourselves. We did finish in the second quarter, all the IT separation from DuPont. So that's good. We're going to swing IT activities over to digitalization to help better serve our customers. We've had good success there in silicones. We're making great progress there in coatings. We want to take the whole platform over to an e-commerce platform that can make it easier for customers to interact with us. We turned on a lot of capabilities for them in the second quarter. So what we're trying to do is look at how to be more efficient as we move forward and also look at our structure in terms of the fact that we  I don't expect us moving CapEx up until we get back to pre-COVID type volume levels and margin levels, and so that would mean probably a couple of years before you see us ramp back up into that kind of space.
Howard Ungerleider: Frank, this is Howard. To answer your question on run rates, our target is to be a 50% run rate on that restructuring program by the end of second quarter next year and 90% by the end of next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar: Yes, Hi, good morning.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Juvekar.
P.J. Juvekar: My question is related to your ethylene crackers, and how did U.S. ethylene cracker margins compared to your European assets, let's say, for the month of July because 2Q is kind of crazy with raw materials. So maybe you can talk about July? And Jim, you had talked about that the limit on feedstock flexibility was your ability to dispose of butadiene. So as the economies open up and butadiene demand improves with autos and all that, do you anticipate change in your feedstocks in U.S. or Europe as butadiene becomes more in demand?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, P.J. Ethylene margins came under some pressure in the U.S. at the beginning of the second quarter, obviously, because what had happened was U.S. and the Canadian economies were essentially shut down for the quarter. And it took a while for the export channel to open up for polyethylene and volumes to start moving back into Asia and other economies around the world. So very dynamic difference between the first six weeks of the quarter, first two months of the quarter, and the last month of the quarter where we saw volumes increasing almost everywhere. I'd say European ethylene margins improved because naphtha got as low as $150 in the first part of the quarter in April, but then it steadily ramped up as oil came back. So we got whipsaw a little bit the industry did by this massive drop in oil and then the recovery through the rest of the quarter. So it's improving now. I would say, we're starting to see some margins come back in ethylene. Ethylene has been tightening up. There's been some outages that have extended. There are some outages coming in Q3 that we expected were going to happen in Q2, but have been delayed for some reasons into Q3. And so, I think, we're going to see things and ethylene remain relatively tight. We are co-cracking more C4. So we have the ability with flexibility to co-crack C4. There's a little bit of a penalty for that. But the biggest problem on that, the cracking on the Gulf is just the byproducts. With refinery rates down, theyre back into the 70s now, but that's still relatively low with the gasoline pools and the other pools being low with rubber being down due to automotive demand and construction demand. What you see is that it's very heavily favoring ethane cracking and ethane and propane cracking because you create less byproducts. So I think we were able to navigate that relatively well because we were basically 80:20 ethane propane on the Gulf in the quarter. And we were able to co-crack the crude C4s. And so I think that gave us a little bit of an advantage and we didn't have to fire sale byproducts and we didn't have to cut rates just to manage those balances.
Operator: Our next question comes from John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets.
John McNulty: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. In the second quarter, you had a number of facilities that you temporarily shut down or idled and reduced the production levels. Is there a way to quantify what that negative impact or the cost was of doing that? And as we look to 3Q, should we be kind of reversing that? And then I guess an associated question would be as far as some of the fixed cost absorption issues, should we be thinking about any hitting in 3Q on maybe inventory working its way through the P&L that might be a little bit higher cost because of all those actions, how should we be thinking about all that?
Jim Fitterling: Yes, Howard, why don't you take a shot of that?
Howard Ungerleider: Hi, John. Yes, when you think about the assets that we idled because of the pandemic, I would say it's roughly about $140 million of lost EBITDA as a result of those idlings. Obviously, as we bring that back, you'll start to see the incremental margins come back. It really is operating rate related. And you look at the guidance that we gave for the third quarter; clearly, we're looking for, I would say, the biggest increase, but obviously off of a much lower base in Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure as a lot of those durable good manufacturers start  started back their production like the automotive folks. But you'll see improvements  you should see improvements in all three segments, Industrial Intermediates the most, P&SP the least just because it was the most resilient. I think we talked about in the prepared comments, but our polyethylene demand was up sequentially and up versus the same quarter last year, 6%, that went into packaging.
Jim Fitterling: And I'd say on your inventory question, John, our inventory units were down 10% year-over-year. And so as those units come back on, we'll be meeting that demand with improved operating rates. So, we're not planning on putting a lot of material into inventory. We're planning on maintaining tight working capital discipline as we talked about earlier in the year, all throughout the year, and then matching Dows operating rates to the demand that we see coming through.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Bob Koort: Thank you. Good morning. Jim, I'm curious how you see regional dynamics in the polyethylene world playing out. It seemed like at the height of the pandemic problems, the U.S. took capacity down, inventories got pretty lean and now you're getting some pricing power, but maybe the naphtha based crackers are starting to lose that ray of light they had is  is your expectation as we go through the second half and into 2021 that if global demand is  is a little less than supply, you'll start to see what we saw at the end of 2019, where maybe the Asian crackers or maybe the Europeans start to take some of that excess supply out and the U.S. industry starts to produce at rate again? Or do you think it's more measured globally where all regions are going to maybe keep rates in check in order to keep the supply demand balance?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Bob. Thanks for the question. With what we saw in China coming out of the third quarter and going into the fourth quarter and volumes plus the fact that naphtha had moved up to $350 a ton, so it's almost a $200 ton increase from the beginning of the quarter until the end of the quarter. That's also helped support pricing movement up in Asia. And I think the volume and the pricing movements are going to continue. Our outlook on oil obviously as this is going to continue in this range, maybe higher, could get as high as $48 by the end of the year, but somewhere in the range of where we are today in that kind of a ballpark. I would say as the demand comes back in automotive, especially in construction, and that complements the really positive demand that we've seen in consumer food packaging, especially packaging, health and hygiene markets. I think you're going to see rates tighten up. We are seeing right now in some of the naphtha crackers them at reduced rates, so maybe down 20% off of the rates that they were at the beginning of second quarter. We have some that are idled. MTO is essentially out of the money until oil gets back above something like $50 a barrel. So I think what you're going to see as the European crackers have improved, margins have improved. That was our results in the second quarter. I think IHS data would support that. And with the ethane advantage coming back and enough ethane and rejection in the U.S. Gulf Coast, that's going to help the U.S. position. And I think we're starting to see some polyethylene come on. So the ethylene side of the house is starting to tighten up a little bit.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Parkinson with Credit Suisse.
Chris Parkinson: Thank you. Just on the polyurethane side and construction and II&I, and just how do you see the demand spectrum, you hit on this a little bit, how do you see the demand spectrum evolving in 2021 versus 2019 level? So put simply if you were to index your outlook for the key end markets to 2019 versus where you see supply trends heading into 2021, just how would you assess supply demand dynamics as well as spreads? Just any additional color there. Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: Yes. So I think when you look at volumes in PU and you look at that segment, we talked about volumes being down 20% and prices being down on top of that. What we're starting to see is automotive production is coming back. Automotive is back at about 80%, maybe as much as 90% of where it was in Asia. It's not back to those levels yet in the U.S., but it's trending back in that direction. I think, it will take polyurethanes a little longer to come back than plastics for example because that demand is going into much more ratable consumer applications. So, our view would be, you'll probably see polyurethanes back above breakeven operating rates before the end of this year. And then next year, you'll start to see them building some positive trends and maybe pre-COVID levels may be out to the 2022 kind of timeframe.
Operator: Well take our next question from Steve Byrne with Bank of America.
Steve Byrne: Yes, thank you. Your monthly volume trend slides were helpful. Jim, you mentioned that you're seeing some cancellations in ethylene, polyethylene and isocyanate projects. Can you elaborate on that and perhaps frame it by just addressing what you see in terms of the global supply and demand outlook for those commodities over the next year?
Jim Fitterling: Yes. So operating rates obviously came down just mainly because the economies were shut down. If you go back to the beginning of the year, January, February, we were off to a rocking start at the beginning of the year. And then it was the economic shutdowns that really locked everything in during the months of March and April and May, April and May being the two worst. And so, I would say, operating rates for us on ethylene and polyethylene right now are pretty much like they were last year and the volumes are continuing to build. We're seeing some  obviously projects that we thought were going to be completed this year are still being under construction and haven't started up and they're moving out and we're also seeing investment decisions moving out and we're seeing projects, including ones that we had on the books moving out. And what I've said to the team here and to all of you is that we need to get ourselves back to pre-COVID type demand levels before we start talking about CapEx and growth beyond that. And we've got to get some better visibility. I like what I'm seeing in the month of June. I like what I'm seeing in July and the outlooks for August. But we got to get ourselves a longer term visibility here and some buildup in rates and some momentum going into this.
Operator: Well take our next question from Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes. Good morning. As part of your new $300 million restructuring plan, I think you mentioned you'll be exiting some uncompetitive assets in addition to the workforce reduction. So I wonder if you could comment on, on the nature of those assets, what the aggregate size of that bucket would be and what timing we should expect for those announcements?
Jim Fitterling: Yes. So let me just make a comment on the top. So we announced $300 million in workforce reduction, and that is just people related. The asset shutdowns and any charge we take for that would be over and above that number. We're working through all the details of that right now. The way we looked at that, Kevin, was we looked  we had done some work here to take a look at the footprint of the company and where we wanted to be in a decade. And with this pandemic, I think, it challenged us to take a look at which of these assets are struggling right now and may for the long-term struggle to be competitive in any scenario. And that's what we're focusing in on. So it isn't a wholesale business unit. It's one-off assets here and there that are at the long  the wrong end of the cost curve. And that's what we're focusing in on. And Howard, maybe you can help him a little bit with how to quantify that.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, I mean, Kevin, good morning. I would say, look, we're still working through the accounting, obviously in each one of the decisions, but if I would to ballpark it today, it'll be roughly a total charge of about $1 billion plus or minus $300 million is kind of the range that that we're in, Obviously, $300 million of it related to severance. And then the other two thirds then related to either asset  asset actions or contract termination fees that would have to be paid based on the assets. Almost no cash out this year. And the vast majority of the cash out in 2021 and 2022 and a little bit of a tail there at the end.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Blair with Tudor, Pickering and Holt.
Matthew Blair: Hi, thanks. So good morning, everyone. Just want to clarify on the $350 million OpEx expense savings. How much of that was realized in Q2? And do you have any targets for Q3? And then also, do you have a breakdown by segment? Thanks.
Jim Fitterling: Yes, I would say  yes, good morning. So, 20% of that $350 million was done in the second quarter. So you'll have 80% of that $350 million that will come through in Q3 and Q4. And then obviously this morning we upsized the $350 million to $500 million. So all of that upsized $150 million will come in the third and the fourth quarter as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Jim Fitterling: Laurence, good morning. You there?
Laurence Alexander: Good morning. Sorry about that. Can you just sort of flesh out a little bit your thoughts on permanent shutdowns versus new projects that are delayed. In your restructurings, how much capacity over the last  I say last year, and then what you have planned now? What's your kind of net volume reduction across the portfolio? And are you seeing sort of permanent  permanent asset closures of existing assets in the different chains that you operate in? Or is it just the new projects are being delayed?
Jim Fitterling: Laurence, good morning. I would say I'm seeing right now rate cuts in Asia on crackers, as I mentioned, as much as 20%. We've seen some new projects that are sitting idle such as the rapid project in Malaysia. We've seen some shutdown of older crackers, not much where newer crackers were built and have been started up, but we haven't seen much of that yet. And the margins that have been in have meant that there has been positive cash out of running the unit. So we haven't seen that kind of pressure on those margins. We're seeing a little bit of issues on that are going to positively impact operating rate due to operation of the asset. So it could be things like byproducts and the inability to move byproducts. It could be things like maintenance. These assets are designed and they run better when they run hard. So when you try to run them at reduced rates, sometimes things happen. And so, we've seen some of that. We've seen postponements of turnarounds. So maybe about 8% capacity losses in EMEA in July right now in spite of the fact that you had a couple of outages that were pushed out. So you're seeing the age of some of the fleet start to show up and  start to show up when you're trying to flex things and I think that's having an impact.
Howard Ungerleider: Laurence, I also think you got to look at the CTO MTO assets. There's about 6.5 million metric tons of CTO MTO, and those are hard pressed to generate positive cash flow if oil is below $50 a barrel. So those are also potentially in jeopardy as if oil stays in that range.
Jim Fitterling: Yes, our look right now is that if you just looked at the cost curve today, there's about 21 million metric tons, that's about 11% of ethylene capacity. That's at risk either due to age, scale, high conversion cost, the vast majority of that's in the Pacific and in Russia. So more than half of that is in Pacific and in Russia. 3 million to 4 million tons in the U.S. and in North America. So those are the ones that we're keeping an eye on. And we can talk to you offline about it as well if you want to talk about individual projects.
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I will turn the conference back to Colleen Kay for any additional or closing remarks.
Colleen Kay: Thank you everyone for joining our call today. We appreciate your interest in Dow. For a reference, a copy of our transcript will be posted on Dows website within 24 hours. This concludes our call. Thank you, and have a great day.
Operator: Once again that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-30 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Dow First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Also, todays call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Colleen Kay. Please go ahead, maam.
Colleen Kay: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us to discuss the first quarter financial results for Dow. Were making this call available via webcast, and we have prepared slides to supplement our comments during this conference call. They are posted on the Investor Relations section of Dows website and through the link to our webcast. I am Colleen Kay, Investor Relations Vice President for Dow and joining me on the call today are Jim Fitterling, Dows Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Howard Ungerleider, President and Chief Financial Officer. Please read the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the earnings news release and slides. During our call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations or predictions about the future. Because these statements are based on current assumptions and factors that involve risks and uncertainties, our actual performance and results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Dows Forms 10-Q and 10-K include detailed discussions of principal risks and uncertainties which may cause such differences. Unless otherwise specified, first quarter 2019 historical financial measures presented today are on a pro forma basis, and all financials where applicable exclude significant items. Well also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures is contained in the Dow earnings release, in the slides that supplement our comments today, and on the Dow website. On Slide 2, youll see our agenda for the call. Jim will begin with the first quarter highlights, share details on Dows response to Covid-19 and discuss the operating performance of the segments. Howard will provide an update on Sadara, then move into a financial overview of the quarter, and provide our modeling guidance. And finally, Jim will close with some remarks on key factors that differentiate thereof. Following that, we will take your questions.  With that, Ill turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Fitterling: Thank you, Colleen, and thanks, everyone for joining us this morning. Before we begin, Id like to first recognize Neal Sheorey for the tremendous role he has played in our Investor Relations team over the past four years. We are glad to have him leading our Coatings & Performance Monomers business.  And also a very warm welcome to Colleen Kay, who succeeded Neal as our new Investor Relations Vice President this quarter.   Starting on Slide 3, Ill begin with some notable highlights from the first quarter. We delivered net sales in line with our adjusted guidance. As we met strong demand in our consumer staple non-durable application, such as food, health and hygiene, packaging and surfactants and solvents for cleaning products.  Our volume excluding Hydrocarbons & Energy declined 1% reflecting the impact of reduced economic activity in China with the onset of the Covid-19 pandemic and containment interventions. Our volume in China was down 25% sequentially as seasonal decline due to the Chinese New Year was intensified by the sudden demand reduction due to the virus.  Cash flow was again a noteworthy headline. We generated a solid $1.2 billion in cash from continuing operations, a 79% conversion of operating EBITDA to cash from operation and our free cash flow increased by $240 million year-over-year. This was underpinned by three actions. One, our quick response to shifting trends in global energy prices and regional demand, which enabled us to liberate cash from working capital.  Two, tight capital and expense controls including more than $30 million in stranded cost savings. And three, a non-operational cash inflow as we recovered a $259 million tax withholding from the Canadian Tax Authorities related to the 2019 judgment against Nova.  We ended the quarter with approximately $12 billion of cash and available liquidity and we took further actions to reinforce our financial strength and flexibility. Early in the quarter, we opportunistically executed a 2.25 billion euro-denominated debt issuance, achieving a weighted average coupon of about 1%.  We immediately used the proceeds to repay debt, extend our debt maturity profile and reduce our financing costs. As a result today, we have no major long-term debt due until the second half of 2023. And finally, we did all of this to also prioritizing returns to our shareholders. We returned nearly $650 million to owners through our industry-leading dividends, as well as opportunistic share repurchases.  The quarter presented us with unprecedented headwinds and we responded by flexing our operational and financial capabilities to protect our employees and facilities, meet customer demands and fortify our financial position.  This brings me to our Covid-19 pandemic response on Slide 4. I am incredibly proud of the determination and resilience shown by the Dow team. For the many heroes on the phone lines helping to ensure the health and well-being of our communities around the world, thank you.  These are unique and trying times for every one of us and it has been inspiring to see the global community rally together to help solve this challenge.  The Dow team has our share of heroes as well, particularly those employees on the front-line who have kept our operations running, staying close to our customers, and adapting with their needs and making sure that our essential products needed around the world are still flowing from Dow plants to our customers gates. In these challenging times, Dow people are at their very best and most resourceful.  Turning to Slide 5, safety is always our first priority at Dow and protecting the health and safety of our employees and communities is the first thing we did. We rapidly deployed our crisis management framework and activated site-by-site plans to maintain business continuity and secure, safe, reliable operations.  Today, two-thirds of our workforce is working from home and Dow sites continue to operate with reinforced health, safety and security protocols, in fact, close to 100% of our sites are operational. In addition, our business and government affairs teams are working with Federal, State and local officials and agencies to share best practices and help unlock solutions to enable the continued flow of critical goods and products, as well as recommendations for how to get the economy reopen safely.  Moving to Slide 6, as an industry considered essential to global infrastructure, the chemical industry and Dow have a critical role to play. Weve remained agile by modifying our manufacturing processes and product wheels to meet increased demand for all materials used to produce disinfectants, PPEs, food ingredients, and packaging.  Weve adapted five Dow sites around the world to produce hand sanitizers for donation to local hospitals and other healthcare organizations. And just recently, weve developed a simplified face shield design, to help protect healthcare professionals on the frontline.  We collaborated internally to produce and donate 100,000 face shields to Michigan hospitals and we also made the innovative design openly available to fabricators around the world in order to help accelerate production rates of critically needed PPE globally.  These are just a few examples of how Dow is utilizing our material science expertise to combat Covid-19, which is spurring new innovation ideas for the future.  Moving to Slide 7, we understand the extreme stress with these unprecedented times plays on our communities and people. So weve committed $3 million to Covid-19 relief efforts for immediate support and to build community resilience in the recovery phase.  The outpoint of support from our workforce has been inspiring and weve given them creative ways to provide their time and expertise above and beyond the things that they are already doing to help Dow and our customers.  Ill close my comments on the first quarter with a quick review of our segment results on Slide 8. Packaging and Specialty Plastics operating EBIT was $580 million, down from the year ago period. The benefits of consumer-led packaging demand growth and additional stranded cost savings were more than offset by lower polyethylene and global energy prices, as well as reduced equity earnings.  The Packaging and Specialty Plastics business delivered a 1% volume growth supported by strong end-market demand, particularly in health and hygiene, rigid packaging and flexible food and specialty packaging applications. The business delivered volume gains in Asia Pacific versus the year ago period despite the demand reduction in China from the onset of the Covid-19 pandemic.  Hydrocarbons & Energy reported both lower volume and price. Volume declines were primarily due to reduced ethylene sales from increased internal derivative consumption.  Industrial Intermediates and Infrastructure operating EBIT was $175 million, down from the year ago period, as demand growth in the Industrial Solutions business was more than offset by market compression in polyurethane application, as well as equity losses.  The segment also benefited from lower year-over-year planned maintenance turnaround costs. The Polyurethane and Construction Chemicals business reported lower net sales, primarily driven by a lower global energy prices and decreased demand, particularly in furniture and bedding, automotive, appliance and aircraft deicing applications. Industrial Solutions reported volume growth supported by strong demand in surfactants and solvents using cleaning applications, volume grew at all geographic regions, except EMEA, which reported a modest decline.  And finally, Performance Materials & Coatings operating EBIT was a $162 million, as volume growth in Coatings end-markets was offset by a decline in silicones applications and local price decreases. Consumer Solutions reported demand growth in upstream siloxanes and home and personal care end-markets in the U.S. and Canada.  However, these were more than offset by volume declines in other regions, which included the impact of Covid-19 in Asia-Pacific.  Coatings & Performance Monomers reported volume growth primarily driven by increased demand in Performance Monomers. Coatings volume grew in the U.S. and Canada, led by road markings and wood coatings, but was more than offset by reduced architectural coatings demand in Asia-Pacific and EMEA driven by impacts from Covid-19.  Finally, I want to showcase the swift and early actions the Dow management team continues to take as these unprecedented events play out. We are actively working to preserve our financial strengths and flexibility, while also maintaining business continuity and still to-date, we are announcing another set of proactive measures, which are summarized on Slide 9.  Let me be clear, Dows operational and financial playbook have put us in a very good position. The actions we are announcing today build upon our focus to provide additional agility, drive cash generation and adjust our spending to current reality. To that end, the following near-term interventions are already underway and we will gain momentum as we move through the remainder of the year.  We have targeted a further $500 million release of cash from working capital. We are reducing expenses by $350 million and we are decreasing our capital expenditures target to $1.25 billion, a reduction of $750 million versus last year. We are achieving this further reduction in a way that well maintain our long-term competitiveness and our most attractive growth projects.  Also, we are taking actions to idle facilities or reduce operating rates in line with demand trends in the U.S., Europe and Latin America. We are working with our customers to get orders placed with enough lead times, so that we can make the best asset decisions across our network and manage bottlenecks in the supply chain to deliver products where its needed.  In Plastics, to balance production to current demand, we are temporarily idling three polyethylene and two elastomers production units for at least 30 days. The plants have an aggregate annualized capacity of approximately 2 billion pounds and are located on the U.S. Gulf Coast and in Argentina. This equates to approximately 10% of the business global annual capacity.  Our polyurethanes business has strong participation in Durable Goods segments, such as automotives, furniture and bedding, appliances and construction. These segments are being heavily impacted by government mandated shutdowns around the world, as a result, we are running our polyurethanes assets including propylene oxide and MDI at reduced operating rates.  And in silicones, we are running reduced rates across our global grid of siloxane trains and our Zhangjiagang production facility in China will remain down on an extended plant turnaround into May. We also benefit from full flexibility at our silicones finishing asset allowing us to quickly respond to demand in all formulated silicones applications around the world.  We are taking these actions with a thoughtful approach that will allow us to quickly respond as demand improves when economies around the world reopen, and while the timing and shape of a recovery remain uncertain these actions position Dow to emerge even stronger when the global economy rebound.  With that, let me hand it over to Howard. 
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Turning to Slide 10, Ill start with an update on the key milestones reached at Sadara. On our last earnings call, we shared that Sadara was very close to signing its final logistics service agreement. I am pleased to report the JV has now achieved that milestone.  This agreement was important as it was the final substantive step to project completion. As a result, Sadara and the JV partners have now begun the debt reprofiling process and are in parallel currently engaged in discussions with its lenders, we expect this dialogue to advance over the course of this year and well provide further updates as that unfolds.  While that financing discussion is progressing, Sadara is making good progress on executing its longer term operating structure improvements and from issue Dow remains on track with its planned loans to Sadara which remains in the range of $500 million.  Moving to Slide 11, net sales were $9.8 billion, at the company level local price declined 8% year-over-year driven primarily by lower global energy prices, currency decreased sales by 1%, volume declined 2% year-over-year or 1% excluding the Hydrocarbons & Energy business. Equity losses were $89 million, primarily driven by lower results at the Kuwait and Thai joint ventures.  Operating EBIT was $843 million and operating EPS was $0.59. Positive drivers during the quarter included demand growth in food packaging, health and hygiene and cleaning applications on resilient consumer purchasing trends in response to COVID-19, as well as continued stranded cost removal.  These gains were more than offset by year-over-year margin compression, notably in the polyurethane and silicones chains, as well as lower equity earnings. Overall, the financial impact of COVID-19 and the substantial decline in crude oil prices was in line with our expectation of an approximately $200 million headwind in the quarter.  Moving to cash flows, we generated $1.2 billion of cash from continuing operations, and increased our free cash flow by $240 million versus the year ago period. Our earnings to cash conversion of 79% represent the significant improvement year-over-year.  All of these metrics were helped by a solid release of cash from working capital, lower transaction costs, as well as a cash inflow from recovery of $259 million from Canadian Tax Authority related to the 2019 judgment against Nova.  Finally, we allocated our free cash flow in a balanced way, in line with our capital allocation priorities. In addition to the dividend, we repurchased $125 million of our own shares, going forward as a prudent measure given the economic uncertainty, we are temporarily suspending our share repurchases for the balance of the year.  We will however continue to reevaluate this lever, in light of macro trends and our free cash flow generation.  Moving to Slide 12, Dow remains well equipped to navigate the current environment and ensure our financial flexibility through the cycle. We ended the first quarter with nearly $12 billion in total liquidity including $3.6 million in cash and equivalents. In the first quarter, we prudently drew down $800 million on our uncommitted lines to further bolster our cash position.  Recall that last year, we extended our $5 billion revolver out to 2024 and importantly, all of our more than $8 billion of committed facilities remain untapped. With our solid liquidity position, we have clear capital allocation priorities to maximize value, ensuring safe and reliable operations continues to be our number one priority and financially, the dividend is our top priority followed by additional debt pay downs.  In fact, over the past year, you see us take proactive liability management actions including over $3 billion of gross debt reduction in 2019 and extensions to our maturity profile and we continued this practice this past quarter.  We opportunistically tap the Eurobond market issuing 2.35 billion euro of debt at an all-in rate of approximately 1%. We used the proceeds to repay debt and further extend our maturity profile. As a result, today, we have no substantive long-term debt maturities due over the next three years. These actions have also benefited earnings as our net interest expense runrate is now more than a $100 million lower in 2019 and $200 million lower than 2018.  As you can see, our financial strength and flexibility provides us solid foundation to navigate the current environment and you should expect us to continue being active and opportunistic in further fortifying our financial position.  Before I move into modeling guidance, I want to take a minute to discuss how we view the quarter ahead and the range of potential scenarios we are planning for. These are clearly uncertain and unprecedented times and due to the limited board visibility, we felt its more critical that we provide an assessment using the best information available to us year-to-date how the second quarter and the rest of the year could unfold and the assumptions behind our range of potential outcomes.  Our forward guidance is based on a expectation that virus containment will continue in the coming weeks and the global economy will gradually and sustainably resume as the industries and businesses return to work and global governments take hold.  The progression of containment and recovery that we saw in China is now playing out in Europe and we expect similar patterns to evolve in the U.S. and other countries. For our quarter, our potential outcomes assumes that the second quarter will show the largest global economic and chemical industry impacts from COVID-19 and the collapse in energy prices.  Using China as a reference, our modeling guidance assumes recovery for Dow begins as economies reopen. Reports suggest that overall activity in China did improved quickly year-over-year in February to March, but improvements have been uneven across the industries.  Should the restart of the global economies be materially different than our assumptions, we intend to provide you with updates as the quarter progresses.  With that being said, lets move to Slide 13, where we highlight adjustments for the full year items that we shared in January based on current realities. As Jim mentioned in his comments, our 2020 earnings should benefit from tailwinds of $350 million of expense reductions. We expect higher equity losses as our JVs also face similar trends as our core business.  And we now expect a higher tax rate to the shifts in the geographic mix of earnings in our core business, as well as lower equity earnings. To preserve flexibility in a slower macro environment, we have reduced our CapEx spending target by $750 million versus 2019. We will have a cash tailwind of more than $400 million related to lower integration and separation cost for the balance of the year.  And as I mentioned before, we have put further share repurchases temporarily on hold at least we until we get better visibility on cash flow.  Getting into the details of the quarter ahead, lets please turn to Slide 14. We see second quarter sales in the range of $7.5 billion to $8.5 billion on our assumption of demand reduction peaking the second quarter with the spread of COVID-19 and slowing the economic activity globally. We have outlined on the slide our current sales expectation by segment and on normal fashion.  We are also providing quarterly this quarter along with high and low volume estimates. So you understand the range of scenarios we see as possible for each segment. This is an attempt to give you a level of forward visibility in a very difficult period to forecast. Let me please reemphasize though, these are estimates only.  As usual we were highlighting the key EBIT drivers in the quarter on a sequential basis. In the Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment, while we expect continued robust consumer-driven demand for our food, health and hygiene and packaging applications, we see this being more than offset by demand softness in automotive, and infrastructure applications, as well as lower average energy prices.  With the dramatic shift in oil dynamics, we expect naphtha cracking could continue its advantage which should support our European cracker margins, as well as keep demand relatively resilient there. And our actions in the Americas to idle capacity should help balance supply and demand until the economies around the world reopen.  In the Industrial Intermediates and Infrastructure segment, we are seeing high demand in the Industrial Solutions for our solvents and surfactants that make clean product effective to combat COVID-19. However, we expect thats only partly offset trough and DI spreads and weakness in end-market demand for our polyurethane products particularly in consumer durable, construction and automotive applications.  And finally, Performance Materials & Coatings, we expect demand softness for industrial application in Coatings as well, as weakened fundamentals at our upstream siloxane and acrylics building blocks, which are experiencing the challenging pricing environment on new supply and demand fundamentals.  During the second quarter, we also anticipate that we will begin to see the positive effects of China continue this slowing reversal declines of the first quarter and as the global economy continues to come back online beyond the second quarter, we also expect to see these discrete impacts related to the virus begin to reverse globally.  I would like to just stress again that the near-term guidance since the year is based on our assumptions for how the COVID-19 containment and recovery could play out as we move through the second quarter and are based on the outlined assumption. Given the limited visibility, we will remain strongly focused on cash flow and protecting our enterprise priorities.  With that, Ill turn it back to Jim.
Jim Fitterling: Thank you, Howard. Turning to Slide 15, I want to emphasize several factors that we believe set Dow apart and support our competitive position. Given our more than a 120 year history, Dow has a strong track record of successfully navigating periods of uncertainty. And as a result, we have built competitive positions and asset flexibility to be prepared through situations like those that we are experiencing today.  We call these are points of distinction and today, I will highlight a few points that set Dow apart. On Slide 16, Dows unmatched feedstock flexibility and superior product mix are key factors that underpin the higher and more resilient margins that we deliver across the cycle. We also have a geographic mix of assets to provide a structural hedge to feedstock dynamics.  For example, in todays environment, we are able to capture improved cracking margins in Europe and Southeast Asia, which offset some of the margin compression we see in other regions. We have a leading Packaging & Specialty Plastics portfolio with assets designed to be flexible, and adapt to feedstock volatility.  Our feedstock flexibility enables us to crack a wider mix of feedstock. For example, we have two to three times more propane capability than our peers. We can implement this at a furnace-by-furnace level in our crackers as heavier feedstock by naphtha become advantaged, another limitation could be co-products.  If not managed adequately, ethylene units may be forced to cut rates or switch feedstocks and weve seen some signs of these strains in the industry as demand for co-products are tied to automotive and fuel end-markets which are currently experiencing weak demand. But here too Dow has advantages. We have aromatic processing units in Europe and on the U.S. Gulf Coast, which give us flexibility to consume and process pygas from the crackers.  We have capabilities of handling increased seaport strains from the cracker, which includes co-cracking to reprocess the seaport in our furnaces. In short, our feedstock flexibility and co-product management capabilities prove they work over the cycle time and time again and this period is no different. These capabilities preserve our low-cost to serve position regardless with which feedstock scenario is advantaged.  For the downstream, our product mix is another differentiating factor. Our mix of polyethylene and functional polymers products delivers a more resilient and higher margin profile, which begins to stand out in softer periods like we started to see in 2019 and we are seeing today. The benchmarking we delivered over the past two years has highlighted this performance as well. You can find our 2019 benchmarking data in the appendix of this earnings slide presentation and on Dows investor website.  Another point of distinction comes from the market segments that weve been targeting and the consumer orientation that we have in our products and solutions which Ill cover on Slide 17.  With our primary market verticals of Packaging, Infrastructure and Consumer Care, our business portfolio is tilted toward the consumer and in todays situation, we find that a substantial part of our business is essential to some of the most critical end-markets that consumers value.  Related to the pandemic, Dow has a breadth of solutions that are in high demand. We see a strong poll in applications such as intermediates for clean products, pharmaceutical ingredients, packaging and non-wovens for gowns, wipes and masks and food packaging to secure the freshness and safety of our food supply.  These are moments when our material science expertise and technologies proved their work and play a significant role. For example, in the Pharmaceutical and Health & Hygiene markets alone, the following are examples of just some of the products enabled by material science innovation and our diverse set of chemistries.  Silicone technology that enable disposable gloves and tissues, detergents and hard surface cleaners, soaps and shampoos. Plastics that are vital for syringes, medical tubes, bio hoses, valves, device in pharma packaging, stripes, gloves and gowns. Polyurethane Solutions used for hospital beddings, rigid installation for medicine refrigeration and transport, and safety shoes.  Coatings applications for medical devices and tapes, portable water pipes, paper food packaging, and paper cuts. And our Industrial Solutions team recently found an innovative way to reconfigure existing underutilized assets to increase our volume of isopropyl alcohol by up to 50%. This is a critical raw material for hand sanitizers.  Out of periods of change, new ways of living, working and staying healthy are developing across the diverse markets that we serve such as improving the performance, comfort and convenience of PPE, smart building and infrastructure solutions for multi-purpose status, restaurant takeout food packaging, all-in surface care solutions, and anti-microbials.  Dows material science knowhow and strong design collaborations with customers can help enable new solutions to these developing market needs.  On Slide 18, the last point of distinction I want to highlight is the global scale of our operations. This is something we often take for granted, but the years far has emphasized just how much of an advantage it provides to our ability to meet customer demand, rapidly adjust and innovate, and take advantage of shifting downstream and upstream dynamics.  We have world-class manufacturing sites in every geography with well-developed agile, regional supply chain and a deep understanding of the needs of our customers in all of our markets. Our geographic diversity serves as a national hedge for our business operations and uniquely positions us to shine in times of crisis and uncertainty.  In fact, all of these strengths were on display in the first quarter as our teams rapidly worked through regional and global supply chain complexities, manufacturing limitations and shifting consumer trends. And as we move through the rest of the year, I see these strengths continuing to provide Dow with unique advantages.  Altogether, Dows point of distinction, unmatched feedstock flexibility, a superior product mix, participation in critical end-markets and geographic diversity set us apart and give us a competitive edge today and throughout the cycle.  In summary, Dow is prepared for whats ahead. Our balance sheet is strong and we have plenty of liquidity to meet our obligations with no significant long-term debt due over the next few years. We continue to take proactive and thoughtful actions both operationally and financially with a focus on safety and cash flow, which we firmly believe will serve us well through this period.  We have unique points of distinction that differentiate Dow and position us for upside when the genomic recovery began. We have a remarkable team who continues to inspire and deliver every day and we are focused on navigating through this challenging time, emerging even stronger and continuing to execute our growth playbook.  With that, Ill turn it back to Colleen to open the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And well take our first question from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Go ahead sir. 
Vincent Andrews: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. It sounds like everyone is doing well which is great. Maybe, I could just ask about how you are thinking about in Packaging especially Plastics, if you look at the price decline that you guided to for 2Q, could you just talk about how much of thats coming out of  do you think its going to coming out of the U.S. market versus just the weak export market or the EU?  And how are you thinking about ethane and propane through the quarter? There has been some volatility in ethane over the last month and propane seems to be pretty stuck  being pretty stubborn relative to move in crude, so far. Thanks. 
Jim Fitterling: Yes, good morning, Vince. Everybody is doing great here. And thanks for asking. We hope you are too. Most of the pricing  and I think what you are seeing on pricing is that, you are seeing things kind of come to a global kind of a price right now and that you would expect that with whats happened. I think you are going to see a little bit more come out in Europe than in North America, little bit less in Latin America, and little bit less in the Pacific.  Actually, we started to see exports to China stepping up pretty dramatically. China has reduced the tariffs coming in and the Chinese economy is turning to rebound versus March. I would say, we start to see activity there in late March and through the month of April. So the industrial part of the economy is trying to get rolling again.  Consumer part still a little bit uneven. And then, obviously, we did what we did on supply, just to balance off demand. So, we had a good strong first quarter. Volumes were flat, slightly up in Packaging and Specialty Plastics. But we are going to see some impacts on volumes in the industrial part of the sector in the second quarter, which is why we tightened up some of the supply.  And that was primarily due to industrial shipping, industrial applications, automotive applications. We are starting to see the automotive industry talk about coming back here in the month of May and also in the month of May in Europe. So, hopefully, we will see them May, June turn in the economy on the industrial side here in North America, Latin America. 
Operator: And next well move to John Roberts with UBS. 
John Roberts : Thank you. And you all sound pretty well here, as well. So I am glad to hear that. Can you comment on other industry closures you might be seeing? We dont usually think of Dows high cost although ethane is kind of flipped here currently, but, are we seeing other closures we havent heard about yet from competitors in the marketplace? 
Jim Fitterling: Yes, John. Thanks for the question. We are not closing the high cost assets. We are closing the balance demand. So, look, all of these are reasonable cost assets, but the reality is, there has been a pretty significant amount of industrial capacity shutdown on the downstream. And so, we dont feel like in this environment, really ploughing a lot of material into inventory is the right thing to do.  So, thats why we are dialing back the capacity. I have seen some delays and indefinite suspensions of projects, there was one this week in Ohio, the Thai project that was going to go ahead. So, we are starting to see some of those kinds of announcements. We are seeing reduced rates across polyurethanes, across the globe basically and weve got polyurethanes MDI capacity down in China right now, not us, but competitors do.  Really to balance out the fact that downstream automotive and appliances and construction for insulation materials has been slow. So I think thats what you are seeing. I think it has less to do with the cost position and more to do with the supply demand. 
Operator: And David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank will have our next question. Please go ahead. 
David Begleiter : Thank you, Jim. On the same point, the idling of the Americas ethylene polyethylene plants, is you are efficiently influenced at all by the cost competitiveness of these plants given the recent drop in oil prices have not, are you concerned about losing any share to competitors who are not being as disciplined as you are? Thank you. 
Jim Fitterling: No, I dont think well lose share, David. Actually, we were glad to say we were in share in the first quarter across our plastics business and ethylene costs are still very low in the U.S. Gulf Coast. So we havent idled anything on the ethylene side. In fact, right now, probably 9% to 10% of ethylene production capacity is out on the U.S. Gulf Coast.  So we will balance that out. Weve been operating very well from a working capital standpoint and I think what we are trying to do here is, just make sure that we dont plough a lot of material into inventory until we see a good demand signal coming on the back-end. We are starting to get good signs.  We are starting to get positive signs out of many states in the United States for a May opening. And some parts of Europe like Germany, Austria, Switzerland. And then, I think as confidence builds, testing comes along, people are going to be more certain about going back into manufacturing and consumers will be back in the market.  And at that point, its easy to fire these polyethylene units back up and meet that demand. 
Operator: And next well move to Jonas Oxgaard with Bernstein
Jonas Oxgaard : Hi. Good morning, guys. I have a follow-up on the previous question there. The 5% to 10% no ethylene that seems to be higher than the industry at average. How much of that is reselling your own inventory from TX-9? And maybe a sort of a hypothetical if TX-9 have not been down, do you think you would be forced to reduce rates more in line with industry average? 
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Thanks, Jonas for the question. Texas 9 is back up. So its at the $2 million runrate right now. Most of that expansion on Texas 9 was for MEGlobal for their consumption for MEG, and so theyve been buying ethylene in the markets to really get themselves started and up and running. So this supply has been in the marketplace. And I havent seen any reduction in volumes there.  I think the other thing thats happening is, as you see in the automotive industry, go down, people that are cracking naphtha or cracking heavier dont have much place for some of the aromatics and some of the off grades to go. And so, the rubber industry has been slow. Automotive industry has been slow.  So that has brought rates down in some other crackers and then youve had some more turnaround and outage in other crackers. So as we go into the quarter, we feel like the toughest quarter here is going to be Q2 and so, we want to make sure that we balance supply and demand through Q2 and position ourselves to be able to turn things back on and come up as the industry starts to come back.
Operator: And well move on to Jeff Zekauskas with J.P. Morgan. 
Jeff Zekauskas : Thanks very much. Whats your cash tax rate? Is it between 30% and 35% or is it lower or higher? And in the United States, how will your feedstock slate in producing ethylene change versus 2019? In 2019, what were your rough percentages of ethane, propane and naphtha? And what do you think thatll be this year?
Jim Fitterling: Let me get to Howard to cover the tax rate, while I have to do some CEO math on your cracking question. 
Howard Ungerleider: Ill wait for you - the CEO math. Hey, Jeff. Good morning. So, look, the P&L tax rate that we published this morning for Q2 and for the full year is between 30% and 35%, slightly higher than what we had guided to earlier and really three issues, lower equity earnings, different geo mix of earnings and then some discrete items.  But I would say, on your question on tax. Tax is lower than that range. I would guide you to something in the mid-20s. 
Jim Fitterling: And to your question on cracking, Jeff, and Ill just focus on U.S. Gulf Coast here, because as for the bulk of a flexibility is, I would say, we were in the 75%, 80% ethane cracking through the year. The balance of the propane and butane and very little talk for the back half of the year is zero in naphtha. Naphtha has come down, but honestly, ethane is still the best crack.  And so, if ethane gets tight and we start to see prices rise and propane comes into the slate, we will swing over to our propane flex. And its you know, we can swing 70% of the capacity over to propane. So, we got that flexibility built in to what we are modeling and I am optimistic that this is a more resilient gas market than people are estimating. 
Operator: And well move on to Hassan Ahmed with Alembic Global. 
Hassan Ahmed : Morning, Jim and Howard. I just wanted to sort of continue with this team of the feedstock side of things. Lets just assume for a second that the feedstock environment that we are in right now is the new normal in terms of roughly where crude oil pricing is.  This assertion that in this lower crude oil pricing environment, obviously, you will see curtailments and cuts on the shale side of things, maybe ethane is advantaged as it used to be. So now, sort of beyond the extreme near-term, if that is the feedstock cost environment, how do you see the second wave of cracker in derivatives sort of units play out?  I mean, in theory, the CTO, MTO side will not look that competitive and maybe naphtha looks a bit more competitive. Certainly, whoever has flexibility will be better off than those that dont. And then, you have this whole sort of notion of a lot of capacity in theory coming online eventually in China.  A lot of the facilities here in the U.S. just being pure ethane-based facilities. I mean, how do you see those  all of those sort of different factors playing out if feedstocks continue to act the way they have over the last couple of months? 
Jim Fitterling: Thanks, Hassan. Thats a lot in that question. But I would say, right now, if things continued where they are today, wed say there is about 21 million metric tons, about 11% of C2 capacity is at risk. Thats either due to age or the scale or the high conversion cost or their feedstock, cracking capability. I think one of the assumptions that everybody made was, naphtha coming down was that the whole world was going to switch to naphtha cracking.  But what people forget is that, you make so many byproducts on naphtha and there is no home for those byproducts. So those byproduct credits go away. At the end of the day, ethane and propane still remain the most competitive crack and we think thats going to continue.  The other assumption that goes into this then, is what happens to oil price and oil has responded to just an unbelievable slowdown in demand, which is primarily because we told everybody to stay at home and nobody is traveling. But what we are seeing in China is, people are going back, traffic rates in China, for car traffic and truck traffic are back up to 80% of what they were pre-COVID.  And I think when people come back here, they are going to come back into their cars. Thats going to tighten up the demand side or the demand side on oil, at the same time some of these supply adjustments are going to come back in. So I am not predicting that we are going to go to this is the oil demand for the rest of the future.  I think if you look over a long, long time, that oil demand grows tracks population and whats going on around the world with the development of the economy. Well get back to that. The question for everybody is just whats the timeframe?  Are people going to  if we get a test and we get a treatment, our people going to get optimistic and go back faster or is this going to take longer than people think. 
Howard Ungerleider: And Hassan, on your CTO, MTO question, I would say about $6.5 million of that $21 million is CTO, MTO, which with oil below 50 bucks thats  those are really stressed assets. 
Operator: And well move on to P.J. Juvekar with Citi. 
P.J. Juvekar : Yes, Jim and Howard. Good morning. 
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, P.J. 
P.J. Juvekar : Just a quick question again on this co-product. You mentioned that there is no demand for co-products and prices are coming down. How would that change naphtha margins? And then, can you compare todays ethylene margins in U.S. versus Europe? You are in a good position to do that. And any thoughts on new China ethylene crackers that were coming online. Thank you. 
Jim Fitterling: I think what weve seen so far P.J. in terms of the cost curves on ethylene is that, naphtha has come down, but lighter cracking ethane propane cracking is still advantaged to $100 and more than $100 a ton.  And so, that is a byproduct of the byproduct credits. And when you learn these naphtha crackers, typically, you are running them to produce ethylene and you take credit for all the byproducts that you sell in the market and net that back against the ethylene capacity.  When there is no margin on the byproducts, there is no netback credit. And so, thats what we are looking at is, there is no place for the sea ores to go, the butadiene demand is down, rubber demand is down.  And so, at some point, you flip those markets upside down and at that point, people just slowdown rather than crack more naphtha. So thats what we are looking at and I think thats what we are going to see play out. 
Operator: And well move to John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets. 
John McNulty : Yes. Thanks for taking my question. On the cost side, can you speak to the $350 million cost assets that you are looking to pull out, how quickly that can be phased in? And then, I guess, also in terms of the cost and efficiency improvements that you are looking for in Sadara, how can we be thinking about that play in through throughout the year, as well? And if that maybe expedited in any way?
Jim Fitterling: Yes, let Howard can put a good timeframe to that. 
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, yes. Hey, John. Good morning. On the $350 million, I would say, I would look at about 20% of that realized in the second quarter and then, the 80% pretty evenly split between the third quarter and fourth quarter, maybe a little bit of a lighter third quarter and a heavier fourth quarter just as we continue to take those cost out.  Relative to Sadara, look these, if the naphtha margins hold, youll actually see a margin expansion in Sadara as the second quarter progresses. And then on the cost out, the team continues to do a good job of reducing cost pretty evenly through the year.  In fact, if you looked at our equity earnings in the first quarter, it was a one JV that actually was flat or up on the same quarter last year or prior quarter basis and thats really because, they saw the same thing that all of the other JVs saw, which was some margin compression, because of the demand disruption. But they were able to offset that with the cost.  The other thing that they are also working on is just the sell up. Remember, we brought 26 operations on pretty much in about a twelve month period. So we sold them out. But now weve got to sell them up until the teams are working on that and thats not going to be a one or two quarter activity. But thats over the course of about three or four years. 
Operator: And well move on to Frank Mitsch with Fermium Research
Frank Mitsch : Hey. Good morning. And Jim, Id like to echo your appreciation and congrats to Neal and offer a warm welcome to Colleen. So, Dow has spoken in the past about multiple Monte Carlo simulations and I am not sure if youve factored in a pandemic or a oil collapse in those simulations.  But here we are, if I am looking at the first half of 2020, we are running at a runrate below $6 billion in EBITDA. So, I guess, my question is, at what level decline in profitability do you start to get concerned about the dividend? And if you could offer any comments regarding that that would be very helpful. 
Jim Fitterling: Sure, let me have Howard do that, because he went through a tremendous amount of this work pre-spin as we came out of the spin. Howard?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, Frank, good morning. Look, we are really smart. I dont know that we factored in a pandemic into the Monte Carlo simulation. But let me use the current most bearish Wall Street number thats out there on our 2020 earnings around $5.1 billion, $5.2 billion of EBITDA. If you take out interest and taxes, that leaves you with about $4 billion. And then, from there you got a $2.1 billion dividend.  Youve got what we said today was $1.25 billion of CapEx and $500 million of Sadara. So, youve got plenty of room even if that bearish number to do just with operating earnings and more than cover the dividend. We are also working on the non-operating side of the house.  So, part of our cash flow in the first quarter was the $250 million that we got from the Nova judgment, on the tax side, obviously, if earnings are that kind of depressed and oil was down, we are going to see at least a $500 million release in cash on working capital.  And then, weve got some of the other non-operating things that we are working on which is the all-in payments thats expected in contractually obligated at the end of the year of about $500 million. So, even at that level, we are more than comfortable and adequately able to cover that dividend and weve got $12 billion of committed liquidity including $3.6 billion of cash on hand. 
Operator: And well move on to Chris Parkinson with Credit Suisse. 
Chris Parkinson : Great. Thank you. Can you just walk us through your various Sadara assumptions? Just regarding the structural op improvements you referenced and just also update us on your debt reprofiling discussions? Thank you. 
Jim Fitterling: Sure. Howard, do you want to hit Sadara, all our assumptions and our debt reprofiling? 
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, so, look, I mean, what we said in the prepared remarks this morning, we are very pleased that Sadara got that last remaining rail agreement, logistics agreement signed. That is the final substantive step to achieve PCD.  Now, we have a series of, what I would call administrative steps that Sadara has got to work through things like registration of their security docking until the lenders, verification of the project cost and some of those other things.  Those should be well underway as we approach the end of the second quarter if not completely done. As a result of the logistics agreement being done, the Sadara, Saudi Aramco and Dow Treasury teams have jointly begun the lender reprofiling discussions. In fact, those discussions got actively started this week.  I would say, for modeling purposes, its going to take the balance of the year to make that happen. Youve got ECAs in the mix, youve got the co-financing and youve got international banks. So its going to be a complicated discussion.  And thats why we say look, $500 million of cash this year in line with last year makes sense from a modeling purpose standpoint. But we are pretty focused on making sure that we get that done by the end of the year. That is the goal. 
Jim Fitterling: And if you see, Chris, Sadaras first quarter results were relatively flat with last year. We are taking lots of actions Sadara and Aramco and Dow to make sure that they can continue to deliver performance similar to last year and we put into model $500 million which is our contribution to repayment of principal for the year. So thats how much cash well be looking at putting in this year. 
Operator: And well move on to Steve Byrne with Bank of America. 
Steve Byrne : Yes, thank you. I wanted to drill in a little more on the $350 million of cost cuts. Can you describe what functional areas and businesses these came from? And perhaps you can talk a little bit about the learnings from your benchmarkings analysis? Any specific productivity initiatives that have come out of that?
Jim Fitterling: Yes, Steve. So let me try to hit it and then ask Howard if I miss anything to comment. So, it isnt - I think most people go to this and say that its headcount-related. We have tried not to do that. Obviously, weve got almost all of our plans learning today. So, we are trying to support our customers. We are idling some capacity. But we arent laying off people in order to do that.  Weve cut discretionary spend and then obviously, big buckets of spend like travel and other things are near zero. And so, there has been a shift in some of the spending. Weve moved out some turnaround activity. Factories with it obviously some discretionary expense that goes along. And so, weve looked at different types of activities like that where we can cut discretionary spend out and weve got that modeled out for the rest of the year.  But we havent given that this is a pandemic and one of the biggest challenges around the world has been the number of people that are unemployed. We have not tried to add to that, because thats a burden right now for a lot of governments around the world. 
Howard Ungerleider: Weve also done a fair amount of digitalization as we brought the DuPont assets in and set up four regional back-office centers. One in China, one in the Netherlands, one in the U.S. here in Michigan and then another in Sao Paulo. So, weve been able to do a lot of streamlining, as well. 
Operator: And next well move to Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets. 
Arun Viswanathan : Hey, good morning. Thanks a lot. Thanks for what you are doing on the frontlines, as well. I guess, I just wanted to ask about both polyethylene and polyurethanes. Both markets have gone through some structural changes here polyethylene on the feedstock side and potentially demand side. Polyurethanes on the demand side with reduced demand for consumer discretionary items.  I guess, would you agree with those characterizations and I guess, when you think about that, thinking longer-term, do you foresee any changes in your strategy and polyurethane as you talked about adding Systems Houses and PE, you talked about selling. Are those still valid in this environment? Have you seen new customers trade down or change their strategy, as well? Thanks. 
Jim Fitterling: Arun, I think, well get back to the growth playbook as we mentioned in the script. And I think its just a matter of timing here. So, it doesnt make sense right now to continue to plough cash and capacity when the demand in Europe and North America and Latin America has slowed down, because people are staying at home.  So thats why we are taking some of the actions that we are taking right now. Its just to balance that demand. But that demand will come back. People are not going to stay at home forever. We are helping governments right now with safe ways to return to work and we are operating safely. 14,000 Dow people go to the sites every day and we are operating safely and people are healthy.  So, we know it can be done. But its just going to take some time before the consumer confidence to come back and thats why we are doing what we are doing. Downstream, expansions in our Industrial Solutions and in our Functional Silicones products are still continuing. Systems House will come back as the automotive business and the Installation and Construction business comes back and well continue to look at downstream on plastics. 
Operator: And that will conclude todays Question-And-Answer Session. At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Colleen Kay for any additional or closing remarks. 
Colleen Kay: Thank you everyone for joining our call today. We appreciate your interest in Dow. For your reference, a copy of our transcript will be posted on Dows website within 24 hours. This concludes our call and have a safe day.
Operator: And that will conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-29 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Dow Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Also, todays call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Neal Sheorey. Please go ahead, sir.
Neal Sheorey: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us to discuss the fourth quarter financial results for Dow. Were making this call available via webcast, and we have prepared slides to supplement our comments during this conference call. They are posted on the Investor Relations section of Dows website and through the link to our webcast. Speaking on the call today are Jim Fitterling, Dows Chief Executive Officer; and Howard Ungerleider, President and Chief Financial Officer. Please read the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the earnings news release and slides. During our call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations or predictions about the future. Because these statements are based on current assumptions and factors that involve risks and uncertainties, our actual performance and results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Dows Forms 10-Q and 10-K include detailed discussions of principal risks and uncertainties which may cause such differences. Unless otherwise specified, all historical financial measures presented today are on a pro forma basis, and all financials where applicable exclude significant items. Well also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures is contained on the Dow earnings release, in the slides that supplement our comments today and on the Dow website. On Slide 2, youll see our agenda for the call. Jim will start with an overview of Dows fourth quarter and operating segment performance as well as an update on Sadara. Howard will then move into a financial overview of the quarter, including details on our principal joint ventures and will also provide some comments on modeling guidance for the first quarter and full year. And finally, Jim will provide a review of Dows performance against our 2019 targets and then close with our priorities for 2020. Following that, we will take your questions. With that, Ill turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Fitterling: Thanks, Neal, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. Starting on Slide 3. The Dow team once again executed against our operational and financial playbook to close a pivotal year in the companys history. We captured growth, achieved another year-over-year improvement in cash from operations and delivered leading returns to shareholders. Our results showcased the resilience of our portfolio and our ability to leverage our core strength and our focus on delivering value to our customers and owners. Here are some notable highlights from the quarter. First, we continued to capture demand in key end markets, particularly those closer to the consumer. The trends in the fourth quarter mirrored what weve seen all year: Solid demand in consumer-driven staples, offset by lagging or contracting demand in industrial segments and in applications related to big ticket items such as automobiles. Overall, excluding the Hydrocarbons & Energy business, we achieved volume growth of 2% in the quarter. Second, we continued to drive a lean cost structure. We removed more than $35 million of stranded costs in the quarter. And third, we remained focused on generating strong cash flow and utilizing our free cash flow in a balanced way, aligned with our capital allocation priorities. We generated $1.9 billion of cash flow from operations, up more than $500 million year-over-year. Our EBITDA to cash from operations conversion rose significantly to 110%, supported by the inflow of cash from the legal judgment judgment with Nova as well as the release of cash from working capital. These factors enabled us to execute more than $1 billion in deleveraging as well as return $600 million to our shareholders. Im proud of the Dow teams performance in the face of challenging industrial market and trade dynamics. Once again, we demonstrated our ability to control the things that we can control while pursuing growth opportunities in our targeted end market. And equally importantly, these results represent solid progress against the priorities we laid out a year ago, which I will review later in the call. Moving on to our segment results in the quarter. On Slide 4, Packaging & Specialty Plastics operating EBIT was $648 million. The benefits of stranded cost savings and volume gains in the Packaging & Specialty Plastics business were more than offset by lower polyethylene prices and reduced equity earnings. The Packaging & Specialty Plastics business delivered 4% volume growth, led by double-digit growth in Asia Pacific. We continued to see solid demand growth in our key packaging end market, including flexible food and specialty packaging, industrial and consumer packaging, and health and hygiene applications. Hydrocarbons & Energy reported both lower volume and price. Volume declines were primarily due to planned turnaround activity in Europe, which led to reduced hydrocarbon co-product sales. On slide 5, Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure operating EBIT was $221 million, primarily reflecting margin compression in polyurethane component as well as lower equity earnings largely driven by margin compression in MEG at the Kuwait joint ventures and in glycol ethers at Sadara. Industrial Solutions reported lower net sales, primarily driven by lower prices for chemical intermediate. Volumes also declined modestly, primarily in ethylene glycols, which was partly offset by growth in heat transfer fluids and pharmaceutical applications. The Polyurethanes & Construction Chemicals business reported modest volume growth driven by gains in construction chemicals applications, and this was more than offset by local price declines for polyurethane intermediates. And finally, on Slide 6, Performance Materials & Coatings operating EBIT was $233 million. EBIT rose year-over-year, in part due to lower cost in the Coatings & Performance Monomers business, which was impacted by an extended turnaround in the fourth quarter of 2018. Sales declined as a result of weaker local prices in all regions, primarily due to lower siloxanes prices. Consumer Solutions delivered flat volume versus the year-ago period. Growth in high-performance infrastructure applications globally as well as improved demand for siloxanes in Asia Pacific and the U.S. and Canada was offset by demand contraction in automotive and consumer electronics end markets. Coatings & Performance Monomers sales declined due to lower local prices and volumes. On a regional basis, coatings volume was primarily impacted by lower demand in the U.S. and Canada and Europe. Before I turn it over to Howard, I want to give an update on our progress at Sadara. As we mentioned last year, we had one remaining logistics service agreement to get signed by parties in the Kingdom in order to start the process of achieving project completion. Im pleased to report that the parties have reached agreement in principle and the official signing is imminent. And as a result, the remaining steps to achieve project completion are underway. As weve discussed before, achieving project completion is an important milestone for several reasons. First, it formalizes Sadara as a fully operational venture. Second, it enables the parent guarantees that Dow has on Sadaras debt to be released. And third, Sadara will then move forward to reprofile its debt. The debt reprofiling is a critical next step for Sadara in providing the JV with enhanced financial flexibility. The JV expects these discussions to take place over the course of this year, and we will provide another update once they have more to share. Sadara offers an impressive suite of world-class assets, technologies and products. Both Dow and Saudi Aramco remain aligned as shareholders in getting Sadara to a self- sustaining financial position as soon as possible. Finally, as you look through our fourth quarter results, you will see that we recorded a write-down of our equity investment in Sadara. I want to emphasize that this action does not detract from our belief in the JVs ability to enhance its financial strength and achieve independence. Rather, it is a reflection of our view of the latest financial projections for the JV relative to the book value of our investment. Ill now turn it over to Howard to discuss our financial performance in the quarter and modeling guidance.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Turning to Slide 8. Net sales were $10.2 billion at the high end of our guidance range. Local price declined 12% year-over-year driven primarily by declines in polyethylene, isocyanates and hydrocarbon co-products. Currency decreased sales by 1%. Volume declined 2% year-over-year, largely driven by lower hydrocarbon co-product sales. Excluding the Hydrocarbons & Energy business, volume was up 2%, led by demand growth in packaging and construction chemical applications. Equity losses were $21 million. Operating EBIT was $1 billion. Tailwinds during the quarter included savings from stranded cost removal, contributions from new capacity on the U.S. Gulf Coast and improved earnings in the Performance Materials & Coatings segment. These gains were more than offset by year-over-year margin compression in our core value chain, lower equity earnings and higher planned turnaround costs. Operating EBITDA margins improved by 33 basis points year-over-year. And excluding equity earnings, it expanded 75 basis points. Our fourth quarter operating EBIT results also benefited by approximately $50 million from a few discrete project-related items. These included two items in our Industrial Solutions business, catalyst sales and a large concentrated solar power project. Below the EBIT line, we reported an unfavorable tax rate year-over-year and versus our guidance, resulting from a change in our mix of geographic earnings. Notably, we experienced a drop in earnings in Europe due in part to a reduction in integrated polyethylene margins as well as turnaround costs related to the planned maintenance outage at our cracker in the Netherlands. This was offset by favorable interest expense, D&A and share count. Operating EPS was $0.78. On a GAAP basis, we reported a loss per share due to significant items that totaled $3.92 per share. This was driven by several items in the quarter. We recorded a noncash impairment charge of $2.85 billion, which included a $1.75 billion write-down related to Sadara that Jim mentioned, as well as a $1 billion impairment of goodwill associated with the Coatings & Performance Monomers reporting unit. These write-downs were conducted following our annual financial projection reviews, which determined that the carrying values were higher than the fair values. Moving to cash flow. As we laid out at our Investor Day in 2018, weve been applying a much greater focus on enhancing cash flow. And once again, the Dow team delivered a strong quarter on our cash metrics. We generated $1.9 billion of cash from continuing operations, which was driven by improvements in earnings-to-cash conversion supported by a more than $400 million release of cash from net working capital. Finally, we allocated our free cash flow in a balanced way, in line with our capital allocation priorities. We paid down more than $1 billion of debt in the quarter and returned $611 million to our owners, including the remaining $100 million of share repurchases left to achieve our $500 million share repurchase target for 2019. Turning to our principal joint ventures on Slide 9. Equity losses for the quarter were $21 million. This was primarily driven by lower results at our Kuwait joint ventures as a result of margin compression in MEG and polyethylene as well as reduced cracker and polyethylene margins at our Thailand JVs. Sadara reported a modest improvement in earnings as the benefits of volume gains and cost control more than offset price declines. Moving to Slide 10. We continue to provide modeling guidance on a sequential basis as we believe this is the most relevant way to explain the dynamics, given the current market conditions. We see first quarter being stable with where we ended the fourth quarter. As I mentioned before, we had some project-based items in the fourth quarter that benefited our results. After adjusting for those items, the key drivers are tailwinds from lower turnaround costs and normal seasonal recovery from the fourth quarter, headwinds from an ongoing third-party supplier outage near our Tarragona, Spain site; lower results in our JVs, primarily due to compressed spreads in Asia; and a nonoperational headwind from higher pension expense as a result of lower discount rates at the end of 2019. In Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment, we entered the year expecting overall stabilization with some regional recovery. With negative integrated polyethylene margins in Asia and European margins low as well, we expect price increases to gain traction from the low point at the end of 2019. If they dont, we expect high cost producers to come under pressure. And in fact, weve already seen some competitors trim back rates in the fourth quarter for that very reason. The Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure segment will benefit from the lower turnaround costs compared to the prior quarter. However, as I mentioned, were currently impacted by a third-party supplier outage near our Tarragona, Spain site, which has forced us to take some EO derivative capacity offline. And finally, in Performance Materials & Coatings, we expect siloxanes pricing to remain relatively flat with the fourth quarter. In Coatings & Performance Monomers, we expect a normal seasonal uplift in profitability. The core business performance, however, will be offset by higher planned turnaround activity at our Performance Monomers site in Texas. Turning to full year 2020 on Slide 11. There are several items for consideration as you update your models. Weve provided the income statement and cash flow items that we can forecast at this time. We expect our 2020 JV equity earnings to be lower than 2019, largely due to the averaging impact as key spreads did not bottom until the second quarter of 2019. We also anticipate planned turnaround spending to be flat year-over-year. And as I mentioned before, we expect higher pension expense of $125 million year-over-year, and we provided the estimated split of that headwind by segment. Below the EBIT line, we once again anticipate lower interest expense as a result of our lower debt level. We see our tax rate range moving higher this year as were forecasting a change in our geographic mix of earnings, particularly due to lower earnings in Europe. And finally, our share count estimate includes base case share repurchases to offset dilution. Some selected guidance for cash items is included on the right and on the next slide, we have provided a review of our known cash upsides and downsides to give some context for our free cash flow optionality this year. So with that, lets turn to Slide 12. There is no change in our cash priorities for 2020. We remain focused on generating solid cash flow from operations and improving our cash flow conversion, and we will continue to prioritize our use of free cash flow between deleveraging, incremental CapEx targeting lower-risk growth opportunities and returns to shareholders. Our base case operating cash flow upsides and downsides are shown here. Cash upsides include reduced integration, separation and restructuring spending, slightly lower required cash contributions to our pension plans, interest expense savings and an inflow of cash from a fence-line customer for an ethylene capacity reservation fee, which we expect at the end of 2020. Regarding CapEx, we see our spending in a range of $1.5 billion to $1.75 billion this year, which gives us an additional $250 million to $500 million of flexibility to either apply toward our free cash flow priorities or pursue incremental growth investments. And given that there is still work ahead for Sadara, were conservatively assuming that our contributions will remain flat with 2019. Downsides include a decrease in JV dividends as the JVs pay their dividends based on the previous years earnings. Our base case does not assume any nonoperational cash inflows related to our remaining legal proceedings with Nova and therefore, we show a year-over-year decline. With that said, we continue to actively pursue resolutions in our favor on two items, reclaiming the tax withheld on last years pre-2012 judgment and obtaining a judgment on the post-2012 case. The most important takeaway here is that we expect our cash generation in 2020 to leave us with free cash flow optionality. We have a few key priorities that will dictate how we deploy this cash. The dividend remains our number one priority. We are currently on the high side of our capital structure targets, and so deleveraging continues to also be a key priority as well as putting more investments into our businesses where we see lower-risk, quicker payback opportunities. Should market conditions show improvement, we could also lean more toward returning additional capital to shareholders. Further cash optionality could also come from nonoperational items. The items listed on this slide hold additional free cash potential of approximately $1 billion. All of these items are in motion, and we will continue to provide updates on them as we make progress. In sum, were confident about our ability to deliver against our disciplined financial playback this year, and we will continue to deploy free cash flow in a responsible manner that balances our actions to improve our debt profile, strengthen our financial flexibility and reward our owners. With that, Ill turn it back to Jim.
Jim Fitterling: Thanks, Howard. Turning to Slide 13. Just over a year ago, we laid out to investors a clear set of near-term priorities for Dow that reflected our more focused, disciplined and market-oriented company. And in 2019, we delivered on these priorities. We controlled the factors in our control and we showcased our resilience. Ill spend the next few minutes highlighting the key progress we made in 2019 against our objectives, starting with Slide 14. Our focus on profitable growth helped us navigate the headwinds that we faced throughout 2019. Our U.S. Gulf Coast investments enabled top line volume growth in the Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment as well as bottom line contribution, thanks to the U.S. Gulf Coasts global cost competitiveness. Even in the midst of a year of market challenges, our packaging business grew volume year-over-year every quarter in 2019, which ultimately reflects our business global competitiveness. Our silicones franchise completed 16 incremental growth projects, unlocking additional downstream capability and driving higher captive siloxanes consumption. This will continue to be our focus going forward as downstream silicones applications can deliver up to 1,000 basis points of margin uplift over commodity siloxane. We reached final investment decision on our flexible alkoxylation capacity expansion and signed a 10-year supply agreement with a key customer, and we announced plans to retrofit an ethylene facility in Louisiana with our new proprietary fluidized catalytic dehydrogenation technology to produce on-purpose propylene. Our digitalization efforts helped us improve our customers experience. In 2019, we launched an expanded e-commerce portal on dow.com. We achieved nearly $3 billion of revenue on the portal in 2019, and we have plans to continue growing sales through this channel. Turning to Slide 15. We demonstrated a balanced and disciplined approach to capital allocation. First and foremost, we redoubled our focus on cash and improved our cash flow conversion to 78%, which was 37 percentage points above the conversion rate we had in 2018. In the fourth quarter alone, we achieved a conversion rate of 110%, as we benefited from a combination of operational and nonoperational cash improvement. We also prudently managed capital spending, responding to the softer market conditions by proactively cutting CapEx spending to $2 billion or $500 million below the target set at the beginning of the year. More importantly, we tilted our growth cap toward the highest return businesses, pushing forward our wave two investments in our packaging, silicones and industrial solutions businesses. These actions enabled us to deliver $3.8 billion of free cash flow in 2019 which we deployed to drive toward our capital structure targets and to reward our shareholders. We strengthened our debt maturity profile by paying down more than $3 billion of debt, and we conducted opportunistic liability management such that our next material debt maturity is not until the second half of 2022. We did all this while also delivering $2.6 billion to our shareholders through our strong dividend and share repurchases. Turning to Slide 16. We continue to reduce our cost structure. We achieved more than $600 million in cost synergy and stranded cost savings in 2019. This included more than $160 million of stranded cost removal and the completion of a $1.365 billion cost synergy program. As a result of streamlining and optimizing our organizational and management structure over the past few years, we closed 2019 at the headcount that we targeted at our Investor Day a little more than a year ago. These actions were also shaped by our enhanced focus on benchmarking, which brings me to our final pillar, best owner mindset on Slide 17. We followed through on our commitments to increase transparency and disclosure. We moved to ethylene market-based transfer pricing, shifted our primary profit metric from EBITDA to EBIT and disclosed our key product capacities. We enhanced our focus on benchmarking to develop a clear picture of our competitive position in the market and share that output with shareholders on a periodic basis. These were critical steps to drive towards best-in-class performance. On the portfolio management front, we completed a number of incremental transactions aligned with actions to clean up and simplify our footprint. During the fourth quarter alone, we shut down a polyurethanes facility in Australia as well as a coatings manufacturing facility in the U.S. We transferred ownership of a coatings emulsion plant in Germany to Trinseo. We sold our acetone derivatives business and associated assets, site infrastructure, land and utilities in West Virginia to ALTIVIA; and finally, we sold our La Porte, Texas site. In summary, we did what we said we would do. And the framework we used in 2019 applies once again to our priorities in 2020, which we outlined on Slide 18. In terms of growth, even though we plan to keep our capital spending restrained, we will still progress our suite of higher-return, lower risk growth investments. On the immediate horizon, we expect the two new furnaces at our Texas-9 cracker to come online by the middle of second quarter 2020, with commissioning projected to start toward the end of first quarter. This will bring the crackers capacity to two million metric tons, making it the worlds largest ethylene facility. And today, were announcing plans to incrementally expand capacity at our ethylene facility in Western Canada by approximately 130,000 metric tons with the addition of another furnace. Dow will co-invest in the expansion with a regional customer, evenly sharing the project costs and ethylene output. This expansion leverages our unique cost-advantaged feedstock position in Western Canada. The additional ethylene will be consumed by existing polyethylene assets in the region, making the investment immediately accretive once it comes online in the first half of 2021. Dow will fund will fund this project within our stated CapEx spending targets. We also have more incremental silicones investments on deck in 2020 as were targeting another 12 debottlenecks this year. We expect to complete stranded cost removal by capturing the remaining $140 million of savings, and well also focus on continuous productivity, not only in terms of cost, but also manufacturing efficiencies. As Howard mentioned earlier, we have plenty of operational and nonoperational cash flow actions that we are pursuing. Finally, we will continue to apply a best owner mindset to all we do. The Dow team continues to evaluate additional incremental footprint cleanup options, much like the ones we completed in the fourth quarter of 2019. We will provide updates through the year as we have information to share. Before I wrap up my comments, I will provide our current outlook, which is on Slide 19. Many of our key product lines were challenged throughout 2019. However, our advantaged positions on the cost curve, global diversification and differentiated products have allowed us to continue capturing volume growth around the globe. So far in 2020, we have seen similar conditions to those at the end of 2019, but the dynamic is now beginning to shift. As macro conditions weakened into the end of 2019, third-party industry reports indicated that high-cost producers in many chains were struggling with breakeven or negative cash margins. For example, in polyethylene, capacity in Europe and Asia that utilizes naphtha feedstock, which represents a significant amount of global capacity, was at zero or negative margins for much of the fourth quarter. MDI spreads around the world have continued to bounce around what we believe are breakeven levels and siloxane prices in China have also hovered at breakeven levels for at least the last six months. For these reasons, third-party industry reports have suggested that producers with fourth quartile cost position are considering or implementing rate cuts or extending planned turnaround. And in the past few months, we have seen public announcements by some producers delaying new capacity additions. And with inventory levels normalizing in some of our chains, we see a good environment for an inflection to gain traction. In our view, it is still too early to claim sustainable improvement. And in fact, it could take some time for the dynamics to play out. But that said, we are seeing early signs that support gradual improvement in the near-term from the lows that we reached at the end of 2019. So to close on Slide 20. As we enter 2020, we are taking a conservative view given the macro and micro trends that we are seeing. Recent trade resolutions should be a positive for sentiment, but it may take some time before we see this translate into improved fundamentals. Even after the Phase 1 U.S.-China agreement, a majority of the original tariffs are still in place, which will continue to weigh on supply chain as well as consumer and investor sentiment. As such, the same discipline that we showed in 2019 will guide our actions in 2020. Were not counting on end market conditions to determine our success. Rather, we have a suite of actions and advantages within our control. We will continue to be financially disciplined. Our portfolio will remain competitive, thanks to our operational and footprint advantages. We will continue to generate strong free cash flow and responsibly allocate that capital along the lines of our priorities, and we will continue to institute self-help measures. These factors will serve us well as our end markets stabilize and reset. And just as important, they put us in the best position to continue serving our customers and rewarding our shareholders. Now, Ill turn it back to Neal to open the Q&A.
Neal Sheorey: Thank you, Jim. With that, lets move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question well hear from Arun Viswanathan from RBC Capital Markets.
Arun Viswanathan: Thanks. Good morning. Im just curious, it sounds like basically, youre seeing a potentially supply-driven inflection point, there is maybe some rate cuts by competitors on the motivation of weak margins. I guess Im just worried that if demand does improve and we see some slight improvement, industrially speaking, would that prevent some of these supply shutdowns going forward and kind of crimp up the recovery that you're potentially seeing? Maybe you can just offer some thoughts on how that materializes over the next couple of quarters?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning. Were on this Jim, thanks for the question. I think what we saw and what we've seen out of the third-party reports is that you had some fairly significant deltas on cash margins for some of the  especially Naptha producers in Asia and a little bit in Europe, too. In fact, we got to a couple of periods in the last several weeks where it was negative to as much as $0.10 to $0.12. So thats a lot to absorb if you're at the bottom of the cycle. So I'm not sure that we would see it all come back on, but you can always bump around here a little bit.  I would also point back to  we had very strong demand in plastics. So plastics was up 4% in the quarter. Four consecutive quarters of volume growth in plastics. So I think demand is out there, and I think our cost positions are good. And that's really what's helped us out. All the investments we made over the last five to seven years really brought us down on the cost position, feedstock flexibility as well as just the lower cost of the crackers, and that's what's going to help us navigate through here.
Operator: Then next Ill move to Hassan Ahmed with Alembic Global.
Hassan Ahmed: Good morning, Jim. A two-part question on China. First, obviously, relatively new news about this plastic ban. How should we be thinking about that? And again, early days, but what are your thoughts about the demand impact from the coronavirus? 
Jim Fitterling: Thanks, Hassan, for the question. First, on the plastics ban. From a Dow perspective, we don't produce materials that go into most of those products that were banned. So straws and lightweight ag films and some of the T-shirt bags is not a market for us. Most of what we're selling into China goes what we're selling into China goes into more durable packaging, goes into flexible food packaging, and that demand continues to be strong. Health and hygiene markets obviously continue to be strong. Nonwovens is a big market for us as well. On the coronavirus. I had the experience to live there during the SARS epidemic, and it feels like to me, what we went through during the SARS time period. You're seeing an impact on tourism, people staying at home, people not going to restaurants. The service industry gets hit a little bit. People may be making a run at the grocery store to stock up on things. You're seeing some pull on demand on things like materials that are going into household cleaners or disinfectants, nonwovens that are going into masks or wipes. So we're seeing some of that pull on demand. And I know our counterparts at DuPont are also seeing that. For example, on pull on some of their nonwovens and their surgical masks and things as well. Once we figure out how to treat this, things will start to return to normal. And I think it took us in SARS a few weeks to really, WHO and CDC, to figure out how to treat it, and then everybody started to kind of get back into normal life. Customers have not gone back from Chinese New Year yet. So when I talked to the businesses yesterday, they're still seeing customers take an extended Chinese New Year. But I would imagine in another week, they're going to have to go back because demand for some of their products is starting to pick up, too.
Operator: And next well move on to Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you. And good morning everyone. Just to come back to the Asian margins on polyethylene. It seems that we've noticed is that a lot of the negative margin has come from the increase in the naptha feedstock cost rather than a decrease in the price of, I guess guess, spend slightly weak. So oil prices have been flat. So can you give us an assessment of what's going on in the naptha market. And what would happen if naphtha prices retreat, but PE prices, therefore, don't improve in terms of the sort of expectation for a recovery in the first half?
Jim Fitterling: Thanks Vince. Good morning. Thats a good question. And I do agree with you that, that naptha movement up and down is a big contributor to what we saw happen with those margins, both in Europe and in Asia Pacific, the Asian pricing has been stable. So that's been a good thing, even at the end of the year. And typically, at the end of the year, you would see people doing some destocking, you might expect that product to get depressed, but it held up pretty well. But I think it's holding up well because the breakeven costs over there are much, much higher.  So if we're running at the bottoms right now on Asia and on Western Europe, and we've still got this advantage on Canada, Argentina, U.S. Gulf Coast. I think it speaks to the fact that the high cost producers are going to be under pressure for a while. And I think that's why the third-party reports are out there saying people are pushing out expansion. People are talking about shuttering in some capacity. We'll see how that develops.  The other thing I would mention is that, typically, in March to June, that's the heavy turnaround season for ethylene. And usually, historically, you have about 8% of the capacity offline. A lot of the third-party reports that are out there right now and turnaround activity have as much as 15% of that capacity offline. So I think as we go through the quarter and some of that capacity comes off, we're going to see some opportunity there for some pricing and margin expansion. 
Operator: And next well hear from Jeff Zekauskas with J.P. Morgan.
Jeff Zekauskas : Thanks very much. And what was the  is the $500 million that you plan to put into Sadara optional on your part? Or was it part of a contractual obligation? What's the theory behind the additional investment? And are there any obligations that you'll face in 2021? Or is this the end of the end of the investment?
Howard Ungerleider: Hey Jeff, good morning. This is Howard. That $500 million is what we had to put in last year. As you look at Sadara, where we are in the cycle with chain margins and polyolefins, and isocyanate, they've got enough cash flow that they're generating to cover their own costs and to cover their interest expense. But the project was project financed, and that project financing all is now that the project is fully operational, the principle is coming due, and they don't have enough cash to generate to pay all of that principle. So that $500 million is roughly our expectation that 2020 conservatively will look like 2019. And in 2019, we had to put in $500 million, which was our 35% ownership of the principle. And so what we talked about, what Jim talked about on the, I think, in the prepared remarks, is that we've got agreement in principle now on the last logistics agreement to  that's the last remaining step, signature of that document is imminent. At that point, we will have achieved project completion. And then we  Sadara will work with the support, obviously, of both Dow and Aramco to reprofile the debt with the lender group. And so that's our focus. Our expectation is that will take us through the better part of this year to get that done. So conservatively, for modeling purposes, we said, look, we'll put the $500 million in there just to  as a precaution.
Operator: And moving on, David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank will have our next question.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Jim, just looking back on Q4, just a two-part question. First, PM&C. Can you just comment on how it was so strong given some weak siloxane margins? And second, the $60 million of catalyst sales and other benefits, solar fill benefits, were those expected to be realized in the quarter when we last spoke back in October, November? Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: So thanks Dave. A good question. One of the main things we had was we had lower cost this fourth quarter than last year because there was a turnaround fourth quarter of 2018, and we didn't have that in the fourth quarter of 2019. We also saw lower propylene raw material costs. So we had PDH out in turnaround and propylene prices actually came down pretty significantly. So that rolled through on the acrylics chain. So you see some of that impact. We did get some margin expansion. So we saw siloxanes pricing slightly improve, and we also saw some volume gain in siloxanes versus what we had expected. And to your point on the two onetime things, catalyst and the solar fill. We had expected those to come. You never know exactly when the timing of those is going to happen because they're capital of those is going to happen because they're capital projects. So when the solar fill charge comes when they tell you, hey, deliver the material, we're ready to load up the plant, and that just happened in the fourth quarter. So I think that one, you can look at and say that one wasnt expected in Q4.
Operator: And well move on to Jonas Oxgaard with Bernstein.
Jonas Oxgaard: Good morning guys. I was wondering if we could talk a little bit about your capital policy for 2020. As far as I can tell, there's no buybacks in the guidance. But it does look like you should have some CapEx  or some cash left over. Am I missing something here?
Jim Fitterling: Let me talk a little bit, Jonas, about how we're approaching CapEx and then I'll get Howard to talk about cash priorities for the year. So we're going to start the year here with a target of $1.75 billion of Capex. We'll keep all of our incremental high-return debottlenecks in place. Talked about the furnace add in Canada, that's on the capital list. The two furnaces that going on to Texas-9 will go into commissioning in March. So that's on  finishing up, that is on the capital list. About a dozen debottlenecks in siloxanes and the alkoxylation facility that we're putting in place to support that 10-year contract. Additionally, we're making the investment to retrofit FCDh into one of the Louisiana crackers, and that is really to be able to deliver propane-to-propylene economics at a much lower scale than PDH, but also do it with like 20% less greenhouse gas emissions, 20% less energy cost. So we're going to be able to really do PDH scale economics that we did over PDH 1 at 150,000 to 200,000 tons. That's a big breakthrough for us. And then that becomes a great licensing opportunity for us.  Now we paid down $3 billion of debt in the year. But we wanted to pay down a little bit more than that. So when we look at remaining capital, we have to keep it balanced between deleveraging and what we all want to do for share buybacks. And what's in the base case here is we will cover dilution. I think you'll see from our share count that we've been doing a good job of making sure that shareholders don't get diluted. So that's first priority. Howard, do you want to talk about the other priorities?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, thanks Jim. Good morning Jonas. I mean I think Jim covered it well. Our target that we laid out at Investor Day is to cover dilution every year at a minimum. So when we look at the margin compression that we had last year, and we look at the capital  we look at our capital structure targets over the economic cycle, we're on the higher end of that range. We did a very good job of doing $3 billion, as Jim said, of debt paydown last year, but we want to do a little bit more. So as we enter 2020, the primary focus after the dividend and after the $1.75 billion of CapEx is really to incrementally continue to delever with operational cash flows.  With that said, Jonas, and I think your point is very valid, and you look at the slide that we put out in the deck, we are a cash-generating machine. And so as we continue to drive higher cash flows. You can expect a balanced approach with additional debt paydown and additional shareholder remuneration. But we just felt like it was prudent, given the capital structure targets, to start the year with a preferred focus on debt paydown. 
Operator: And well move on to Frank Mitsch with Fermium Research.
Frank Mitsch: Hey good morning folks. I want to come back to the Polyurethanes & Construction Chemicals business. You reported some positive trends on the construction chemical side. I was wondering how sustainable that was. And then again, on Slide 19, in terms of polyurethanes, you're showing MDI as having  the MDI spread as having bottomed in September, and so I'm wondering if you could talk about what your outlook is there. Are we going to flatten out? Or is this a sustainable sort of recovery there? Any sort of color there would be very helpful. Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning Frank. I think on the MDI spreads, I think the current levels that we're at are probably sustainable. You could see some pressure down on some of that. But I'm hopeful with the U.S.-China deal done that that gets some confidence back in the markets and some of those downstream derivatives start to pull demand and that'll firm things up a little bit. As it comes to construction chemicals, we've seen good volume and good demand in the housing side. And I think it's held up better for longer than we had expected. It's going into a wide number of applications, which has been good. And it's offset good. And it's offset some softness that we've seen in some other parts of the PU business, for example, systems into automotive and into furniture and bedding. You don't think of it, but sometimes a mattress is a high-ticket item. But they were under some pressure because of the price of a mattress, it's one the things that consumers, if they're tightening the belt a little bit, will kind of slow down purchases on. But no, construction looks good, and I think we're off to, with the weather, we're off to a pretty reasonable start to the year. 
Operator: And next up, we'll have Steve Byrne with Bank of America.
Steve Byrne: Yes thank you. I wanted to ask you a little bit about your best owner mindset. What's your long-term view of the value proposition of your key joint ventures? And is your ownership of those the best use for Dow? And then also related to this best owner mindset. I was curious as to whether your recent benchmarking analyses has identified any new opportunities for you for a headcount reduction. You mentioned the e-commerce platform is gaining traction. Is that an area where you think that might ultimately lead to trimming the sales force?
Jim Fitterling: Yes thanks Steve for the question. On joint ventures, we do joint ventures for several reasons. The three key joint ventures that we have today, we have strong partners with, and they were for the reason of market access and to make sure that we had access to low-cost feedstocks. So when you look at that, you have to think about it in context of how do I serve the market with my customers if I don't have access to that partnership and that feedstock? Our priority on the ventures is we want them to be self-sustaining and self-funding and stand alone. That's why we're doing what we're doing with Sadara. The Kuwait joint venture is already in that spot. The Thai joint venture is also in that spot. And then they can  as they improve, they can yield dividends and pay back or they have the ability to fund their own growth as they move forward. All of our partners in the JVs are committed to that mindset, have the same mindset as we do. And obviously, what we need to do with Sadara is get through this debt reprofiling to get it in the best long-term sustainable solution. We're doing a lot of work on footprint. Most of that would be, think of divestiture work, like what we did in the fourth quarter, exiting a facility in a market that has declined, like Australia in polyurethanes was not competitive. Looking at our La Porte, Texas site, moving that capacity over to Freeport, getting off of that site, selling that site to somebody who really wants to come in and expand there. It's a good site. It's a good location. We only have one asset on that location. So we needed to make a change there. And then, obviously, we will look at product chains that inside Dow may not get investment money like we did with acetone derivatives in West Virginia. That's  there's a better owner for that business. And we're continuing to look at that. On digital, I believe digital is going to help us in two ways. If I look at the silicones business, Consumer Solutions, they are one of the most Sadara efficient businesses that we have. They're doing about $3 billion of sales through that digital portal. What they do then is they focus their Sadara capabilities on application development and very close customer contact. So they pull through a lot of demand through that chain. But what digital really does for us is help us get that end customer and that end-to-end signal back into our plants. So in polyurethanes, to give you an example, as we are able to get good demand signals, and that's a very complicated integrated chain through that polyurethanes chain, we can run the assets differently. In some cases, we can free up as much as 10% to 20% of incremental capacity off of an asset.  So it isn't just about Sadara. It's also about how we run the asset, how we get working capital out. We did $400 million of working capital out in fourth quarter by the old-fashioned way. When we get digital rolling, I think we're going to have the capability to see more working capital improvements. 
Operator: Next, we'll hear from John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: Thanks. Congrats on an upside quarter. When you reprofile the Sadara debt, do you get paid back on these $500 million contributions right away? Or does that somehow get rolled into your investment in your equity?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes good morning John. Hey, I don't want to have that negotiation with the lenders on this earnings call. What I would say, though, is I wouldn't expect that. I mean because that's been a historical principle. I really think our focus is really trying to get  to use Jim's words, to try and get Sadara to a cash flow self-sufficiency. So looking to the lenders and working with them to extend the tenors and/or to adjust the amortization tables, not to take a haircut. And that's our primary focus of what we're going to be working with them on.
Operator: And Christopher Parkinson with Credit Suisse will have our next question.
Christopher Parkinson: Thanks. Just a corollary to the question before. Can you just comment on your  any updates on your intermediate-term outlook for the MDI SD, just break out some key variables in the context of some capacity delays and so on and so forth. Just any update on your longer-term spread expectations. Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: Yes. MDI, I think MDI's exposure in the marketplace, Chris, is basically in those areas that I talked about that have been a little bit slow, automotive; some of the more rigid polyols and so appliances, those things pull on the MDI chain. That's been what's been the softest. There have been announced delays in capacity expansion, which makes obviously a lot of sense given where we are in the market and the spreads. And there's enough capacity out there to satisfy the demand for a while. So I think you'll see these are not easy facilities to build and they're not easy facilities to operate. My sense is now that we've got a little bit of confidence coming back in after the trade deals and we start to see maybe some people seeing their way through higher demand if automobiles start to pick back up, you're going to see things tighten a little bit and these spreads have the potential to go up. 
Operator: And next up well hear from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar: Yes, hi, good morning. A question on recycling. It seems that specialty and engineering plastics continue to grow while the commodity plastics come under pressure, your bags, your straws. How much of Dow's portfolio is in specialty category? And is there an update on recycling initiatives from the Alliance? And is it mostly focusing on recycling  mechanical recycling? And do you have any long-term view on polyethylene demand growth? Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: Good question P.J. I would say our portfolio today is probably running around 40% of the higher-value materials. So all of our functional polymers business would be in that category. That's about 25% of what we sell out of P&SP today. And then another 15% on the high end of P&SP would be in things like health and hygiene products, et cetera, which are probably not in that same space.  Recycling and these bands have been targeted at low-end single-use, I would say, commodity types of materials. And people just aren't getting their heads around the need for behavioral change at the consumer level to make that happen. So what we're working on with the Alliance, we now have more than 46 members in the Alliance, and it's growing every day. We're focusing on chemical recycling back to feedstock so that we can make recycled plastic out of taking the plastic, going back through chemical recycling and back through the cracker and the plastics plant. We're looking at mechanical recycling and going into high-volume applications like construction materials, pallets, crates into asphalt for roadways, any number of those applications, they're going to be waste-to-energy facilities. There's a large facility right now in Indonesia, 500,000 tons, mixed-use recycling, waste-to-energy, chemical and mechanically recycling both. We have several projects like that with the Alliance. We have a project with Nobel Prize laureate, Muhammad Yunus, working on a Zero Plastic Waste City in India, showcasing what can be done there.  You're seeing, across the board, tremendous amounts of recycling activity. One of our customers, Sealed Air, just announced that they've taken bubble wrap to post-consumer recycle. We launched AGILITY CE last year, which is up to 70% post-consumer recycled material. You're going to see that go into things like collation shrink for water bottles or beverage cases. And we're getting it into a whole host of other applications.  So this has taken off in a big way. Big announcements, like Nestle saying they're going to spend $2 billion to buy post-consumer recycled packaging, are great because we need that demand pull on the chain to make this work. 
Operator: And next up, we'll hear from Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Don Campbell: Good morning this is Don Campbell on for Bob. Quick question on your U.S. cracker fleet. We saw propane prices come up in the fourth quarter. So I'm curious on kind of your ability to flex your U.S. cracker fleet in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter. And then in early January, I think  or thus far in January, propane prices have come back in. So I guess kind of what your ability is to flex in the first quarter relative to the fourth quarter?
Jim Fitterling: Yes, a good question Don. We have the ability to flex  we can flex every day, but that doesn't sometimes make sense. But every week, we're looking at the flex that we need to take. Ethane has been in rejection here recently. So it's been advantaged. But there were periods in the fourth quarter where our variable costs from cracking propane were extremely low and butane has been in the mix all year as well. I'd say, with what's going on with TPC and the C4s, we're watching butane because we create a lot more C4s out of that that, and so we don't want to get ourselves into a jam on C4s. But propane has been advantaged. Propane advantage is a big advantage for Dow because we have more flex in the industry. We can crack up to 70-plus percent propane in the fleet in the U.S. Gulf Coast. And it's been an advantage for Europe as well. So we've been able to crack LPGs all through the fourth quarter, and we're cracking now in Europe.
Operator: And we'll move on to John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets.
John McNulty: Yes thanks for taking my question. With regard to the silicone's debottlenecking, the new furnaces at Texas-9. Can you kind of ballpark the opportunities in terms of the earnings add that, that can give you this year? And then also, do you have any incremental cost-cutting or efficiency levers that you can pull just given the difficult backdrop? I know you have a little bit of the  still working on cutting out some of the costs tied to stranded costs from the separation, but anything beyond that, that we should be thinking about? 
Jim Fitterling: Good morning John. We've got another $140 million of stranded costs to come out this year, and we're well on track to deliver that number. And we're obviously looking to liberate more out of working capital, as I talked about and get that cash and some nonoperational things like the remaining settlement of the 2013 to 2018 part of the Nova litigation case, which will come in there. We're doing a lot with all the businesses and functions on what we can do for efficiency. So in fourth quarter, leveraged services in Dow was down 13% in terms of cost. So they're wringing a lot of efficiencies out. Digitalization will help that, and I think that will be a difference. I'll throw it to Howard. Do we have a number on Texas-9 and on Canada? 
Howard Ungerleider: Well, we didn't give a number this morning on the Canadian except for the capacity, John. So what I would say is you take 130,000 tons of ethylene, we're going to use our portion of that. We're not all of that. We're going to use our portion of that to make additional polyolefin. We've got the reactor capacity already there, and so that's going to be the primary focus. The other thing that I would say that wasn't in Jim's list is $1 billion of cash that we'll get back from the lower transaction costs. We spent almost $1.2 billion in cash last year to finish the DowDuPont spin  spinout for Dow, and that  we'll get $1 billion of that back this year and then another $200 million in 2021. 
Operator: And that will conclude today's Question-and-Answer Session. At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Neal Sheorey for any additional or closing remarks.
Neal Sheorey: Thank you everyone for joining our call. We appreciate your interest in Dow. For your reference a copy of our transcript will be posted on Dows website later today. This concludes our call. Have a great day.
Operator: And that will conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-24 08:00:00) =====
Neal Sheorey: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us to discuss the Third Quarter Financial Results for Dow. We are making this call available via webcast, and we have prepared slides to supplement our comments during this conference call. They are posted on the Investor Relations section of Dows website and through the link to our webcast. Speaking on the call today are Jim Fitterling, Dows Chief Executive Officer; and Howard Ungerleider, President and Chief Financial Officer. Please read the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the earnings news release and slides. During our call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations or predictions about the future. Because these statements are based on current assumptions and factors that involve risks and uncertainties, our actual performance and results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Dows Forms 10-Q and 10-K include detailed discussions of principal risks and uncertainties which may cause such differences. Unless otherwise specified, all historical financial measures presented today are on a pro forma basis. And all financials, where applicable, exclude significant items. Well also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures is contained in the Dow earnings release, in the slides that supplement our comments today and on the Dow website. On Slide 2, youll see our agenda for the call. Jim will start with an overview of Dows third quarter and operating segment performance. Howard will then move into a financial overview of the quarter and will also provide some comments on modeling guidance and discuss Dows progress against some of our key financial targets. And finally, Jim will provide a progress update on Dows cost and growth targets and then close with a discussion on our forward-looking view. Following that, there would be plenty of time for your questions. With that, Ill turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Fitterling: Thanks, Neal, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. Starting on Slide 3. Our results in the third quarter demonstrate the Dow teams focus on managing the levers within our control. We are also making progress against our operational, financial, and strategic priorities that we laid out for the new Dow at our Investor Day last year. At that time, we presented a clear set of priorities and targets along with a playbook to drive our execution. Since then, we have been diligently delivering on that plan. In the third quarter, we achieved top line performance that was in line with our guidance and bottom line results that exceeded expectations. In doing so, we delivered strong improvements from Q2 to Q3 across the board, EBIT margin, earnings and free cash flow. Here are some other notable highlights from our results. First, we continued to capture demand growth, particularly in sectors closer to the consumer where conditions remain favorable, excluding hydrocarbons and energy, Dows volume rose by 1% in the quarter led by consumer growth and packaging, polyurethanes and silicones application. Second, we grew earnings and margin sequentially led by our plastics franchise. We leveraged our industry leading feedstock flexibility in the United States and Europe. In Europe, we capitalized on the LPG advantage versus naphtha. And on the U.S. Gulf Coast, we made full use of new butane capabilities that we put in place earlier this year. And we successfully achieved zero naphtha cracking this quarter, expanding our flexibility and avoiding and otherwise costly feedstock penalty. Additionally, we focused on recapturing price, a key improvement toward the end of the quarter in polyethylene. Third, we continued to drive down our cost structure. We reached a significant milestone in the quarter successfully completing our $1.365 billion cost synergy program. Furthermore, we removed another $40 million of stranded costs in the quarter. And fourth, our results this quarter showed the ability of Dows portfolio to generate strong cash flow. We generated $1.8 billion in cash flow from continuing operations and $1.3 billion in free cash flow. We improved our earnings to cash flow conversion as well as working capital improvements provided a source of cash. The cash flow story this quarter is a noteworthy highlight and Howard will unpack this later in the call. We accomplished all of this while navigating a business environment with limited visibility and while overcoming operational limitations in Argentina where both of our crackers were down through the third quarter following a countrywide power outage in late June. And finally, we made important progress and our litigation with Nova Chemicals and in our deleveraging priorities. In September, a judgment was entered in Alberta, Canada ordering Nova Chemicals to pay Dow approximately $1.1 billion. On October 10, Dow received the related cash payment of approximately $800 million. Subsequently, we issued a make whole call for the full redemption of $1.25 billion of notes due in 2021 further reducing debt. This was another important step forward in strengthening our financial profile. Altogether, our results demonstrate the strength of the Dow portfolio and our continued focus on executing the operational, financial and strategic playbook that we laid out a year ago. Now moving onto our segment results and the business performance in the quarter. On Slide 4, Packaging & Specialty Plastics expanded operating EBIT margin nearly 200 basis points year-over-year. Our results reflected demand growth in packaging applications, margin expansion, cost synergies and contributions from new capacity on the U.S. Gulf Coast, which more than offset lower equity earning. And notably on a sequential basis, EBIT grew 4% and operating EBIT margin expanded 100 basis points. Further, the results are particularly notable considering that the segment overcame a $100 million headwind from a combination of lost ethylene production and repair costs in Argentina. Our two crackers there are now back up and running. In the third quarter, we saw a continuation of solid demand in packaging application. The Packaging & Specialty Plastics business grew volume by 4% year-over-year. We again saw growth in industrial and consumer packaging, flexible food and specialty packaging and health and hygiene applications. Regionally, volume growth this quarter was led by Asia Pacific and EMEA. In Hydrocarbons & Energy, the business reported both lower volume and local price. The volume declines were an outcome of our drive for lighter feedslates in Europe, which led to lower whole product production volume. In addition, we had slightly lower merchant ethylene sales in the United States as a result of enhanced ethylene integration enabled by our new derivative capacity. On Slide 5, Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure operating EBIT declined versus the year ago period primarily due to margin compression in the polyurethanes component and MEG as well as lower demand in industrial end-markets. In Industrial Solutions, volume declined modestly as a result of lower demand in energy, agriculture and automotive end-markets. This was partly offset by growth in catalyst application and demand in pharma end-markets. The business reported a significant drop in its equity earnings driven by margin compression for MEG at our Kuwait joint ventures. Polyurethanes & Construction Chemicals sales declined on lower local pricing in all regions led by lower components prices. However, the business achieved volume growth driven by gains in the United States and Canada on improved MDI supply year-over-year as well as continued demand growth in polyurethane systems. Our growth in systems reflects the businesses focus on driving its downstream agenda and moving the portfolio from merchant component sales to higher value formulated systems. It has been a multiyear journey and the progress weve made so far has been impressive. This quarter marked the 25th consecutive quarter of year-over-year volume growth for the systems business. And finally on Slide 6. Performance Materials & Coatings operating EBITDA from the year ago period primarily due to siloxanes margin compression and lower demand in coatings and monomers. Consumer Solutions sales declined as volume gains in Asia Pacific and the U.S. and Canada. We are more than offset by local price declines in all region mainly driven by lower siloxanes prices. The business reported volume growth in infrastructure end-markets and improved demand for siloxanes in Asia Pacific. This was partly offset by soft demand in the automotive and consumer electronics end-markets. Coatings & Performance Monomers reported a volume decline. On the coating side, the business saw lower demand in the U.S. and Canada in architectural coating and soft demand in Asia Pacific in industrial coatings end-markets. Ill now turn it over to Howard to discuss financial performance in the quarter, modeling guidance and the progress that we made against some of our key financial targets.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, Jim, and good morning everyone. Turning to Slide 7. Net sales were $10.8 billion in line with our guidance. The decline was primarily driven by lower local pricing. Volume declined 2% year-over-year. This was largely driven by changes in hydrocarbons and energy related to our cracker feedslates combined with lower ethylene trade sales volume. Excluding Hydrocarbons & Energy, volume was up 1% versus a year ago period driven by growth in packaging, polyurethanes and silicones applications. Sequentially demand was higher in Packaging & Specialty Plastics and an Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure. Local price declined 12% primarily due to decreases in lower global energy prices year-over-year. Currency decreased sales by 1% as a result of the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the Euro. The earnings impact of currency was offset by year-over-year tailwinds from a lower tax rate and reduced interest expense. Equity losses were $44 million, a year-over-year headwind of nearly $180 million. The decrease was primarily due to lower results at the Kuwait joint ventures driven by margin compression in MEG and polyethylene. Equity losses at Sadara also increased primarily due to the impact of a third-party industrial gas supplier issue, which has since been resolved. In the appendix of our earnings deck, we have included our additional disclosure for our three principal joint ventures, which provides further details on their results. Overall operating EBIT was $1.1 billion. Tailwinds in the quarter included savings from cost synergies and stranded cost removal as well as contributions from new capacity on the U.S. Gulf Coast. These gains were more than offset by a year-over-year margin compression in siloxanes and isocyanates, lower equity earnings and the impact from the Argentina outage. On a sequential basis, operating EBIT rose 5% or nearly $60 million, representing our first sequential EBIT increase in more than a year. Our operating EBIT margin also expanded 80 basis points led by margin expansion in Packaging & Specialty Plastics. We generated $1.8 billion of cash from continuing operations, which reflected a reduced headwind from integration and separation spending and a $700 million release of cash from working capital. Relative to the year ago period, our cash from continuing operations was up $1.6 billion. But recall that we made a voluntary pension contribution last year of $1.1 billion. After adjusting for this, the underlying operations delivered a $500 million increase in cash flow versus the same quarter last year. And finally, we were turned $600 million to our owners in the quarter, including $500 million of paid dividends and $100 million of share repurchases. Since then, we have completed $400 million of share repurchases and we remain on track to achieve our target of $500 million for the year. Moving to Slide 8 and our modeling guidance for the fourth quarter. As we have for the past couple of quarters, we are again providing our segment guidance on a sequential basis to reflect the most relevant comparison in todays environment. At the total Dow level, we see four EBIT tailwind sequentially as headwinds from normal fourth quarter seasonality in coatings and infrastructure markets and modest impacts from turnarounds are offset by nearly $150 million of add-backs from onetime events in the third quarter, including the impact of our outage in Argentina. In Performance Materials & Coatings, we expect siloxanes pricing to remain at above the same level as we exited the third quarter. In coatings and monomers, we expect to see the normal seasonal reduction in profitability and the business will also absorb one third of the impact from our planned PDH turnaround that is currently underway. Moving to Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure, this segment will absorb the remainder of the PDH turnaround impact. And MEG prices on average are projected to be similar to the third quarter. And finally in the Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment, we see feedstock price trends continuing to drive the lighter cracker feedslates in the U.S. and Europe, which will continue to reduce our top line sales of co-products. We expect a modest sequential headwind as we complete a large turnaround in the Netherlands and we anticipate reduced catalyst and licensing earnings in the quarter, which by their nature are lumpy. On the positive side, our Argentina assets are now back online. So they will once again be positively contributing to our results. Turning to Slide 9, there are two areas where Id like to highlight the progress weve made against our financial targets. The first is our capital structure, specifically the de-leveraging and liability management weve done this year. As you recall from our Investor Day last year, we outlined our capital structure priorities and our deleveraging targets. And as you see on this slide, we have been delivering on our plan, making significant progress and improving and smoothing our debt maturity profile and maintaining our liquidity position. We have opportunistically refinanced upcoming maturities and we secure the option to extend the outstanding $2 billion on our term loan by an additional two years to the second half of 2023. So far this year, we have completed $2 billion of gross deleveraging and with our recent $1.25 billion debt redemption announcement, which was supported by the cash proceeds we received from Nova, we will complete more than $3 billion of gross deleveraging by the end of this year. The result of these actions is that we do not have a significant debt maturity due until 2022 and we have maintained our strong liquidity position, which is more than $10 billion. These accomplishments align to the financial priorities we outlined a year ago maintaining a strong capital structure, reducing risk, lowering interest expense, and preserving our financial strength and flexibility. Moving to Slide 10. The second financial highlight is the progress we have made in our cash flow generation and the potential we see to improve further from here. Looking at the trailing 12 months, we have delivered $3.2 billion of free cash flow. Our results do not yet fully reflect our underlying potential. The reason for this, as we highlighted at the start of the year, is that we have had short-term cash headwinds from two discrete factors, post-spin integration and separation activities and interest expense. On both fronts, peak spending is behind us. Through the third quarter, we have spent more than a $1 billion on integration and separation spending in 2019 and we expect a full year spend to be in the range of $1.2 billion in line with our target for the year. This spending is beginning to recede. And looking ahead, we expect the 2020 cash spend to be in the range of $200 million to $300 million for a year-over-year release of cash of about $1 billion. And on interest expense, as I highlighted, we have accomplished a substantial amount of deleveraging in liability management. This has put us in a position today where we see our 2020 run rate interest expense being a $100 million lower than where we started in 2019. These two factors alone represent more than $1 billion of cash flow uplift in 2020 that are completely within our control and independent of market conditions. We also continue to pursue non-operational cash inflows, notably the additional litigation we have pending with Nova and our teams continue to also focus on operational improvements such as greater working capital efficiency. These improvements will not only boost gross cash flow but should also lift our earnings to cash conversion. Our focus on cash is paying off and all other things equal, our free cash flow was poised to expand. This additional flexibility preserves our ability to deliver against our financial priorities, including our strong shareholder returns and further de-leveraging. Now, Id like to hand it back to Jim to discuss our progress and our cost and growth priorities as well as our near term outlook.
Jim Fitterling: Thanks, Howard. Turning to Slide 11. Ill start with our cost-out priority. The progress weve made on our cost reductions has been proceeding faster than we planned. In the third quarter, we successfully completed our $1.365 billion cost synergy program, which we finished about one to two quarters ahead of schedule. On the stranded cost removal side, we eliminated an additional $40 million and have already exceeded $125 million in cumulative savings. Just before our spin, we laid out a target to deliver $600 million of our remaining $800 million of cost energy savings and stranded costs removal in 2019. Based on the progress weve made through the third quarter, we now expect to deliver approximately $700 million of savings this year, with the remaining $100 million to be realized in the first half of 2020. The Dow team has done an excellent job in putting together a robust cost out plan that identifies, delivers and tracks these savings and they have kept at that focus for more than two years to ensure our steady delivery against our target. Turning to Slide 12 and perhaps what Im most proud of is that the Dow story has not only been about cost, but weve also continued to drive several high return growth projects. A year ago, we told you that the new Dow has a well-defined growth roadmap that includes a robust pipeline of attracted investment, projects that are lower risk, faster payback, lower capital intensity, and higher return on invested capital. As the macro environment changed, we quickly adjusted our capital spending target for the year to $2 billion and we intensified our criteria for approving and advancing projects. In the third quarter alone, we advanced several projects. We announced the retrofit of one of our crackers in Louisiana with our proprietary fluidized catalytic dehydrogenation technology to produce on-purpose propylene. We see the FCDh technology as a game changer for the industry. It promises reduced capital intensity, lower energy usage, and lower greenhouse gas emission. FCDh not only drives return on invested capital benefits, but it also advances our sustainability agenda when compared to all conventional PDH technologies. We launched Agility CE, a new resin made with 70% post consumer recycled plastics, which incorporates recycled plastic shrink film into low density polyethylene. We also announced two partnerships that showcase circular economy solutions for plastics. The Fuenix agreement allows Dow to incorporate recycled plastic waste back into our feedstock supply. And second, the UPM Biofuels technology enables plastic solutions made from bio-based renewable feedstock. Both solutions reduce carbon emissions without impacting the performance of our final products. In our silicones franchise, we continued to green light incremental debottlenecks. Through the third quarter, we have completed 14 of the 18 downstream capacity expansions that we planned for this year. We reached the final investment decision for our previously announced flexible alkoxylation capacity to support our customers growth in infrastructure and home and personal care end-markets. This U.S. Gulf Coast unit is expected to start up by the end of 2021. Furthermore, we recently signed a 10-year supply agreement with a key customer securing the base load volume for this facility, representing $900 million of new revenue over the life of the contract. And on the digital front, we launched a new Dow.com, featuring an expanded e-commerce platform. Year-to-date, we have already achieved nearly $3 billion of sales through this channel and were just getting started. These are just a few of the investments that we believe will fuel our growth, deliver productivity improvements, enhance customer experience, and further drive it toward our sustainability goals. Turning to our market outlook on Slide 13. As we look around the globe at key commodity products, our view is that in many cases the margin for high cost producers has essentially been bouncing around the breakeven point for at least the past two quarters. On this side, we showcase a few prime examples. In MEG, Asian spot spreads have been at or slightly below the breakeven point for most of the year and there have been reports over the past two quarters of high cost producers dialing back production. In MDI, we see spreads in Asia bouncing around the historic low point and in ethylene the high cost producer margins are thin and projected to go to zero, while the ethylene margin for producers in the Americas remains healthy. Our base case remains that the global economy will continue growing, albeit at a slower pace. In that scenario, based on historical spreads in our products chains, we see a floor to further margin deterioration and a good upside to normalized levels when fundamentals tighten. In this environment, Dow remains well-positioned, thanks to our competitive positions on the cost curve driven by our feedstock flexibility, our scale and significant presence in lower cost region such as Canada, Argentina, and the U.S. Gulf Coast. To sum it up on Slide 14. 2019 has been our year to successfully reintroduce more focused, more streamlined Dow, execute our playbook and showcase our financial and capital discipline. We believe the results of our actions will continue to show in our earnings, deliver enhanced cash flows and preserve our financial strength. As youve seen from us all year and especially in the third quarter, we are delivering as we promise. And as we look to the near term future, our mindset does not change. The current business environment demands discipline, and that is why we will continue to leverage our feedstock flexibility, advance our lower risk, higher return growth investments while staying in line with our $2 billion capital expenditure target this year and continued driving a best-in-class reduced cost structure by delivering the remaining stranded cost removal. In some steps that we are taking today positioned us well to leverage increased value when the industrial economy rebound. Now, Ill turn it back to Neal to open the Q&A.
Neal Sheorey: Thank you, Jim. With that, lets move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] We will take our first caller, David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead, sir.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. Jim, good job on the cost side. Just looking at Q4, what should we expect for incremental cost savings and stranded costs removals in Q4 versus Q3?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, David. Thanks. In Q4, I think youre going continue to see somewhere in the range of $65 million to $75 million come out in additional costs. Our stranded  our synergy program is done as we communicated. We had the $300 million target for stranded costs. We are at $125 million year-to-date. Youll see another $75 million approximately come out and then another $100 million in the first half of 2020. So I think thatll get us out of the stranded cost removals. And then as Howard mentioned, we also see about a $100 million lower interest expense next year because of the work that weve done on debt restructuring.
Operator: All right. Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. On slide 12, you talked about headwinds for the fourth quarter, which is the absence of a lumpy catalyst and licensing activity of $85 million, which was in Packaging & Specialty Plastics. So I take it, what that means is that in the quarter you just reported there was an $85 million benefit from licensing activity that was I guess a little bit unusual and your sundry income after you make the adjustments was up $100 million. What is that and does that flow through to the individual segments? And if it does, where does it go?
Jim Fitterling: Howard, do you want to touch on the polyethylene part? And then maybe we can also talk about whats happening with pricing and PE.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. I would say  so on the sundry income side, Jeff the third quarter was favorable, but that was really due to a certain improved forex hedging and that goes to each of the segments proportionally. It really wasnt a licensing and catalyst thing. On the licensing and catalyst, I would just say your description is not where I would go. I would say its the delta change from Q3 to Q4, were expecting to be $85 million. That was not the absolute number.
Jim Fitterling: And Jeff on the licensing, that was a Univation license that was granted, and I think thats the comment on the lumpy demand and so Univation still continues to license technology as people are continuing to build polyethylene capacity. I would say on PE, I think, the thing to take away for fourth quarter is that we ended $0.03 higher than the IHS integrated margin spreads in the third quarter and youve got ethane prices $0.18 roughly a gallon versus what everybody has expected to be greater than $0.40 a gallon. So I think as you look into fourth quarter with demand good, with inventories down in the third quarter and with that pricing outlook, I think, you should expect to see a decent plastics quarter.
Operator: Well next go to Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you and good morning everyone. Could you maybe talk a little bit about MDI and silicones and sort of what you think is going to happen through fourth quarter and into next year are we just going to bounce around these levels? Can MDI volume continue to compound at a mid-single digit rate or do we have to worry about that being a little bit lighter next year? Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: Thanks Vince. MDI and I would say siloxane versus silicones, MDI and siloxanes are bouncing around at pretty low levels, as you mentioned and I would expect them to stay in there. A little bit of term in the industrial side of the sector and in the auto side of the sector will put a pull there that would start to bring that back up, but havent seen that yet. With PMI really declining for the last four consecutive quarters, the big delta here is consumer has been really pulling all the volume growth and industrial hasnt yet. But I do think with inventories being low, I dont see any speculative activity out there and with downstream investments, like in our systems business downstream and our silicones business which are both continuing to hold up well thats going to create a pull on that supply demand balance. And with nothing new on the horizon, I think, youre going to see some steady improvement. We get a deal on trade if we get a phase one trade deal that obviously will be a tailwind. And I think the industry is poised right now for a little tailwind.
Operator: Next question will come from the line of Hassan Ahmed with Alembic Global.
Hassan Ahmed: Good morning Jim. Jim, a bit of an interesting sort of quarter. Obviously, we had this incident happen out in Saudi Arabia, which I would imagine limited feedstock supply to a variety of producers out there. And I would imagine Sadara as well. So could you comment on whether or not you guys saw any curtailments in feedstock supply? Has that normalized out in Sadara? And was there any Q3 negative impact from that? And any residual impact we should expect in Q4?
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks Hassan great question. We saw limited a reduction in feedstock supply. We were down about 20% for less than two weeks. So that wasnt the real drag on Sadara in the third quarter. The bigger drag was we had a industrial gas supplier that supplies into the complex that really had an outage that really costs us on the range of $25 million, $30 million on Sadara EBITDA. And I think thats the bigger impact. Sadara is running well right now. I dont see any long-term issue from that. And really good cooperation and response from Aramco, real solid response.
Operator: All right, next question will come from the line of Christopher Parkinson with Credit Suisse. 
Christopher Parkinson: Great, thank you. So when you just generally think about the Dow story and how its evolved since the initial spin up, what do you think are the two to three primary profit drivers as we enter 2020 is at synergy capture, cost run rates, facility downtime changes, changes in equity earnings? If you could just help us conceptualize the key puts and takes from your perspective over the next 12 months, it would be greatly appreciated. Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: Hi Chris. Its a good question. I think what we have tried to do in 2019 is to prepare ourselves and get ourselves on solid financial footing as a new company and I believe weve done that. We had to get the costs out, we had to get our balance sheet in the right space, we had to make sure that that industry leading dividend that we put out there was protected. And I believe that weve done that. I think weve positioned ourselves well for an upturn in the industrial economy. The consumer side of the business is doing great. And high return projects that weve got for growth are really playing into that. So we dont have a demand problem right now. Theres a little bit of supply demand imbalance that were working through on those commodities and thats driven primarily by a slower industrial economy. We see strong growth in Asia, so were up double digits out there. We see good growth around the world. And with a little rebound in the industrial economy, youre going to see a demand pull on the chain that we havent seen for four consecutive quarters. When that happens, I think, youre going to see margin expansion and things are going to start to move up. Oil, goes up a little bit and you see the industrial economy come back. That typically pulls oil price up. That would help too.
Howard Ungerleider: And Chris, this is Howard. I would just add everything that Jim talked about really sums it up into a cash story for next year. When you think about the lower interest expense that Jim talked about of $100 million, what I talked about in the prepared remarks of the billion dollars of cash coming out of restructuring costs, from 2019 into 2020, it really is a cash flow generation story as we head into next year.
Operator: Okay. Well take our next question from the line of Duffy Fischer with Barclays.
Duffy Fischer: Yes, good morning guys. Question just on the relative pricing of polyethylene in North America versus Asia, its been quite favorable, but with still a little bit more polyethylene to come online in the U.S. and us having to be a bigger net exporter going forward, do you see anything structurally changing in the relative price between North America and Asia?
Howard Ungerleider: I dont think youll see a dramatic change Duffy. I think demand in Asia has been good. We were up double digits in Asia Pacific. And I think were going to continue to see strong demand there. I think the supply demand in North America, inventories went down 3% at the end of third quarter, about 176 million pounds and price went up in September. So I think that tells you theres some underlying good demand pull thats out there. And I think were going continue to see that evolve that way.
Duffy Fischer: Great, thank you.
Operator: So well go to P. J. Juvekar with Citi.
P. J. Juvekar: Good morning Jim.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning.
P. J. Juvekar: Its amazing that you went to zero in naphtha. I assume thats more of a U.S. Gulf Coast comment. And assuming that can you discuss your feedstock changes in Europe? And then I guess my question is if more and more companies follow your lead and pick out naphtha, what is the outlook for global naphtha and does that sort of lower cost for Asian producers? Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: Good question PJ. Yes, the zero naphtha was the U.S. Gulf Coast component. And what that does is really it widens our feedstock flexibility. So it gives us another range of flexibility that we didnt have. And that was important this quarter because ethane was really low and also propane was low in the quarter. Propane being low meant we cracked pretty aggressively LPGs in Europe. And we think that well continue to do that through fourth quarter and first quarter in the next year. And sometimes in the winter time if gas prices tick up, you would see that might be limited a little bit. But the outlook for gas as we go into this winter and the inventories and the current prices, I mean, they were going to be cracking LPGs.  I dont know if the changes that we have on cracking zero naphtha in the Gulf Coast is going to have a big impact on naphtha cost to everyone else. I would say that in Asia, the naphtha crackers today are at about breakeven margins and theyve been there for the  especially the fourth quartile producers have been there for the last couple of quarters. So I think that pressure is going to continue even if naphtha goes down. Naphtha probably would move more based on what happens with the oil price.
Operator: All right. And well go next to Jonas Oxgaard with Bernstein.
Jonas Oxgaard: Hi good morning guys.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning Jonas.
Jonas Oxgaard: Im a little bit  good morning. Im a little confused by your comments about the strong demand in Asia. I think we had this discussion last quarter as well. When youre talking about strong demand youre talking about your own volumes not the industry as a whole, right. And as a follow-up, yes. Yes, go ahead.
Jim Fitterling: Go ahead.
Jonas Oxgaard: Well as a follow-up I mean you are low cost producers, so your volumes should always be strong no matter what, right. From what we can tell from the industry magazines, et cetera, like the demanding Asia is nothing great lately, well lately, I mean the last several months. So can you come a little bit about the difference between you and the market as a whole?
Jim Fitterling: I think the bulk of what were moving in Asia is in food and flexible packaging, and health and hygiene materials. We also move obviously some materials into Ag films and some other Industrial & Consumer Packaging. The Consumer Packaging is holding up fine, the Industrial has been a little bit slower. But our volumes, have been good, the consumer side has been a strong pull for us around the world. And it was a very strong quarter for us in Asia. And having said that even with that demand we saw prices up at the end of third quarter up $0.03 higher than the IHS integrated margin levels. So I think thats a combination of our own pricing activity, as well as our ability to capture the spreads by feedstock flexibility that weve got. Were continuing to add products to the line to expand that consumer side and to address some of the challenges on circular economy. So you saw Agility CE in there and weve got a host of other recycle-ready products and things for the consumer side of the business that we think are going to continue to drive demand.
Operator: All right. And our next question comes from the line of Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Dylan Campbell: Good morning. This is Dylan Campbell on for Bob. When I look at free cash flow, it was a very impressive quarter, particularly compared to, I guess the last several quarters or its about double that rate. Can you give a kind of just a bridge on what drove that strength this quarter relative to the last couple of quarters?
Jim Fitterling: Yes, good morning. I would say, we saw in the second quarter we also saw a couple, $200 million, $300 million improvement on an apples-to-apples basis despite lower earnings. I would say this quarter, what drove the big $500 million beat and Im looking at apples-to-apples, so Im taking out the voluntary pension contribution that we made last year because if you do it on a purely reported basis, we were up 1.6. But on a plus $500 million basis, it really was working capital release. So weve got everybody on the team really focused on improving working capital. That was the primary. And then the secondary was really the lower restructuring and spinout spending that we were talking about. But thats going to lead into the billion dollar release 2020 versus 2019. Those are the two big components.
Operator: All right. And next well go to Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets. 
Arun Viswanathan: Hey guys. Good morning. Just a couple of questions around cash flow uses of cash flow. Could you rank order your usage of cash flow, I guess here? And maybe within the context of the recent Nova settlement as well as maybe within the context of your margin outlook, it looks like you had really strong performance on margins this quarter. But just curious on if thats gone much lower just given the polyethylene outlook, how youd allocate cash? Thanks.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes so on the uses of cash this year on a full year basis you are looking at about a $1.5 billion on cash tax and interest expense, you are looking at $2 billion on CapEx, about $1.2 billion on restructuring and then the dividend of $2 billion and $0.5 billion on Sadara. And thats kind of the makeup of the key pieces that get you on the uses of cash. Relative to the Nova proceed you saw that we announced right after within a two or three days of receiving the cash we did the make whole call on the $1.25 billion worth of bonds. So that just helps us continue to improve our maturity profile and smooth it out. And it obviously will also help lower the interest expense going into next year.
Operator: And next well go to John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: Thank you. Do you think your coatings-related volumes were down more than the end coatings markets this quarter, or in line? And I think that was one of the businesses flagged for potential, strategic review, because it was one of the most significant underperformers over the past couple of years.
Jim Fitterling: I think John it was in line with architectural coatings demand. And I would say the one other thing I would throw in there is there have been a couple of customers in architectural coatings that have taken a little bit of business captive. So that has been a bit of a drag on it. The other thing is that industrial coatings demand has been down. And we had a fair amount of industrial coatings business in China and that China industrial demand has been down. But thats, I think, in line with the rest of the market. Were continuing to work on the coatings business in terms of the business model. So youll see that I talked about on the call weve got a new dow.com portal out there. One of the things were going to be doing in coatings is taking advantage of that e-commerce capability to try to broaden out our reach into that market segment. And thats going to help us fill up some assets and get more of that coatings volume.
Operator: All right, your next question comes from the line of Steve Byrne with Bank of America.
Steve Byrne: Yes, thank you. Howard, you mentioned that $0.5 billion to Sadara this year, just wanted to get your outlook for 2020. And then if I could you mentioned this $1.4 billion cost synergy, cost synergy program and is now complete. That program was conceptualized a couple of years ago. What do you think of that now? Is there more opportunity in actual synergies or are you assessing productivity opportunities given some of the sluggish and markets?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, look on Sadara I would say one of the things that were working on with our partner Saudi Aramco is achieving project completion. Weve got one last step, which is finalizing a rail agreement with the Saudi rail authority in Sadara. Thats in its final stages. Our plan right now and Ill be in the kingdom, in the next couple of weeks, our plan right now is to get PCB done before the end of the year. And then well be looking at negotiating with the lenders on re-profiling the debt. But I would say for modeling purposes, Steve, I would just use another $500 million next year. And then well have more to say as we get that refinancing done. Jim do you want to talk about productivity for next year, you might take it.
Jim Fitterling: Yes, I think were always looking at productivity gains that we can make. Weve hit our benchmark targets in terms of cost, and structure and head count that weve been trying to achieve. Were working on trying to get more productivity out of working capital, were working on trying to get more productivity out of our maintenance dollars. Weve done a lot on the digital aspect and what we can do with digital technology there. Those are both going to be important. And weve done $3 billion year-to-date on our eCommerce platform. Were looking to that for some growth and productivity, as we move forward.
Operator: All right, next well go to Matthew Blair with Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Matthew Blair: Hey, good morning everyone. I thought the results in II&I were pretty good with the quarter-over-quarter improvement despite some pretty tough conditions in MEG, as well as Asia MDI. I think you also called out that industrial gas supplier outage too. Could you just walk through what got better in II&I in Q3 2019 verses Q2 2019? Thanks.
Jim Fitterling: Hi, Matthew. We had a turnaround in Q2 that really brought things down and so that we did not have that turnaround expense in Q3. Otherwise, I would say the business volumes and the quality of the business has been good. The real drag on II&I in third quarter was equity earnings from the Kuwait joint ventures and that was because of the margin spreads on MEG. Kuwait still a low cost producer for MEG and making good returns, but we havent seen any demand pull to really bring that margin spread up on MEG. When that comes, I think, youll see the real quality of III show through.
Operator: All right. Your next question comes from the line of Frank Mitsch with Fermium Research.
Aziza Gazieva: Hi guys. Its Aziza on for Frank. Looking back at the ways to incremental capacity additions you presented back during the Pre-Spin meeting, I was curious to get your latest thoughts on the project with particular interest on the 600 KTA PE expansion on the U.S. Gulf coast. Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: Those projects are still under underway. I think the 600 KTA solution PE capacity will continue to go ahead. We mentioned that. Were going to take a look at the 450 KTA European expansion. I think, with the demand right now in Europe and with the market outlook, we dont see a reason to push that forward to any final investment decisions right now. Everything else on that list that we put forward is underway and on the timeline that we put forward. And were continuing to look at some additional things like oxalates flexible capacity that we announced on the call today.
Operator: Next well go to Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners. 
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, good morning. Jim I thought you had an impressive results in Packaging and Specialty Plastics, not withstanding some pretty weak industry volumes for polyethylene. So I want to ask you about the latter going back to your Investor Day, you had assessed polyethylene demand growth rate at 1.4 times GDP. Year-to-date it looks meaningfully negative in North America, versus a growing economy. So can you speak to why thats happening? Do you see it as temporary or more lasting in nature? And will it have an effect on new capital investment in capacity across the industry?
Jim Fitterling: I think a lot of what happened, Kevin as a new capacities came up is you saw some inventories build up and some product move out there. The demand obviously with industrial slowing down on the industrial side has been a little bit slower than what we had anticipated. The consumer side has been continuing to perform well. And so I think with some of the pressures that are on in that industrial side, thats really been the thing that slowed the overall growth. And you are coming off a very, very strong 2018 and so I think youre going to continue to see that theres good balance in the supply demand going forward. I dont think theres any reason to think theres been a fundamental change in the 1.4 times GDP. Our outlook for GDP next year is still around 3% globally. And so, I believe that youre going to continue to see about 4% and 4.5% type of growth rates out of polyethylene.
Operator: And next well go to Jim Sheehan with SunTrust.
Jim Sheehan: Great. Thank you. Can you comment on the supply demand balance in silicones? Do you see that market is balanced right now? And do you expect capacity additions in 2020 to change that balance much?
Jim Fitterling: Yes, if I can Jim, I would just say on siloxanes, I think, thats where the length and the market is today and the siloxane upstream materials. On the silicones downstream the supply demand balance is still fairly tight and theres a lot of growth in those downstream applications to continue. But on the upstream side when you get into areas of big volume use like, for example, large commercial buildings, big industrial build, some of that has slowed down and taken a little bit of pressure off of siloxanes. Theres no new capacity coming on in siloxanes. Were working off a lot of capacity that got added in China over the last couple of years. And I think theres nothing on the horizon for the next two or three years in the siloxane space. So it should continue to tighten from here. If the industrial economy picks up a bit, and building construction picks up a bit, I think, youll see that will tighten things up. 
Jim Sheehan: Thank you.
Operator: And well take our last question from Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander: Good morning. With respect to the investments in the circular economy and the discussions around various types of recycled waste inputs is that part of the industry mature enough for you to benchmark whether the returns on capital or the appeal of the projects is competitive or advantaged or disadvantaged against conventional petrochemical investments, or is it still basically a subsidized research project?
Jim Fitterling: Good morning Lawrence. Let me approach it this way, I think the real thing thats changed here is youre starting to get a sense that the pressure on the consumer goods companies from the consumers would indicate theres probably a change in peoples willingness to pay for a more recyclable or sustainable product. And so I think that is probably the more important question than the cost of this versus virgin plastics from virgin natural gas liquids or another feed stock. If it was more competitive, that would have already been done. But the reality is there are pressures out there, and there are demands to go to a circular economy and there seems to be a growing consumer base thats willing to pay for that. Now we just have to work out what the value chain looks like. The second thing, on the consumer side is we have a waste problem, which none of us have our heads in the sand about. We have a plastic waste issue that needs to be resolved. And in order to drive that circular economy, weve got to come up with a way to value the plastic waste so that it can come back into that feed stock supply. And thats probably the bigger challenge. I think we will come up with a way to do it. I think everybody in the value chain, thats part of the alliance that weve put together, is trying to figure that out. But thats going to require some time and some things for us to work through. Meanwhile, the size of these projects that Im talking about are going to help us learn more about what the cost positions are, are going to help us learn more about what the customer acceptance is going to be for these products and what the price point for that will be. And I think in another year or so Ill have a better answer for you on what the relative values are.
Neal Sheorey: Okay. Thank you, Jim. That concludes the Q&A. Thank you everyone for joining our call. We appreciate your interest in Dow. For your reference a copy of our transcript will be posted on Dows website later today. This concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: And once again, that does conclude todays conference. We thank everyone for their participation.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-25 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Dow Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Also today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Neal Sheorey. Please go ahead, sir. 
Neal Sheorey: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us to discuss the second quarter financial results for Dow. We're making this call available via webcast, and we have prepared slides to supplement our comments during this conference call. They are posted on the Investor Relations section of Dow's website and through the link to our webcast. 
 Speaking on the call today are Jim Fitterling, Dow's Chief Executive Officer; and Howard Ungerleider, President and Chief Financial Officer.
 Please read the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the earnings news release and slides. During our call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations or predictions about the future. Because these statements are based on current assumptions and factors that involve risks and uncertainties, our actual performance and results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Dow's Form 10 as well as our Forms 10-Q and 10-K include detailed discussions of principal risks and uncertainties which may cause such differences.
 Unless otherwise specified, all historical financial measures presented today are on a pro forma basis. And all financials, where applicable, exclude significant items. We'll also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in the Dow earnings release, in the slides that supplement our comments today and on the Dow website.
 On Slide 2, you'll see our agenda for the call. Jim will start with an overview of Dow's second quarter performance and highlights. Howard will then move into a financial overview of the quarter and will also provide some comments on modeling guidance. Jim will then cover the results for each of our operating segments, and we'll close with a discussion on our forward-looking view. Following that, there would be plenty of time for your questions. 
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim. 
James Fitterling: Thanks, Neal, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. 
 Starting on Slide 3. Our performance in the second quarter reflected the benefits of Dow's streamlined and more focused portfolio and our disciplined operational and financial management. It was a quarter that proved to be more challenging than many of us in the industry expected, and you've heard this from many of our peers in the past few weeks. In spite of this, the Dow team was able to deliver top and bottom line results that were in line with our guidance and consensus estimates. And despite the macro and end market volatility, we achieved core earnings growth sequentially when adjusting for our previously communicated higher planned turnaround spending in the quarter.
 Our second quarter results were enabled by proactive and deliberate action. First, we captured demand growth in select consumer markets where the conditions have remained strong. For example, we grew volume in plastic packaging applications both sequentially and year-over-year, supported by our new capacity on the U.S. Gulf Coast. And in our polyurethane systems business, we grew our volume year-over-year for the 24th consecutive quarter.
 Second, we made full use of our industry-leading feedstock flexibility. Favorable NGL feedstock trends helped us expand operating EBITDA margin in the P&SP segment as we utilized our ethane flexibility in the U.S. and our LPG capabilities in Europe. 
 Third, we continued to drive expense management. In addition to reduced discretionary spending, we delivered more than $175 million savings from cost synergies and stranded cost removal. You can see this traction in our numbers. In the second quarter alone, we drove $75 million of year-over-year savings in our combined SG&A and R&D. We've now delivered more than $1.1 billion of cumulative cost synergy savings since merger close and remain well on track to deliver the $600 million of synergy and stranded cost savings that we targeted this year.
 Fourth, we quickly put in place actions to further tighten our capital spending in the quarter. Not only was the second quarter CapEx spending below last year, but our first half spending was below trend relative to our full year target. We are taking additional actions to reduce Capex, which I'll cover later in the call.
 And fifth, we continued our focus on cash as we generated higher cash flow from operating activities and improved our cash conversion in the quarter. Part of our improvement was driven by a decrease in integration and separation cost outlays, which will continue to be a tailwind going forward. We remain on track to reduce this cash spending by $200 million to $400 million versus 2018.
 Taken together, this is a solid result by the Dow team, and it underscores our ability to adapt as market conditions evolve. Going forward, we will continue to take prudent actions to manage near-term macroeconomic challenges while preserving our long-term competitive advantages. I'll share more about our plans in my closing remarks. 
 I'll now turn it over to Howard to discuss our overall financial performance and modeling guidance. 
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, Jim. 
 Turning to Slide 4. Net sales were $11 billion, in line with our guidance. The decline was driven primarily by lower local pricing in polyethylene, siloxanes and isocyanates as well as lower sales of hydrocarbon co-products due to lighter feedslates in both the U.S. and Europe. Volume declined 3% year-over-year driven primarily by lower hydrocarbon co-product sales due to higher internal ethylene consumption from the startup of new downstream assets and our cracker feedstock selection. A notable volume highlight is our growth in the Packaging & Specialty Plastics business, which was up 3% year-over-year.
 Local price was down 9%, and currency decreased sales 2% primarily driven by a stronger U.S. dollar against the euro. Equity losses were $15 million primarily driven by margin compression in MEG and polyethylene at the Kuwait joint ventures as well as margin compression in isocyanates at Sadara. 
 Operating EBIT for the quarter was $1.1 billion, and EPS was $0.86, in line with consensus estimates. The key earnings tailwinds in the quarter were volume gains in packaging applications, PU systems and isocyanates, contributions from new capacity in the U.S. Gulf Coast and savings from cost synergies and stranded cost removal. These gains were more than offset by margin compression in our key value chains which impacted both our core business results and our JV equity earnings.
 Turning to our cash metrics. We generated nearly $1 billion of cash flow from operating activities in the quarter, an increase of $200 million year-over-year. And we also continued to improve our EBITDA to cash flow from operations conversion, which rose to more than 50%. 
 And finally, we returned $800 million to our owners in the quarter including $500 million of paid dividends and $300 million of share repurchases. As you may recall, we set a target of $500 million of share repurchases for the year, and we remain on pace to achieve that.
 Now let's look at our principal joint ventures on Slide 5. Equity losses for the quarter were $15 million primarily driven by margin compression in MEG and polyethylene at the Kuwait joint ventures, reduced cracker and polyethylene margins at our Thai JVs and margin compression in isocyanates at the Sadara joint venture. 
 With regard to Sadara, as we have discussed before, one of the key items we are working on is receiving certification for passing the lender reliability test, the key milestone required for the JV parent to be released from the guarantees of Sadara's debt financing. The process to receive the certification typically takes 6 to 9 months, and we're progressing on that timeline. We have made good progress thus far and have essentially isolated the last gating item to a logistics services agreement. We are in active discussions with our partner, the JV and the lending syndicate to resolve this issue. Based on the progress to date, we are on track to formally receive certification in the second half of this year.
 Moving to Slide 6 and our modeling guidance for the third quarter. As usual, we are providing specific guidance for our top line revenue expectations as well as several items below the EBIT line. With regard to our segment expectations, we are providing our guidance on a sequential basis in response to investor feedback and to reflect the most relevant comparison in today's environment.
 At the total Dow level, we expect EBIT tailwinds sequentially including more than $40 million from cost synergy savings and stranded cost removal as well as more than $50 million of lower planned maintenance spending as these costs peaked in the second quarter. However, these gains are temporarily offset by a couple of third-party outages that are impacting our operations in the third quarter.
 In Performance Materials & Coatings, we see siloxanes pricing in the third quarter remaining about at the same level as we exited the second quarter, which means that third quarter average pricing will be down sequentially. On the positive side, our formulated silicones demand and margins continue to hold up very well, showcasing the resiliency in our differentiated businesses that are closer to the consumer.
 Moving to the Industrial Intermediates and Infrastructure segment. From a pricing perspective, current forecasts estimate MDI prices to trend relatively flat with the second quarter levels. And MEG prices, on average, are projected to soften on a sequential basis. As such, we expect equity earnings results to be lower than the second quarter due to these factors. Additionally, Sadara's operations are being negatively impacted by the reliability of a third-party industrial gas supplier which is limiting production in JV's polyurethane chain. The supplier is actively addressing the issues, and the JV currently expects to ramp to normal operations by the middle of the quarter. Sadara currently estimates this limitation to have a $20 million impact to Dow's equity earnings in the quarter.
 And finally, in the Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment, we expect robust packaging demand to continue. We see feedstock price trends continuing to drive lighter cracker feedslates in the U.S. and Europe which will further reduce our top line sales of co-products. From an industry supply-demand perspective, new ethylene capacity that is expected to come online in the U.S. will likely put some upward pressure on the ethane prices. The segment will be impacted by a planned cracker maintenance turnaround in the Netherlands as well as an issue that we're dealing with in Argentina.
 Late in the second quarter, there was a significant countrywide power outage in Argentina which also spread to neighboring countries. The power outage abruptly shut down our ethylene operations. We have teams on the ground assessing the damage and beginning repairs. And our best estimate today is that the facility will be offline for at least the entire third quarter and is expected to have approximately $100 million impact on our results. 
 I'll now turn it back to Jim to cover the performance in our segments as well as our near-term outlook. 
James Fitterling: Thanks, Howard. 
 On Slide 7, Performance Materials & Coatings operating EBIT was $214 million, down 27% from the year ago period primarily driven by siloxane's margin compression, higher planned turnaround spending and Performance Monomers shipping restrictions from our Deer Park, Texas location due to a tank farm fire at a third-party facility, which we highlighted in our modeling guidance on the last earnings call.
 Consumer Solutions sales declined as price and volume gains in the U.S. and Canada were more than offset by price declines in Asia Pacific and EMEAI and volume declines in EMEAI and Latin America. The decline year-over-year primarily reflects lower demand in automotive and consumer electronics end markets. 
 Coatings & Performance Monomers sales declined primarily due to lower volumes and local price. In addition to the Performance Monomers' shipping restrictions in Deer Park, the business was also impacted by wet weather that drove a delay in seasonal demand for coatings application in the United States and Europe.
 On Slide 8, Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure operating EBIT was $154 million, down from the year ago period due to local price and volume declines and margin compressions in isocyanates and MEG that impacted both our core business and joint venture results. Polyurethanes & Construction Chemicals sales declined on lower isocyanates pricing and currency headwinds in Europe. Volume gains in isocyanates and systems applications were offset by declines in polyols, propylene oxide and propylene glycol. 
 Industrial Solutions reported lower sales due to declines in local volume and price. Demand and growth in Asia Pacific and Latin America was more than offset by volume declines in the U.S. and Canada and EMEAI driven by softer demand in agriculture, automotive and electronics end markets as well as reduced supply due to planned maintenance turnaround. Equity losses for the segment were $78 million driven by margin compression at the Kuwait and Sadara joint ventures.
 On Slide 9. Operating EBITDA for the Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment was $768 million, down 17% from the year ago period. Margin compression in polyethylene products and reduced equity earnings more than offset demand growth for packaging applications, benefits from new capacity on the U.S. Gulf Coast and cost synergy savings. Equity earnings for the segment were $74 million, down from the year-ago period based on lower earnings from the Kuwait joint ventures. 
 The Packaging & Specialty Plastics business reported lower net sales due to reduced polyethylene product prices and currency headwinds. However, the business achieved 3% volume growth led by a double-digit gain in Asia Pacific and increases in EMEAI. From an end market perspective, growth was led by industrial and consumer packaging and health and hygiene applications. 
 And in Hydrocarbons & Energy, sales declined on both lower volume and local price. The volume decline was primarily driven by increased internal ethylene consumption and our feedstock selection as well as a planned turnaround in Germany which led to a further reduction in hydrocarbon co-product sales.
 Let's now turn to Slide 10, where I'll close with our near-term outlook. In light of the current market dynamics, we're taking several actions to continue to manage the operational levers within our control. First, the macro environment is cautious largely driven by geopolitical volatility and prolonged trade negotiations which continue today. The net result is the continuation of a short-term buying pattern and decreased visibility along value chain. Bottom line, today, we still see the global economy expanding, but the pace of growth is slower particularly in Europe and in China. The U.S. remains fairly robust in consumer nondurable sectors. However, spending on big-ticket items like home builds, autos, durable goods and consumer electronics remains tepid globally. And we're closely watching consumer confidence measures which showed some softness during the second quarter.
 Second, pricing in our intermediates are expected to continue to move sideways in the near term as a result of the business environment. You will recall that prices dropped in the fourth quarter of 2018 on a rapid destocking across our product chain plus a sharp decline in oil. Prices settled in the first quarter of 2019, and we saw a positive signs going into the second quarter, but those trends reversed as macro uncertainties escalated. While we're not counting on any immediate trade resolutions, we are still of the view that a path forward on that front can be a catalyst for improved market sentiment and a return to more normalized supply chains and buying patterns. 
 Third, feedstock trends have improved. Since our last earnings call, ethane prices in the U.S. continued to decline, and today, the forward curve has moved lower. We believe that ethane prices could rise modestly going forward as frac spreads are near 0 today. And we expect new ethylene demand coming online. But we continue to see a much more subdued price trajectory and a much lower probability of any ethane spike.
 In Europe, LPG continues to be favored versus naphtha. This is important for Dow as we have industry-leading LPG flexibility in Europe with the capability to produce up to 60% of our ethylene from LPG. And as you would expect, throughout the second quarter and today, we have been utilizing this flexibility. In short, these feedstock trends play to Dow's flexibility strength, and they represent another operational lever that we continue to manage closely as we see opportunities.
 Turning to Slide 11. Against this backdrop of macro and market trends, we have a clear execution plan moving forward. First, we will continue to leverage the strengths of our business model, and that includes benefiting from our feedstock flexibility, continuing to manage our margins and pushing for pricing recovery. 
 Second, we will keep prioritizing cost control. We have more cost synergy savings and stranded cost removal to accomplish, and we have a clear line of sight to get to it. We will also keep a tight lid on discretionary spending.
 Third, with the softness we see in our intermediates pricing, we need to continue selling up and optimizing our product wheel. That means staying focused on driving more captive use of our intermediates into higher value add products such as coatings and silicones formulations and PU systems. 
 And finally, on our investments, we are reducing our 2019 CapEx target from $2.5 billion to $2 billion. This is the prudent action to take as it gives us time to slow down some investments that require more market visibility while maintaining our asset base, improving reliability and preserving our ability to invest in quick win, incremental expansions to deliver value growth even in the current business environment.
 In our view, this is not the time to invest in a major greenfield project. Here are a few examples of the actions that we are taking. We have decided to postpone the advancement of our feasibility study for a new world-scale siloxanes plant as we have more near-term value creating, de-bottleneck opportunities to pursue. Building on that point, we continue to greenlight incremental de-bottlenecks in our silicones franchise. Year-to-date, we have completed 5 of the 18 downstream silicones capacity expansions that we have on deck for 2019. We recently agreed to acquire our partner's stake in our Thai HPPO joint venture for a net cash outlay of approximately $150 million. This transaction is expected to close later this year and will be immediately accretive to our ROIC. 
 After a detailed analysis of project returns and future demand growth, we have decided to postpone our planned 450,000-ton polyolefins expansion in Europe. 
 And we will continue to push forward select process innovations, especially those that move us down the cost curve, reduce capital intensity and lower greenhouse gas emissions. This is something in Dow's wheelhouse. Catalyst and process technology developments have historically represented hallmark investments for Dow and the industry. These near-term actions reflect our financial discipline and returns-oriented mindset. And they preserve the advantages that serve us well over the longer term. Our purpose-built portfolio and leading business positions, our leaner cost structure and our suite of incremental high return growth investments, these factors will continue to differentiate Dow and drive our earnings growth trajectory.
 In closing, we delivered a solid second quarter results in a tough environment. Going forward, you can continue to count on the Dow team to remain focused on driving a leaner cost structure, running our assets efficiently, optimizing the value of our integration, growing our differentiated positions and continuing to be disciplined capital and resource allocators. 
 Now I'll turn it back to Neal to open the Q&A. 
Neal Sheorey: Thank you, Jim. With that, let's move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question today will come from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. 
Vincent Andrews: Wondering if you could just sort of give us an update on where your views are on polyethylene supply and demand sort of not just for the back half of this year but maybe into 2020 and 2021. There seems to be a lot of debate out there, again, over exactly how much supply is going to come not just in the U.S. but also in the rest of the world, whether China or parts of Eastern Europe. So your updated thoughts there would be very helpful. 
James Fitterling: Vince, yes, on polyethylene, operating rates and supply-demand balances, our view is that we've kind of been in a plateau here of about 87%, 88% operating rates in polyethylene globally. And I think we're going to continue to see that extend out over the next couple of years. Mainly, we went back and took a look at what's happened with projections on capacity adds since back to 2007. And when you look at that whole track record of what's reported versus what actually happened, there were 64 projects that were supposed to start up in 2019 or beyond. Only 18 of those could be tied back to that original forecast. And 13 of the 18 were supposed to come online already, and every single 1 of them has been pushed back from its original start date. So I think some of these projections, whether it's about ethane prices spiking at the back half of the year or whether it's about plummeting operating rates, are a little bit tough to understand. The market's growth is there. We had good growth in the quarter. We had double-digit growth in China both in polyethylene and in downstream silicones. So the market demand growth is there. And I think that the biggest issue really in the integrated chain has to do more with the ethylene supply-demand balances, and that's because everybody in the U.S. has been integrating and so that merge in ethylene has driven some of the margin out of the U.S. ethylene integrated margins. 
Operator: And next, we move to David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. 
David Begleiter: Jim, Howard, just on the Q3 guidance, looking at Slide 6, you called out headwinds of roughly $270 million, tailwinds of $90 million, so I guess a net $180 million headwind. What other headwinds, tailwinds do you see from the base business in Q3 versus Q2? 
James Fitterling: I'll take a shot and then ask Howard to comment because I think there are 2 sides on this thing. I think you've got the headwinds and tailwinds in there. I mean, we see pricing moving sideways basically in the third quarter. I would say with 1 exception, I expect siloxanes in Asia Pacific, because of where we ended the quarter, that would have been an averaging effect in the third quarter. So that may have a little bit of downward pressure on siloxanes. The rest of silicones is holding up well. And the headwinds part is really heavily influenced by Argentina and the issues that Howard mentioned on the quote. So obviously, we're going to do everything we can to try to get back as soon as we can, but still, it's going to be the quarter to make those repairs, and our estimate there is $100 million. 
 Howard, any other on the financial side that you've got? 
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. David, I would say just when you look at that slide, it's pretty balanced between the headwinds and the tailwinds. So you referenced and Jim talked about the $100 million in Argentina and the $20 million I talked about on the call in the prepared remarks on Sadara. And you got $90 million of lower turnarounds -- lower planned turnaround spending sequentially and the cost synergies coming out. So minus $90 million plus $120 million, it's kind of a balanced approach. 
James Fitterling: And then we had an increase in cash from operating activities in the quarter, so that was up $200 million year-over-year. And we continue to come off of those integration expenses. We've got a lot of integration projects and separation projects, actually, that wind up third quarter, fourth quarter. So that sets us up nice for 2020. And we expect the year-over-year decline in those separation costs of about $1 billion next year. 
Operator: And next we'll move on to Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Some consultants think that polyethylene prices in June were down $0.03 a pound because of unofficial discounts. And other consultants think that prices were flat. Which do you think is more accurate representation of the June domestic polyethylene market? And then secondly, CP Chem is buying Nova Chemical. Did you guys bid for that? 
James Fitterling: Jeff, our view on polyethylene prices is they were flat in June. And I expect they'll continue to move sideways here into the third quarter. 
 Regarding Nova, our only discussions with Nova obviously are around settling the issue we've got with them over the E3 cracker, so we had no other discussions with them. 
Operator: And next we'll move to Christopher Parkinson with Crdit Suisse. 
Christopher Parkinson: When you return your comments last year regarding the flat margin benefits in isocyanates, siloxanes, et cetera, that would act as '19 headwinds, can you quickly revisit your quantitative assumptions in this calculations and just give us an update on where we stand today given the initial magnitude? Just any thoughts would be helpful. 
James Fitterling: Yes. At the time, we saw a step-down obviously in China based on new capacity that came on in China in the siloxanes area. And so we saw that move down. And our view obviously is we were going to continue to invest downstream to convert more of our own siloxanes into finished materials. It's a little bit worse than we had forecasted at the time, and it's lasted a little bit longer than we had expected. But otherwise, everything else is on track. And the growth on the downstream silicones is on track. We had double-digit growth in China in the quarter. We had good growth around the world. So you see consumer markets like health and beauty care, you see large commercial, residential -- or large commercial buildings like skyscrapers and things, those continue to move forward. Some softness obviously in  applications that go into electronics and auto. But all else remains on track. 
Operator: And we'll move on to P.J. Juvekar with Citi. 
P.J. Juvekar: Can you talk about your feedstock slate into the crackers? You talked about ethane supply-demand. But looks like butane was the cheapest feedstock by almost $0.06 compared to ethane on a COE basis. So how much butane can you push into the crackers in the Gulf Coast? 
 And then secondly, on polyethylene, we have had destocking since second half of last year. So where do you think inventories stand today relative to normal? And if you can address U.S. and China there, that would be great. 
James Fitterling: Yes. So butane was the cheapest, and we maxed as much butane as we could. In fact, in the quarter, we brought on a butane vaporizer in Louisiana to help us increase the amount of butane that we can put in there. So we continue to look at places where we can do that. It's a function of both how much butane can you get at a location and then how much can you vaporize to move into the cracker. So we'll continue to do that. 
 The other big move, obviously, recently, has been propane. So propane-naphtha spreads have widened. And we've been cracking some propane in the fleet as well, propane, ethane. Ethane had been favored most the second quarter, but just here recently, propane actually moved into the money, so we moved in a little bit there. Look, all the investments we've made over the last 5 years were not just growth oriented, they were also to expand our NGL capability and expand our flexibility, and that's paying off. And the propane trend that I mentioned really has a big impact on Europe. So we've been back to maxing LPG cracking in Europe for most of the year. 
 I would say I think the rest of the balance is on destocking, inventories are coming down, working capital is coming down. I think people are being a little bit more hand to mouth in their purchases. People are not being very speculative. And so we see that. I don't think that there's been any dramatic increase in any inventories in any part of the world. 
Operator: And next we'll move to John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets. 
John McNulty: So Jim, I mean it looks like the macro is certainly moderating. Maybe we're not in the global recession yet, but I guess how do you think about stress testing your model around cash flows and earnings if we do slip into some sort of a recession at this point given the pressures you've already been facing? 
James Fitterling: Right. Let me just talk about the market macros first, and then I'll have Howard then make a few comments on stress testing because it will tie back to what we talked about on last call about the work that we did on setting up the new Dow. I think the market is really kind of 2 different markets right now. So if you look at it geographically, China and Europe are having some big pressure right now more so than the U.S. So the U.S. economy is holding up relatively better. However, if you look at it from a market standpoint, automotive is down from last year. Last year was obviously a peak year for global light vehicle production, and we are down and those forecasts have continued to be revised down for the year. That has a lot of direct impact, but then it has an awful lot of indirect impact on content that hits our industry. Electronics are down, so it's the seventh consecutive month we've seen a contraction in new orders for electronics. That hasn't been that way since 2012. Home builds, the sentiment around Architectural Billing Index (sic) [ Architecture Billings Index ] is down about 400 basis points year-over-year. And durable goods have been down 3 of the last 4 months. And to me, this is the confidence factor in the market. And we typically see when people are concerned about the outlook, individual consumers, they tighten up on big-ticket purchases, and so that's reflected. The consumer nondurable side, health and beauty care, packaging purchases, things that people do every day, go out to eat, these kind of things, those number -- retail numbers are looking pretty good. And packaging silicone formulations, coatings formulations, PU systems, that's holding up pretty well. So I don't think we're in a recession. It doesn't feel like we're in a recession. I do think a trade resolution would bring some confidence back into people and brighten the outlook. And confidence is huge in these markets. 
 Howard, may be just a little recon on cash and the focus on cash which we did this quarter to make sure that we are generating good operating activity cash flow. 
Howard Ungerleider: You bet. I would say on cash flow, our cash from operating activities was up $200 million even though earnings were down versus a year ago. On an apples-to-apples basis, you have to adjust for the AR securitization, and on apples-to-apples basis, it was flat. So we generated flat cash from ops. Even though earnings were down, we generated almost $1 billion of cash flow from operating activities. 
 To your stress test point, if you just -- look, if you take the first half based on your moderating point, John, you take the first half EBITDA and then annualize it, you're looking at about a $7.5 billion annual run rate. You subtract out interest and taxes of about $1.5 billion, you're at $6 billion. You heard the guidance that Jim gave on the call of lowering CapEx from $2.5 billion to $2 billion, so now you're at $4 billion. We guided to $1 billion of integration and separation costs this year because of the separation and the spinout from DowDuPont. Most of that spending now in the first half is behind us. So that will sequentially be a tailwind. That's $1 billion for the year, so subtract that from the $4 billion, you're talking about $3 billion of discretionary cash for dividends, share buyback, other things. That doesn't include any benefit from nonoperating cash. That doesn't include any benefit from working capital improvements. I'm pretty proud of the Dow team, the focus on cash inside the company is very, very high and we'll be continuing to drive that cash flow conversion number up. So we feel really good about that going forward. 
Operator: And next we'll move to Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs. 
Dylan Campbell: This is Dylan Campbell on for Bob. Could you help on ethane costs? It seems like sentiment and demeanor in ethane market has shifted pretty considerably since prices spiked above $0.60 a gallon last year and have fallen pretty considerably since then. Can you help diagnose and maybe just give us a little bit more context on why you don't think prices spike in the back half of the year? Can you give a little bit kind of a diagnosis of what has occurred over the last year or so? 
James Fitterling: Sure. I think at a high level, Dylan, it delays in new cracker startups. And then some on-time and early startups of new fractionators. And what that did is obviously drove a change in what the forward outlook would be on that ethane curve. There is excess U.S. ethane supply throughout the period from now until 2023. So the balance is going to be long, and I think that hasn't changed. New cracker delays have taken that ethane down -- ethane demand down by about 275,000 barrels per day. So that means the inventories got bloated, and you saw frac spreads go -- they actually went negative at the end of the quarter. They are back to breakeven or maybe slightly positive. And honestly, I think they could stay here to maybe $1 frac spread in this near-term period. And a little bit will depend on the timing and success of some of these cracker startups. You've got good oil production out of the Permian, the Eagle Ford, the SCOOP, the STACK. Those are really close to Mont Belvieu. You've got 1.2 million barrels a day of new wide grade pipelines. They're going to feed Mont Belvieu by first quarter of '20. And then 6 new Gulf Coast fractionators have been announced for startup in early 2020, and those have a combined capacity of 800,000 barrels per day. 450,000 of that is purity ethane. So that's what's led to the situation that you've got here. Gas demand is going to be at -- gas inventories are going to be at a 5-year high -- or 5-year average at the end of this year. We haven't been there for the last couple of years. I think our view is we are going to see these kind of prices for ethane for the near term here. 
Operator: And next we'll hear from Jonas Oxgaard with Bernstein. 
Jonas Oxgaard: Though the disconnect between U.S. domestic P price and export price is now at a, I think, like a four-year high. And historically, these disconnects never last. But as export price is pretty much exactly in line with Asia price, the only correction that looks plausible is for U.S. domestic to come down. Can you give a little bit of color on why it has stayed so high for -- or the disconnect stayed so large for so long and how do you see that evolving? 
James Fitterling: Jonas, I think everybody had anticipated that with tariffs it would really shut off the whole China market. We haven't seen that. The demand for product in China has been strong. We were up double digits into China in the quarter. And I would also say you've got growth in other parts of the world which are sizable as well. So Southeast Asia, obviously coming. There's Africa. So I think there's enough market demand around the world that it hasn't forced that to happen. There are also some just built-in logistics hurdles here in the U.S. It's very much a railcar market, and so there's a delta that has to be maintained there and is protected there. But overall, I haven't seen that pressure on that. I think we've seen more pressure really on the ethylene market price on the integrated margins. And I think that's where we are going to continue to see that pressure until we see that derivative capacity and the links in the ethylene market really get back in line. 
Operator: And moving on, we'll hear from Hassan Ahmed with Alembic Global. 
Hassan Ahmed: Jim, it seems that the glycol market continues to be pressured, right? And as I take a look at sort of a bunch of moving parts over there, obviously, polyester, a big sort of end user, so I would imagine the whole China trade war side of things is playing a role. But just beyond that, it seems inventories in China are quite high for glycol, and there is incremental supply coming online. So how are you guys thinking about sort of the near to medium term side of things within glycol? I mean is it a situation which will quickly get resolved if there is a trade war resolution, or are there sort of fundamental near-term issues there? 
James Fitterling: I think you're right, Hassan, that glycol pricing relative to last year is down almost as much as the drop we saw in oil price in the fourth quarter, about 35%, 40%. They have been pretty stable at these levels for quite a while. There is inventory in China obviously that the traders are trying to work down. You've seen some rate cuts at some of the higher cost manufacturers trying to dial down really to get their operating rates to balance demand. Polyester is running pretty well in China. So I haven't seen like a big demand drop on polyester in China. I think those operating rates are good. But I do think if trade came off, you would see some of the producers there being a little bit more aggressive. And some of the retailers here, specifically here in the U.S., would probably be a little bit more open to purchases and not looking to shift their supply positions to other countries away from China. 
Operator: Laurence Alexander with Jefferies will have our next question. 
Unknown Analyst: This is [ Nick Cicera ] on for Laurence. Just a quick follow-up comment on -- question on the MEG inventory. I was wondering how long it would take maybe to work down some of those levels in China. 
James Fitterling: That's a good question, Nick. Typically, we see these kind of corrections in MEG would typically take, under a strong growth format, maybe a quarter to work through. And I think you'll see some of these traders under pressure to get this -- from a cash flow standpoint, to get this worked out by the end of the year. So I think that's why people have been making adjustments on operating rates to try to balance things out. I would be surprised if they would want to carry these inventories through the year-end. 
Operator: And next we'll hear from Frank Mitsch with Fermium Research. 
Frank Mitsch: Jim, in your discussions about pricing, you indicated that you thought third quarter would really see flat sort of pricing although you did have a concern on siloxanes. But I look at Slide 10, and we see that IHS is forecasting MDI prices to move up through the quarter. And so I'm curious as to what your outlook is on MDI. Do you agree with that notion that MDI should be moving up? What is your outlook there? 
James Fitterling: Frank, I think some of these forecasts on pricing are really tough as you go out into the future. MDI has been stable at these prices. Even MEG being low, it's been stable at these prices. Siloxanes, I would expect maybe somewhere we thought that they might tick up a little bit, but they've been pretty stable as well. I would think for MDI to move up, you're either going to have to have some turnaround outages or you are going to have to see a real pull on the demand side of the equation to make that happen. Our outlook for them is flat. And I would just also say the forecast that we had on these ethane prices that they were going to go up dramatically at the end of the year, and we were not -- at that time, we were saying we don't see that happening. And as we sit here today, it didn't happen. So I just think in this macro environment, it feels like third quarter's going to be kind of a sideways quarter like second quarter. 
Operator: And we'll move on to Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners. 
Kevin McCarthy: Jim, I was wondering if you can compare and contrast what you're seeing in the polyurethane business in intermediates versus systems. And then on Slide 11, I think you have a comment about driving greater internal consumption of intermediates. Is that a reference to polyurethanes? Maybe if you could just provide a brief update on the strategy to go further downstream there as well. 
James Fitterling: Sure. Thanks, Kevin. Let me just touch the last one first. I think the biggest impact on internal consumption of our intermediates is really ethylene to polyethylene, ethylene to EO derivatives. We had historically been net short buying material. And as we've back integrated and take advantage of shale gas, we're using more of that for our own downstream consumption. So the reason we highlighted that on the release and in the speaking comments that Howard made is because that typically would have been trade sales of ethylene or some other product to the market, so with the revenue line can look lighter even though our downstream sales are good. And it's just an adjustment in those numbers. 
 On polyurethane, I think the biggest impact right now has been on automotive. So in automotive, seating and different parts that go into the auto industry, as those light vehicle builds have slowed down, that's kind of backed up some of that change. 
 Now systems going into things like spray foams, systems going into cold chain, refrigerated containers, going into insulation production for panels for especially commercial and big residential and commercial projects, that continues to look pretty good. And anything we can do into the adhesive space with the exception of obviously adhesives into automotive, which gets a little bit slowed down, has been pretty good. There are PU sales into appliances, so as those durable goods have slowed down, for example, in refrigerators and maybe in some panels for dishwashers and things, you will see a little bit of an impact there. I think that's the biggest impact on polyurethane. We'll continue to move more of those intermediates to downstream systems because we can work with the end-use customers to make finished products that really give them an advantage in their products and ability to capture higher value. And that's what we want to do long term, whether that's coatings, taking monomers into coatings or taking polyurethane intermediates into systems or taking more of our plastics into higher grade materials for packaging, health and hygiene, siloxanes into silicones, that's a consistent strategy. We're going to continue to do that across the board. 
Operator: And we'll move on to Steve Byrne with Bank of America. 
Steve Byrne: What's Dow headcount right now versus a year ago? And given these macro headwinds, have you reassessed opportunities to cut fixed costs? And similarly, what ability do you have with your joint ventures to push more aggressive cost cutting given the near-term outlook? 
James Fitterling: Right. So our target headcount for the new Dow, once we completed all of our streamlining -- and really to do this, we had done external benchmarking with the best of the best. Our idea was to be best in class competitive, was to get to a headcount of 37,000 globally. And we will be there at the end of this year. In fact, we've accelerated some of those moves that we've planned through the year. We've accelerated some of those. And so that's why you see cost synergy savings coming out in advance of what we've said. We always continue to take a look at that. Headcount is part of our fixed cost, but it is only a fraction of it. So when you get to the number of sites that we have around the world, you also have to look at contractual relationships, services and other things that we do. So there's a heavy emphasis right now in manufacturing, engineering and all of that. Peter Holicki and his team are obviously looking at what does the future Dow need to look like in terms of footprint. And where we have opportunities to consolidate we are doing that. 
 And then the rest of this $600 million of savings we got to come out through this year is really getting after footprint consolidation, I would say, outside of manufacturing into things like getting lab consolidations done, which we've done a lot of this year, for example, in Europe and here in North America, office buildings and other things. So we are making good progress on that, and we keep doing that. We were fortunate that we were already in this mode coming out of the spin so that we have the machine moving. And we could go in at the beginning of the second quarter and say this is going to be a tough quarter. We got to keep the pressure on. So we did put some incremental targets in front of them. And then on top of that, we're going to put the CapEx numbers down there. And we'll get them down to $2 billion this year. And if it gets worse, I don't expect it's going to get recessionary, but if it gets into that kind of frame, we still have room to move. 
Operator: And we'll move to John Roberts with UBS. 
John Roberts: I think I heard you talk about discontinuing a European polyethylene project. But didn't you also have a 2022 start-up in the Gulf Coast planned? And is that still on track? 
James Fitterling: Yes, we did, John. Thanks for the question. We had a plant in Europe to take advantage of the link we had in ethylene there in and we had a plant in the U.S. Gulf Coast. What the business has done is gone and relooked at both of those projects. I think they do want to continue to pursue a U.S. Gulf Coast project because of the cost position that we have here. And they've decided to defer the one that's in Europe. And I would say postpone is the right answer. I think at some point in the future, it might make sense, but given all the things going on right now and the market outlook, it's probably not the right time to do that. 
Operator: And next we'll move to Aleksey Yefremov. 
Aleksey Yefremov: Jim, thanks for the color on CapEx. Would you consider keeping CapEx close to $2 billion in 2020 if demand and margins do not improve? 
James Fitterling: I'm going to keep it tight until I get better visibility on the market. I think we need to get a trade deal resolved to get some confidence back in the market, at least on the industrial side of things, right. I think the consumer is still strong. But on this industrial side of the market segment, and you've seen reports coming out from some big heavy equipment industrials that are also slowing down. We need -- those are high content uses for our materials. We need to see some pickup there. When we see some pickup there, then we'll take a look at what is the right time to move back in. 
 Meanwhile, those silicones projects, we have a couple of EO derivatives projects that are underway right now. This $150 million to buy back the other half of the Thai HPPO joint venture, these are high return projects and immediately accretive. So we're going to do -- I don't want to postpone those. Those are right in the sweet spot of what we need to do. And we've got to make sure that we maintain these assets and keep their reliability. All of our CapEx does not necessarily go just into growth, it also has to make sure that we improve our cost position through this cycle so that the next cycle we're able to weather the next cycle as well. 
Operator: And that will conclude today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Neal Sheorey for any additional or closing remarks. 
Neal Sheorey: Thank you, everyone for joining our call. We appreciate your interest in Dow. For your reference, a copy of our transcript will be posted on Dow's website later today. This concludes our call. Thank you. 
Operator: And that will conclude today's call, we thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-02 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Dow's First Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Also, today's this call is being recorded. 
 I would now like to turn the call over to Neal Sheorey, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 
Neal Sheorey: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us to discuss the financial results for the Materials Science Division within DowDuPont. We're making this call available via webcast, and we have prepared slides to supplement our comments during this conference call. They are posted on the Investor Relations section of Dow's website and through the link to our webcast. 
 Speaking on the call today are Jim Fitterling, Dow's Chief Executive Officer; and Howard Ungerleider, President and Chief Financial Officer. 
 Please read the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the earnings news release and slides. During our call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations or predictions about the future. Because these statements are based on current assumptions and factors that involve risks and uncertainties, our actual performance and results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements. 
 Dow's Form 10 as well as our Form 10-K include detailed discussions of the principal risks and uncertainties, which may cause such differences. Unless otherwise specified, all historical financial measures presented today and all financials, where applicable, exclude significant items. 
 We'll also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in the DowDuPont earnings release and on the DowDuPont and Dow websites. 
 And as a reminder, because Dow operated as the Materials Science Division of DowDuPont through the end of the first quarter of 2019, the financial results shared during this call are based on the Materials Science Division's financial performance as disclosed earlier today in DowDuPont's earnings release. 
 On Slide 2, you'll see our agenda for the call. We will start with an overview of the first quarter performance of the Materials Science Division of DowDuPont. We will also discuss the results for each of our operating segments. Then we'll move into a financial overview of the quarter, which will also include some comments on modeling guidance. And finally, we will close with a discussion on our go-forward views. There will be plenty of time for your questions. 
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim. 
James Fitterling: Thank you, Neal, and thanks, everyone, for joining us. I want to start by acknowledging the incredible accomplishments achieved by the Dow team to get us through our successful separation from DowDuPont on April 1. I want to thank every member of team Dow for all they did over the past 3.5 years to execute one of the largest and most complex spins in the history of corporate America. We are now fully operating as a stand-alone independent Dow with a streamlined and focused business portfolio that is well positioned to operate more productively, invest more prudently, grow more profitably and deliver higher returns to shareholders. 
 With that, let's turn to our performance in the quarter on Slide 3. The Materials Science Division of DowDuPont reported top and bottom line results in line with the updated guidance we provided a few weeks ago. During the quarter, the resilience of the Dow portfolio was on display as we were able to moderate the impact of year-over-year margin compression in siloxanes, isocyanates and polyethylene products, which impacted our core business results and our equity earnings. 
 We mitigated the headwinds in 3 ways: first, our continued demand growth in our differentiated applications was noteworthy, including silicones, polyurethane systems and packaging. This end market growth is an important highlight of the quarter as it reflects the ongoing strength we see from the consumer, and it speaks to our product and technology differentiation, customer relationships and value chain participation. This is not a new phenomenon for us as we have been growing in these applications for some time, and we continue to maintain our positive view of the fundamentals in these value chains. I will come back to this point later in the call.  
 Second, we continued to drive our cost reduction actions. We delivered more than $125 million of incremental cost synergies in the quarter, taking our cumulative savings, since merger close, to nearly $1 billion. And we also removed the first $40 million of stranded costs in the quarter. We remain on track to deliver the incremental $600 million of savings this year. 
 And third, we continued to benefit from our new U.S. Gulf Coast investments, which all ran at high rates in the quarter and contributed approximately 500 million pounds of additional polyethylene volume versus the same quarter last year. 
 Finally, during the quarter, we established the initial shareholder return targets for Dow. We confirmed an industry-leading annual dividend payout of $2.1 billion and announced a $3 billion open share repurchase program. Our commitment to shareholder returns was something we first outlined at our Investor Day in November last year, and it is a top priority of the Board and the Dow management team. 
 Turning to our segment results. On Slide 4, Performance Materials & Coatings operating EBITDA was $481 million, down 18% from the year ago period, primarily driven by lower prices for siloxanes and shipping restrictions from our Performance Monomers facility in Deer Park, Texas due to a tank farm fire at a nearby third-party facility. Consumer Solutions sales were flat with the year ago period as gains in volume and local price were offset by currency headwinds in EMEA and Asia Pacific. The business achieved broad-based local price and volume gains for silicones products. Those gains were offset by price declines in siloxanes. 
 To put things in perspective, siloxanes' prices in China in the first quarter were approximately 30% below the peak pricing of the third quarter of 2018. But as we look ahead, we are encouraged that siloxanes pricing stabilized as we completed the first quarter. 
 Coatings & Performance Monomers sales were also down primarily due to the shedding of lower-margin business as well as weather-related events, which shifted seasonal demand in the construction industry in the U.S., Canada and EMEA. 
 On Slide 5, Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure operating EBITDA was $448 million, down 31% from the year ago period, primarily due to margin compression in isocyanates and MEG, which impacted both our core business results and equity earnings. 
 Polyurethanes & CAV delivered higher volume in all regions, but this was more than offset by lower isocyanates pricing. As I mentioned in my opening, our polyurethane systems growth was the highlight, expanding year-over-year about 2x global GDP. 
 Industrial Solutions reported lower sales on reduced local price and currency headwinds. However, the business grew volume in EMEA, U.S. and Canada in industrial, oil and gas applications as well as on strong demand for deicing fluids, lubricants and fuels. 
 On Slide 6, operating EBITDA for the Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment was $993 million, down 24% from the year ago period. The key driver here was compression in integrated polyethylene margin. However, we were able to offset more than $100 million of this headwind through cost synergy savings, increased supply from growth projects and lower commissioning and startup costs. The Packaging & Specialty Plastics business grew volume on higher demand in Asia Pacific and EMEA, supported by our new capacity add. From an end market perspective, our growth was led by Industrial & Consumer Packaging and Flexible Food & Specialty Packaging, 2 core sectors for our packaging franchise. 
 And finally, the decline in Hydrocarbons & Energy sales was primarily due to 2 factors: the first was our increased ethylene integration from startups of our new derivative asset; and the second was our tilt towards max ethane cracking in the U.S. Gulf Coast, which reduced coproduct sales in the quarter. 
 I'll now turn it over to Howard to discuss our 
 overall financial performance and our modeling guidance. 
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, Jim. 
 Turning to Slide 7. Sales declined 10% to $10.8 billion, in line with our guidance. Volume grew 1% with demand growth in many of our core businesses, including polyurethanes, Industrial Solutions, Consumer Solutions and Packaging & Specialty Plastics. These gains more than offset a decline in Coatings & Performance Monomers and a double-digit decline in Hydrocarbons & Energy. And as Jim mentioned, the hydrocarbons decline was primarily due to lower sales of coproducts. Excluding the Hydrocarbons & Energy business, the Materials Science Division grew volume year-over-year by approximately 3%. Local price was down 9%, largely driven by lower prices in isocyanates, siloxanes and polyethylene. Currency decreased sales 2% primarily driven by a stronger U.S. dollar against the euro. Operating EBITDA for the quarter was $1.9 billion, down 24% versus the year ago period and also in line with our guidance. The key driver of the decline was margin compression in polyethylene as well as isocyanates and siloxanes. And these factors, along with lower MEG prices, also drove our equity earnings decline. But importantly, we were able to offset a portion of this with cost synergies, contributions from new capacity adds and growth in the more differentiated portions of our portfolio. 
 Now while Dow is not a stand-alone company in the first quarter, we were able to estimate our cash flow metrics on a new Dow basis. Free cash flow in the quarter was approximately $600 million or $200 million lower than the prior year period, primarily driven by reduced earnings, partly offset by a capacity reservation payment from MEGlobal related to our Texas-9 cracker expansion, which will support MEGlobal's new facility in Freeport, Texas. 
 We also made further progress toward our targeted capital structure just after the quarter ended. We received the $2 billion deleveraging payment from DowDuPont. And as we said we would, we used that cash to pay down a portion of the Dow Corning term loan. That pay down was executed in early April, so you'll see it reflected in our second quarter financial statements. This brings the Dow Corning term loan balance to $2.5 billion. 
 And finally, as Jim mentioned, we also put in place our initial shareholder return targets. In early April, Dow's Board of Directors declared a second quarter dividend of $0.70 per share. And we established a $3 billion open share repurchase program, a portion of which was designated under Rule 10b5-1, which involved a prearranged trading plan. 
 Given our stock performance and spin, we have not yet repurchased any shares under the program. The the 10b5-1 is expected to expire in June. And from that point, we plan to be opportunistic with our share repurchases and will be disciplined with how we allocate our excess cash, taking into consideration all our priorities, including the dividend and deleveraging, to reach our targeted capital structure. 
 As we said before, our target is to return approximately 65% of our operating net income to our owners across the economic cycle. Within that, the dividend is our top priority for returning cash and share repurchases are the flywheel. 
 We're currently targeting share repurchases of approximately $500 million for the remainder of the year. This is our base case target and does not take into account any additional nonoperational cash inflows. 
 Let's now take a closer look at the contributions from our joint ventures on Slide 8. During our Investor Day last year, we made a commitment to provide more transparency on our JV results. And today, we're providing those details. This slide gives you more granularity on the performance of what we call our principal JVs, our 3 most meaningful joint ventures, which account for the vast majority of Dow's equity earnings. 
 Including all JVs, equity losses for the quarter were $10 million compared to equity earnings of $208 million in the year ago period. The reduction was primarily driven by margin compression in MEG at the Kuwait joint ventures and isocyanates at the Sadara joint venture. And as is typical in the first quarter, we also received annual dividends from many of our JVs, which totaled more than $750 million of cash inflow in the quarter. 
 Now before I turn to our modeling guidance, I would like to review some of the reporting changes that we're making now that we've completed our spin. This was another commitment we made, and we are moving quickly to the new reporting. 
 Slide 9 provides an initial look at the details to help you reconcile these changes and how they'll impact our historical results. There are 3 key changes that will impact our financial reporting and the way we discuss our results. First, as of our next quarterly report, we will switch to EBIT as our primary profit metric to reinforce the message that capital is not free. But we will still provide all the details for EBITDA as well for those of you who want to continue to track it. And as we shift to EBIT as our primary metric, we will also include the impact of foreign exchange in our definition of EBIT, which is how Dow historically defined our profit metric before the DowDuPont merger. 
 Second, we will transition to full market-based transfer pricing. This change will have an impact on the profit across our operating segment, but it will be net neutral to total EBIT at the enterprise level. 
 And third, we will also incorporate the impact of the new contracts and service agreements we will have with DuPont and Corteva. We plan to file a voluntary 8-K later this quarter by mid-June, which will provide you with quarterly recaps of our operating segment results incorporating these changes. Until then, you see on Slide 9 the estimates of what to expect for a few historical periods so that you can begin to incorporate these impacts into your models. While there are quite a few changes that we're putting in place, the net impact at historical EBITDA and EBIT is relatively modest. 
 Moving to modeling guidance on Slide 10. Given the current environment and the fact that we've just spun out as an independent company, we have provided our modeling guidance today on a sequential basis versus the first quarter of 2019. For those of you who prefer to look at the year-over-year comparison, you'll find a similar slide with that view in the appendix of today's deck. 
 On a sequential basis, we see overall demand remaining healthy in consumer and packaging end markets, which will continue to benefit businesses like our silicones, polyurethane systems and plastics businesses. 
 We're also now seeing margins stabilize. And in a few areas such as polyethylene [ MDI ] and siloxanes, we're seeing the early signs of price increases starting with Asia Pacific. It's too early to tell how much traction we'll see in the second quarter, but these developing trends are a positive indicator for the second half of the year. 
 We're also entering the typical seasonal high period for our turnaround activity, which will be a headwind sequentially. We expect our turnaround spending in the second quarter to be approximately $200 million higher than the first quarter or about even with our spending in the second quarter of last year. These are planned turnarounds that are scheduled in advance for crackers who are on a roughly 8-year turnaround cycle and for derivative plants that's approximately every 3 to 5 years. 
 We will also be impacted by a fire that occurred at a third-party storage facility near our Deer Park, Texas site, which is limiting our ability to ship material. Our current assessment is that this limitation will continue through the second quarter and will result in approximately a $40 million impact sequentially. 
 I'll now turn it back to Jim. 
James Fitterling: Thanks, Howard. 
 Let's turn to Slide 11 and the outlook. Global economy is still expanding, albeit at a slower pace than 2018. We're seeing strength in the overall consumer confidence and spending supported by a strong labor market and wage growth. Manufacturing activity also continues to expand in support of this demand. 
 But the trends are not synchronized globally. The U.S. remains a bright spot, while the EU and China are expanding at a more modest rate. And while personal consumption remains healthy, spending on big-ticket items, such as automobiles and home purchases and builds, remains tepid in some geographies. Additionally, ongoing trade negotiations remain front and center around much of the world. We think that a positive trade outcome could be a catalyst for increased economic activity. But that said, our plans as always are focused on what we can control. 
 Looking more specifically at our portfolio, we see early signs of stabilization and improvement in our key fundamental indicators. After several months of inventory destocking in many of our value chain, we saw inventory levels settle in the mid-to-late first quarter on normal demand seasonality. While we still see prices down year-over-year in areas like MDI and siloxanes, they have stabilized sequentially, and we see the opportunity to regain margin with price increases under way. We expect MDI fundamentals to be balanced through 2021. And in siloxanes, we expect overall operating rates to remain high in the near term as demand continues to outpace supply. 
 The global ethylene market is relatively balanced on a regional basis today with some links in the U.S. Gulf Coast. We expect polyethylene demand to outstrip the recent ethylene supply additions starting in the second half of 2019. Our view of the cycle has been consistent for several years, short and shallow, and we see no reason to change that view. 
 In feedstocks, the naphtha-to-ethane spread is widening again after the large contraction in the fourth quarter of 2018. In some areas like Europe, this may be a near term headwind to margins. But over the medium term, it should be constructive to our product spreads. Also, the risk of an ethane price spike in 2019  has vastly reduced due to new NGL infrastructure capacity coming online, coupled with delayed ethylene capacity adds as well as the turnaround season in the second quarter. 
 The result is a significant reduction in the market's forward view of ethane prices for the year. We still expect near-term ethane prices to be somewhat volatile as the industry works through the timing of new ethane demand versus supply. But fundamentally, we expect upward pricing pressure to be moderate and spikes, if any, to be short-lived. We saw a realized example of this in the back half of 2018. And I think what surprised many people outside of our industry was how quickly these energy and feedstock markets changed, which is something that is often underestimated. And additionally, people underestimate how quickly Dow's assets can shift. 
 We have leading feedstock flexibility and commercial capability to adjust quickly to these markets, and we have full chain integration and a differentiated portfolio to further mitigate the impact of the swings. 
 To that point, as I mentioned before, our focus on increasing the consumer-driven bias of our portfolio is paying off, particularly in consumer care, packaging and infrastructure sectors. There are a few examples on Slide 12. 
 In our silicones franchise, we have prioritized the growing use of our siloxanes toward our performance silicones business, where we can convert that siloxane into differentiated silicones that provide our customers with tremendous value and use. And our efforts are delivering. Every quarter since we brought this franchise into our portfolio, we have driven silicones growth that has outpaced global GDP. And consequently, our teams are unlocking incremental capacity to continue to meet growing customer demand. So far this year, we have already completed 4 debottleneck projects, and we have more than a dozen still on deck with incremental expansions in every geography. 
 Another example is in our polyurethanes business. The business has been able to partly dampen the impact of isocyanates margin compressions with continued above GDP growth in systems applications in furniture, bedding, white goods and other durable goods. As a result, our polyurethanes business has now achieved year-over-year demand growth for 23 consecutive quarters. 
 And finally, in Packaging & Specialty Plastics, we've been growing volume for several quarters on our strength in Industrial & Consumer Packaging and Flexible Food & Specialty Packaging. These are parts of the value chain where we are the proven market leader. And for our global asset base, our new capacity and expertise in local markets have enabled us to place new pounds efficiently in the market and deliver them with the highest value application. 
 The common thread across these examples is their connection to the consumer and everyday life. And for us, this is another indicator that consumer spending remains healthy. And that benefits the Dow portfolio. 
 I'll close with a quick recap on our near-term priorities on Slide 13. These are the same priorities that we've shared with you over the past several months, and I'm proud of the progress that we're making against each. But there is still work to do. While we see the early signs of improvement in our value chain, it is still early days. That's why our focus remains on being very disciplined with where we allocate our capital and our resources. 
 Nothing has changed in our mindset of preferentially driving lower risk, faster payback projects while keeping our CapEx well within D&A levels. 
 We've made substantial progress against our cost synergy capture and stranded cost removal targets, but we still have work to do. Our focus on a lean cost structure is still very much in place, and we will deliver the $600 million of incremental savings this year. And as you've seen over the past few months and today, we're committed to a best owner mindset and an enhanced level of disclosure. 
 To wrap up, first, I could not be prouder of our team for working through all the complexities of our successful separation from DowDupont. Team Dow embraces challenge and took it head on. Second, the resilience of our portfolio showed through in the quarter, notably in our consumer-driven businesses where we can take advantage of our innovation and differentiation. And third, we believe that the fundamentals in our key value chains are beginning to stabilize. And as we look through the second quarter, we see early signs of inflection points that could materialize in the middle of the year. 
 Going forward, our capital allocation and disciplined focus on higher return on invested capital, incremental investments, while keeping CapEx at or below D&A levels, is the right approach in this environment. And the Dow team remains focused on the actions within our control, capturing cost synergy savings and removing stranded costs, growing our differentiated positions, running our assets efficiently and continuing to be disciplined resource and capital allocators to drive value growth within each of our businesses and across the company. 
 Now I'll turn it to Neal to open the Q&A. 
Neal Sheorey: Thank you, Jim. With that, let's move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. 
 Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question today will come from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. 
David Begleiter: Jim, looks like in PE, you did get the $0.03 increase in April. Given that increase, what's the potential for maybe an increase in May as well?  And how should we think about earnings in the segment sequentially even with the headwinds from the turnarounds and going -- in this quarter? 
James Fitterling: Yes. So this week, IHS published up 3 for the month of April in the U.S. And we had expected that really in March. And that's why we had guided again in the middle of the quarter because that looked like it was sliding out. There are increases out there -- other increases out there for the second quarter, and we feel like we're building momentum into that. The core earnings are going to improve sequentially. That's what we've got in the forecast. And then we just called out the turnaround expenses because, sequentially, they're higher. Our turnaround expenses are about the same as they were second quarter last year, but they are higher than first quarter, and that's just because of timing. As you know, some of these turnarounds, crackers are on 8-year cycles, and some of these derivative plants are on 3- to 5-year cycles. This is the time of year to take them. And I think in this market environment, we decided to do them in second quarter and not try to push anything out. 
Operator: And next to move on to P.J. Juvekar with Citi. 
P.J. Juvekar: Jim, long-term big picture question. When you look at Aramco's crude-to-chemicals strategy, you look at Exxon and Phillips wanting to build more crackers, it seems like there is more interest  [indiscernible]  companies in cracker assets. What do you think?  Will they buy?  Will they build assets?  How do you strategically think about what oil companies are trying to do?  And where does Dow fit in? 
James Fitterling: Thanks, P.J. It's difficult for me to telegraph someone else's strategy. I would say I think what's happening, there've been many reports out there about the value creation in petrochemicals. It's been one of the sectors over the last decade, 14, 15 years that's created some high value. So I think people are interested in that. There are different driving forces for everybody. Our driving force for our strategy is to grow with those consumer-driven differentiated markets. And so we'll be focused on developing products like performance silicones, better packaging products, polyurethane systems. Our Industrial Solutions will go downstream, working on coatings. Both our architectural and industrial coatings portfolios, our adhesives portfolios to continue to grow that business. 
 And then, of course, we'll look at the back integration. Is that a better make versus buy decision? Where is the best place for us to be? Is it U.S. Gulf Coast where you've got this tremendous NGL advantage and ethane advantage and where we can tie into the flexibility that we have and benefit from that. And that's a different driving force obviously than someone who's looking at maybe a future market that speak oil and looking at what are they going to do with different barrels of oil. 
 There are different chemistries out there. There's a lot of things going on. There's different strategies, partnerships around the world. So you might take the oil and do partnerships. You might make acquisitions. But in most cases today, the industry has shifted to cracking lighter. And so if you're going to make acquisitions to think that you're going to convert oil to petrochemicals, in most cases, you would be making acquisitions that are today probably NGL cracking. 
 So I think there are a lot of things that have to play out. I feel good about our investments and our position. We took advantage of the first wave of shale. We were up first. We got our projects done on time. We got them done under budget, and they're going to be the most efficient capital projects in that cycle. 
Operator: And next, I move on to Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. 
Vincent Andrews: Yes. I've gotten a lot of questions this morning about 2Q and sort of what's in the slides. And maybe you could just help us with a little bit more detail on the 3 segments, more explicitly on sort of forget about all the turnarounds and so forth but just on an underlying basis, slight modest know, how much improvement should we see for the 3 segments sequentially? 
James Fitterling: So if I go to the slide that was in the deck, Slide #29 in the deck, you've got the sales drivers and the EBIT drivers for the second quarter. And really, the only thing that we called out is the specific headwinds from the turnaround costs. The core earnings I expect to be up. So Performance Material & Coatings, I think, we're going to see sales moving up. Siloxanes pricings have stabilized and started to move up, so that's going to help. Silicones pricing has held up well, and the issue there is just getting more capacity online to support that. So we had 4 debottlenecks in the quarter that came online, and we've got 12 new incremental projects for downstream silicones coming online through the year. 
 In industrial intermediates, the big drag on industrial intermediates was really equity earnings, and it was ethylene glycol from the Kuwait joint ventures. The core business is growing there. Now we've announced some alkoxylates capacity. That won't come on in second quarter. That's a longer-term bet, but they're going to be up 3% to 5% in sales. And Packaging & Specialty Plastics is going to be up 3% to 5% in sales, and it's going to benefit from, obviously, the pricing that we're seeing coming through in April. And good to start the quarter with that and build that momentum. And then also the better cost positions we've seen on ethane. Two fracs came up in the quarter, and so they'll come up ahead of the ethylene capacity. And that's really what's put that ethane future's curve down. So I believe you're going to see the core earnings move up sequentially, Vincent. And we just called out the turnarounds to make sure everybody understood what the magnitude of that cost would be in the second quarter. 
Operator: Jeff Zekauskas with JP Morgan will have our next question. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas: I have a two-part question. Looking at Slide 12, it looks like perhaps your polyethylene sales volumes were up about 6% in first quarter year-on-year, which I think is about the level of your capacity expansion. And so is the meaning of that, that the global polyethylene industry or global polyethylene demand really didn't grow in the first quarter, but you were able to grow 5% or 6%? 
 And then the second part is I think Howard said that no shares were bought back in the 10b5 program. So does that mean that the trip price at which you would buy back shares wasn't hit as Dow traded as an independent company? 
James Fitterling: I'll take the first part, and then I'll hand it over to Howard on the 10b5. Polyethylene sales were up. The demand there was good. And obviously, we had the additional 500 million pounds from the Gulf Coast assets. And those ran hard, so we moved that through the quarter. And also, we saw inventory levels through the quarter kind of come back to the normal level, so we're able to get some material moved out. Some things had backed up at the end of fourth quarter '18, as you know, in the U.S. Gulf. And so we saw some of that stabilize through the quarter. I think that's another big factor in why you see the pricing moving up. You've got inventories coming back to kind of the normal level in the Gulf Coast. On the 10b5, Howard can speak to that. 
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. So you're right, we put -- so the short answer to your question is correct. It did not trigger, but we put -- just to give you a little bit more context, we put the 10b51 in place before the quiet period expired in the first quarter or so, before mid-March. That is going to be in place until early to mid-June. Basically, we need to get the 8-K with all the accounting changes that I articulated in the deck, so I gave you the estimates in the slide deck. Once we're in the process of doing all the final accounting, we're going to get that done as soon as we practically can. As soon as that 8-K gets published, then we can be in the market because -- with an open program as opposed to the 10b5. 
 The 10b5 was set up based on the feedback that Dow's stock could trade with substantial churn in volatility immediately postspin. So we put the algorithm in place to take advantage of the opportunistic intrinsic value, and the Dow stock traded very well. And so as a result so far, that hasn't kicked in. But like I said, the 10b51 is there until we get the 8-K out. Once we get the 8-K out, we'll be in the open market. And what I put in the prepared remarks this morning is our base case is approximately $500 million of stock buyback for the year. 
Operator: Our next question, we'll hear from Christopher Parkinson with Credit Suisse. 
Christopher Parkinson: Can you just comment further on your expectations for MDI and maybe TDI, understanding it's only at Sadara. Just following 2 of your primary competitors comments over the last couple days. Just -- there's been some inconsistent end market commentary. So if you could hit on your own regional demand outlooks and expectations for a new supply cadence, it would be greatly appreciated. 
James Fitterling: Thanks for the question. I expect MDI is going to continue to tighten through the year. I think you've got 2 things happening. The consumer-driven side of the business, so our systems business, where you had end markets like furniture, bedding, some level of white goods, durable goods, that business, some cold storage, cold chain businesses, has been relatively good. Where we see obviously some things have been a little bit slower are housing starts and housing sales. So that's kind of slowed. And so you've got also automotive, and automotive is a lot of content for polyurethanes. So some of the big-ticket items are also big-demand pull items in that chain. So I'd say the consumer strength is really showing up in the numbers, 2x GDP for the systems growth, and that's without the big-ticket items pulling. So as we get through the year, I think you're going to start to see automotive pick up. 
 I would say in Europe right now, automotive is weak, and there's probably the biggest inventory of finished autos out on the lots and at the dealers that has to be worked through. So I'd say Europe sentiment right now is it's going to take a little bit longer to work that through. 
 The U.S. is relatively okay. North -- I'd say North America is relatively okay.  And China's relatively okay.  So I think as the year progresses, we're going to see those bigger-ticket items pull through a little bit more. 
 On TDI, as we said before, I think TDI is going to be long for most of the year. So we're not putting into our outlook any big increases in TDI prices or margins. Mostly the improvement will be on MDI. 
Operator: And next, I move to John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets. 
John McNulty: On Sadara, can you speak to some of the opportunities there to improve some of the profitability?  I know there was, I guess, some hope about potentially rejiggering the debt, expanding feedstock slates, et cetera. So can you help us to understand what leverage you can pull there to improve the profitability there? 
James Fitterling: Sure. We're making obviously some sequential improvement in the first quarter from the fourth quarter in Sadara. It's about $20 million better than it was in the fourth quarter. We're doing everything we can obviously to keep that moving. The pricing moves are obviously going to help Sadara. That will fall right to the bottom line. Sadara's been working actively on its own cost programs internally, and so they've been becoming more efficient in getting those costs down. And then obviously, we have been working with Aramco diligently on things that we can do to help that out, including looking at the debt restructuring. So now that we've done the lender's reliability test and we've actually kicked off a team between Sadara and the 2 parents actively looking at how we can restructure that debt. And we'll have more to say about that a little bit later in the year. That team is off and running and, I think, making some good progress there. 
Howard Ungerleider: And I would just add, John -- this is Howard. Every product manager who has accountability for an asset there is working on the sell upside of that, so that's optimizing the product mix, cutting the fourth quartile and adding to first or second quartile margins and look at the profitability on a margin velocity per hour of production, and that's how they're held accountable. 
Operator: And we'll move on to Jonas Oxgaard with Bernstein. 
Jonas Oxgaard: If I could continue the line of question of Sadara, it looks like MDI and TDI, to get to that, was it $27 million EBITDA for the quarter, MDI and TDI must have run at negative margins. Is there any consideration of shutting down those assets? 
James Fitterling: I don't believe that's a fair assumption. I'll have to ask Neal and the team to get back to you and walk through those numbers. But we would not have run them at negative margins. The teams are very disciplined about taking a look at that. So there may be some mix assumptions or other things that are in there. We've got a lot of activity going on within Sadara to try to get that mix shifted. We've got supply chain costs that we're working on, so we're optimizing around the supply chain to make things a little bit more efficient. The plant has been running well, so the asset has been good. We don't have any issues there. 
 We've looked at obviously all the things we can do on the feedstock side to improve it, as you know. Sadara's feedstock position, that's really the naphtha crack is what goes downstream for all that integration into isocyanates. And so we've been looking at what we can do there to get some better cost position in there. 
 But I think relative to where they are today, we're going to start to see things stepwise improve just on the basis of the market demand. And if we got a trade agreement through with China, I think that would be helpful. At least, it would be helpful in the near term on the market psyche, but it would be helpful into the second half of the year. 
Operator: And next, we move to [ Hassan Hammed ] with Olympic Global. 
Unknown Analyst: Wanted to sort of continue on the JV side. The Kuwaiti JVs, Kuwait in particular, continue to be quite weak earnings-wise. I would imagine, obviously, ethylene glycol was the culprit. Is there any sort of bottoming out of glycol insight. The polyester market continues to be quite weak as well. So how should we think about the equate earnings over the next couple of quarters? 
James Fitterling: Thanks for the question. Yes, the drag really on Kuwait JVs was ethylene glycol pricing. And if you look at the year-over-year pricing, it's quite a bit down. Now what we've seen through the quarter is obviously the inventory levels have started to improve in China. The demand pull, as you mentioned, hasn't yet kicked in. This is one of the areas in the China trade agreement. If you know, textiles had some tariffs coming back into the United States. That really put the brakes on some of the exports out of China, and that kind of backed up some of that capacity. So as we get this trade agreement through and we see what happens, if that gives a little bit more confidence to the textiles industry in China to be able to move some material in here, then that would be immediately visible in the marketplace. So that might give us some momentum on ethylene glycol pricing. The PET side of the equation has continued to be strong. So we really need the polyester side to pick up to see that pricing move. 
 And I would also say that typically, when we pull out of one of these compression periods, PE and ethylene glycol is what you start to see turn. We've seen PE turn here in the month of April. So I think we could probably see also some cost push on the ethylene side in China that may start to move things up a little bit. 
Operator: And our next session, we'll hear from Frank Mitsch with Fermium Research. 
Frank Mitsch: Jim, you were discussing your consistent view on the cycle as being short and shallow. And I would imagine that given your outlook, you're expecting that 2020 would probably show some EBITDA growth in the polyethylene business. What is your outlook call in terms of the back half of the year?  Is there -- are you guys forecasting that you might be seeing year-over-year improvement in the back half of the year on polyethylene?  Or is that really more of a 2020 sort of event? 
James Fitterling: We're running right now at about 4.5% growth rate is what our outlook for the year is. And obviously, we started relatively slow in January and February. So I think that's going to pick up pace. 
 Second quarter is shaping up well. I think third quarter is usually very strong, and we'll see how we finish the year. And obviously, I think we'll finish it a little bit better. 
 The other thing that's happening is when you look at the supply that's coming on. Obviously, we think that demand is going to outstrip the amount of incremental supply that's coming on. And so you're going to see that in the back half of the year. 
 A lot of capacity came on in the last 2 quarters of last year -- a lot of polyethylene capacity came on in the last 2 quarters of last year and was finding its way into the market in Q4, especially in December, when China went dark on us for the last 2 weeks. That backed up inventories. People were scrambling to move that around to the markets. You saw some of that actually hit Europe in a big way, and that really compressed some margins there. I don't think we've got that same kind of magnitude in the back half of this year. 
Operator: And we'll hear from Steve Byrne with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Steve Byrne: Jim, you mentioned higher naphtha pricing and just wanted to hear your view on cash margins for the top end of the polyethylene cost curve, particularly the Asian naphtha producers, and your outlook for naphtha pricing in that region and whether the margins in that area could affect those producers' behavior, whether it's on pricing or operating rates. 
James Fitterling: Yes. So I think a couple of things. I think the naphtha ethane and the propane naphtha spreads are both starting to open up, which will be beneficial. We've seen some move up, a little bit of a move up, in Asia on ethylene due to that. I think we could continue to see some more of that. I won't  try to predict what oil prices are going to do, but we kind of gone into this year thinking they would be in the $65 to $75 barrel range. I don't see any reason to think any differently. I do think we've tested lows on natural gas. So we've been at $2.50 on natural gas. And with all the oil that we've been producing and the associated NGLs, that's helped bring those forward curves down. So anything that we see in terms of these naphtha, ethane and [ pro-nap ] spreads is going to be helpful to us as we move through the year. 
Operator: And next, we'll to move to John Roberts with UBS. 
John Roberts: I wanted to go back to the JVs. You did a good job several years ago cleaning up the JVs. And what's the role of the Kuwait and Thai JVs in the portfolio?  Obviously, there's some strategic projects -- products in there like polyethylene to dab, but there's also some products that don't seem to fit longer term with your strategy. 
James Fitterling: Well, the Kuwait -- let me start with the Kuwait JVs and obviously, that was a very strategic one from a standpoint of ethylene glycol. It was a way to put together at the time when we did it, obviously, the world's largest ethylene glycol business together with the Kuwaiti. So MEGlobal is continuing to grow in that format and that structure, and that's been positive for us. And they've been also able to participate and continue that growth down in the U.S. Gulf Coast. So I think that's good. They clearly were already marketing ethylene glycol and carbide set that JV up obviously on its own to market the polyethylene so we don't do anything together there other than be an equity investor in polyethylene. 
 Thailand was always an Asia growth play and continues to be that. And where we have strategic interests together, we'll look at that. And where we've got lines of business there that may be strategic to one of us and not the other, we'll look at options there. But both of those JVs are sustainable. They generate really positive cash flow and dividends. They've got good balance sheets. They're healthy. 
 My first priority is getting Sadara to be sustainable, good balance sheet, generating the kinds of returns that we promised. So I'm not expecting big moves there. We did talk about obviously maybe doing some consolidation among the entities in Kuwait, and we'll still look at that. And if we can pull that off, that may be beneficial to us in '19. 
Operator: And we'll move on to Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. 
Laurence Alexander: Just two quick ones. Just to clarify the comment about performance materials, the core earnings being up sequentially. Is that including the sequential headwinds you called out were only before the sequential headwinds?  Can you characterize inventory levels, and not in the polyethylene chain but in the derivative businesses?  Just what you're seeing and whether there's any inventory destocking that might be needed later this year? 
James Fitterling: Howard, do you want to take the sequential earnings question? 
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. Laurence, so if you look at the slide, I would say it's before. So it's the core earnings will be up, but will be offset by some of those sequential headwinds that we talked about on the call. 
James Fitterling: And we've seen -- I think I'd commented earlier on PE.  And what we've seen is inventories in the isocyanates, especially in the MDI side, start to come down. And the demand pull on silicones on siloxanes is obviously helping that. So we think that silicones demand growth is going to continue to tighten up that siloxanes spare capacity that's out there, and that'll happen through the rest of the year. 
Operator: And next, we'll move to Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs. 
Robert Koort: I was wondering, Jim, you guys obviously have one of the bigger exposures in Asia Pacific. Can you give us some sense on what's going on in China, both from the maybe the echoes of some of the plant problems over there and the environmental enforcement?  And then maybe what you see on the appetite for future ethylene expansion. It seems maybe one of the consultants is a little more pessimistic on operating rates with some China expansions over the next 3 or 4 years. So hoping you could address both of those. 
James Fitterling: Yes. Thanks, Bob. Thanks for the question. I would say we had a good quarter in China. In total, our sales volumes were up double digits year-over-year, so we continue to grow there, and it's across the board. It's in all the businesses: polyurethanes, packaging, Consumer Solutions, obviously. 
 We don't have as much coatings exposure in China. We don't have too many facilities for coatings over there, and we don't have as much Industrial Solutions exposure. Most of that is exports out of Gulf Coast and out of Sadara. But I still feel good about the demand growth, and it continues to look good. 
 I think the operating rates are probably been held down because of the cost curve and because of where some things are on the cost curves. There's just a big advantage in the U.S. Gulf Coast on the NGLs, and that's probably what's held them down. 
 I think most of the environmental things are related to the incidents that have happened. And so you've had a couple of explosions and fires that typically always cause another relook at the industry and who's a credible operator and can operate safely and also who can operate at scale and return. 
 I think the biggest challenge has been the pricing compression that we saw in the fourth quarter. And so as we see those margins recover, you may start to see people take a look in China again at whether they can have a good investment there and, long term, make some money there. But it's the feedstock challenge. That's the toughest part of that. It's hard to find a good competitive feedstock there, and I think that's why you see most of the oil majors looking. And it's mostly refinery integration discussion that you see happening. You see some ethane discussion, but that requires a lot of CapEx to build ships to take ethane out of the U.S. Gulf Coast. There's really not anywhere else in the world that you can get ethane export. And if you start to drive that price up too high, then you're going to be looking back at naphtha as an alternative. 
Operator: And next, we'll move to Aleksey Yefremov with Nomura Instinet. 
Aleksey Yefremov: I just wanted to return to Sadara quickly. If we look at last year's Q1 result of $96 million of EBITDA, that's arguably close to peak environment. If you were to return to the same, sort of cash margins in your key value chains for Sadara, would that number be higher today because there's more capacity or more efficient operations?  Or that's sort of the upper end of what you could achieve? 
James Fitterling: Yes. I'm going to look to Howard here for a minute, but I don't think the Q1 or Q2 last year was peak environment. I think peak probably actually happened before that. So Sadara wasn't fully operational and running when we were at the peak of the cycle. Howard, do you have some comments on what you think that could be? 
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, Aleksey. I would just say it would be far above that number if you had the same conditions because remember, to Jim's point, it was a startup year. You had -- we were going through the punch list to get ready for the LRT for the entire year, taking assets up, taking assets down. And there was no sell up. It was all sellout kind of mindset at the time. So as you move forward, everything else being equal, Sadara will improve just based on the sell upside of the equation would be what I would say. 
Operator: And next, we'll move on to Duffy Fischer with Barclays. 
Duffy Fischer: First, just want to say thanks. I think the way you laid out the financials and disclosures around the JVs is very helpful and enlightening, so I appreciate that.
 Second, just on the question, Jim, U.S. ethylene versus ethylene derivatives, ethylene's obviously gotten long. As you look out the remainder of the build-out of the first wave here in the U.S., when do you think the derivative capacity gets to the point where you've got enough takeaway capacity for all the ethylene and then more the margin moves back to ethylene and away from the derivatives? 
James Fitterling: Duffy, thanks for the comment on the disclosure. Look, we're trying to be more transparent and to respond to everybody's interests and get it out there. So I think you'll find we've got nothing to hide here. And you know the priorities for us are to continue to work on returns out of those so that people can see the value out of those JVs. 
 On the ethylene side, you're right. Because there hasn't been as much derivative capacity, that ethylene's been backed up. And what you see in the first quarter is people adjusting ethylene plant operating rates really to the derivative downstream operating rates. And derivatives are continuing to run hard in the U.S. Gulf Coast. So that's why we announced things like alkoxylates yield capacity expansions down in the Gulf Coast to convert more of that material. That's a high return to ethylene. I think by 2020, you're going to see that derivative demand's going to start to pull that excess ethylene that's out there. You also got a little bit of restrictions right now. There are not too many places that you can ship ethylene out, and one of them just had a large fire. And so that's caused us a little bit of more constraints. And so you've seen a lot of that margin in the short term disappear out of the ethylene part of the chain. But PE is holding up good, so I think if you think where we are in the cycle here and why we still say short and shallow is because PE margins are relatively strong. And we're seeing pricing coming back in April in polyethylene, so I think that's a good trend. 
Operator: And we'll move on to Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners. 
Kevin McCarthy: I have two-part financial question. First, I was wondering what your cash cost were in the quarter for restructuring. And then I think you had a plan previously to inject about $0.5 billion into Sadara, I wondering if there was anything in the quarter related to that. 
 And then the second piece was I was wondering if you have a preliminary net debt figure to provide and whether that would be representative going forward. 
Howard Ungerleider: I'll try to remember all 3 questions. But Jim or Neal, keep me honest here. So the restructuring on that same basis, so Dow tower last year spent $1.4 billion on an apples-to-apples. We spent about $500 million in the first quarter. We are -- that is the peak quarter obviously because that was the spend quarter. That number should trend down over the course of the year, and we're in line with that commitment to take $200 million to $400 million off of that $1.4 billion. So kind of a $1.1 billion midpoint is a good number for the year. The official -- when we ended the quarter, we were at $20 billion gross debt. We had $3 billion of cash, so net debt, $17 billion. On April 1, we got that payment of $2 billion from the DowDupont tower, and we did delever. So our net debt on April 2, you won't see that until the Q2 earnings materials. And the net debt was $15 billion. Was there a third question? 
James Fitterling: That's it. 
Howard Ungerleider: Okay. 
James Fitterling: You got it. 
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, Kevin. 
Operator: And that will conclude today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Neal Sheorey for any additional or closing remarks. 
Neal Sheorey: Thank you, operator, and thank you, everyone, for joining our call. We appreciate your interest in Dow. For your reference, a copy of our transcript will be posted on Dow's website later today. This concludes our call. Thank you. 
Operator: And that will conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. Also, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Neal Sheorey. Please go ahead, sir.
Neal Sheorey: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to The Dow Chemical Company's second quarter earnings conference call. I'm Neal Sheorey, Vice President of Investor Relations. As usual, we are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Howard Ungerleider, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer; and Jim Fitterling, President and Chief Operating Officer. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are posted on our Investor Relations' Financial Reporting page. You can also access the slides through the link to our webcast. I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in both the press release and in the slides. In summary, it says that statements in the press release, the presentation and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. A detailed discussion of principal risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results and events to differ materially from such forward-looking statements is included in the section titled Risk Factors in our most current Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, some of our comments reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and on our website. Unless otherwise specified, all comparisons presented today will be on a year-over-year basis. Sales comparisons exclude divestitures and acquisitions. EBITDA, EBITDA margins and earnings comparisons exclude certain items. I will now turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Neal, and good morning. If you could look at slide 3. Our results in the second quarter further extended Dow's unparalleled track record of performance. The strategy we put in place more than a decade ago continues to prove its ability to deliver short and long term sustainable shareholder value under all business conditions. Here are some highlights from the quarter. 19 consecutive quarters of EPS growth, nearly five years. Only two other companies in the Fortune 100 can claim such a consistent track record of bottom-line growth and no other company in our industry. 15 consecutive quarters of volume growth, nearly four years. Our third consecutive quarter of all-time record EBITDA and broad-based top line growth as sales grew in every segment and in every geography. I'll come back to this in a minute. And we have achieved this while also driving the most comprehensive slate of growth investments in our industry which are now on the cusp of becoming earnings tailwind. In the Middle East, our Sadara joint venture has now achieved commercial operations at 25 of its 26 production units. On the U.S. Gulf Coast, startup of our ELITE enhanced polyethylene unit and our new world-scale cracker are imminent, and we advanced our proposed merger with DuPont, achieving conditional regulatory clearances, announcing the Board of Directors for DowDuPont and reaffirming our expectation to close in August. Turning to slide 4, I want to take a moment to expand on Dow's strong top-line performance in the quarter. We grew organic sales 8% in the quarter with gains in every operating segment and in fact in nearly every Dow business as well as in every geography. This is a testament to the increase in consumer-led demand that we continue to see for Dow products around the world driven by our strategic mix shift to downstream, high growth end-markets that are growing in a slow growth world, markets such as packaging, transportation, infrastructure, and consumer goods. Growth was particularly strong in key regions of North America and Europe where we grew sales greater than twice GDP as well as throughout Asia Pacific where new product from our Sadara joint venture is enabling us to meet the need of a growing middle class. Simply put, Dow again delivered in the second quarter as we have these last many quarters and we're entering merger close from a position of strength. I will spend some time later on the call discussing the exciting future we see as we embark on the next steps in our evolution into the world's leading material sciences company. But first I'll turn over the call to Howard and Jim to discuss our quarterly performance. In addition, they will describe the status of our growth projects and in response to recent question on the value creation of our integrated portfolio in both assets and markets, Howard will reveal new information on how the silicones platform has been a hand-in-glove fit to the Dow portfolio and Jim will discuss and show the value embedded in our integration. We have not shared this information before, but I feel it's time we show these numbers to you, our owners. First, the quarter. Howard?
Howard I. Ungerleider: Thanks, Andrew, and good morning, everyone. Turning to slide 6 and a summary of our results. We delivered earnings per share of $1.08 which represents our highest second quarter EPS since 2005. Sales grew to $13.8 billion, volume and price both grew in all geographies for the second consecutive quarter. Price rose 5% as we drove pricing initiatives across many businesses in response to value and use as well as higher raw material costs. Volume grew 3% reflecting gains in all segments with notable strength in our downstream consumer-led sectors. EBITDA increased 12% to $2.8 billion with increases in all segments except Performance Plastics. Key earnings drivers in the quarter included broad-based consumer-driven demand, higher prices, improved mix including the benefit of new product introductions, and cost savings from both productivity and synergy. These gains more than offset higher feedstock costs, commissioning and startup expenses at Sadara and the U.S. Gulf Coast along with planned maintenance spending. These commissioning costs were in line with our modeling guidance and will continue into the third quarter. I encourage you to review the updated model and guidance in the appendix for more detail. After we close the DowDuPont transaction, we do plan to provide additional info to assist in building out your models. Moving to our business highlights, starting on slide 8. Despite a persistently soft ag market Dow AgroSciences continues to deliver. EBITDA was $326 million on strong demand for our novel Seeds and Crop Protection technologies and on benefits from lower operating cost. Seeds delivered double-digit volume gains led by higher demand for corn seed in Latin America and demand for cotton seed in North America. Our highly successful launch of ENLIST cotton in the quarter was a significant driver of the increase in demand. We also achieved import approvals, specifically in China, enabling the full commercial launch of ENLIST corn seed in the U.S. and Canada for the 2018 growing season. Crop Protection volume increased on higher demand for herbicide and insecticide which more than offset lower demand for fungicide. Dow Ag's robust Crop Protection innovations were, again, a key driver of growth in the quarter with notable contributions from ARYLEX broadlleaf herbicide, ISOCLAST insecticide and new corn herbicide formulations in North America. The business also benefited from accompanying sales of ENLIST DUO herbicide resulting from the launch of ENLIST cotton seed. Farmer reaction to ENLIST DUO has been overwhelmingly positive based on its highly effective volatility and drift profile when compared to traditional 2,4-D and glyphosate. We continue to expect $600 million of additional revenue from our new seed pipeline by 2020 of which ENLIST is a key driver. Moving to Consumer Solutions on slide 9. The segment delivered record quarterly EBITDA of $541 million and its eighth consecutive quarter of earnings growth. Volume gains were reported in all businesses and all geographies. Dow Automotive achieved record second quarter EBITDA and a 17th consecutive quarter of volume growth. The business continues to outpace the automotive end market largely due to strong demand for our innovative platform of structural adhesives. Consumer Care reported volume growth in all geographies as well as double-digit gains in pharma and food applications and Dow Electronic Materials delivered its eighth consecutive quarter of EBITDA growth and an all time record EBITDA. The business drove double-digit volume gains in most geographies with strong demand in semiconductor, OLED and printed circuit board applications. Electronic Materials also had a one-time benefit from the sale of Dow's share in a non-core joint venture. And with the addition of our silicones platform, we were able to achieve new commercial wins and market share gains across each of our Consumer Solutions businesses. Infrastructure Solutions on slide 10 achieved record EBITDA of $556 million, driven by volume growth, the contribution from silicones and a one-time benefit from a building sale resulting from the integration. Dow Building & Construction delivered volume gains on strong demand for methyl cellulosics and acrylics-based construction chemicals. Dow Coating Materials reported higher sales as price increases gained traction in most geographies and Performance Monomers reported price and volume growth on opportunistic sales of acrylates and methacrylates. On slide 11, Performance Materials & Chemicals delivered EBITDA of $347 million as broad-based sale gains in all businesses and geographies more than offset the impact of higher raw material costs. Polyurethane sales grew double digit and the business recorded its 15th consecutive quarter of volume growth led by strong demand in downstream higher-margin system applications. Industrial Solutions sales increased in all geographies on pricing momentum and higher demand into lubricants, crop defense and electronic processing applications. Chlor-alkali and Vinyl sales increased, led by double-digit gains in caustic soda and vinyl chloride monomer in EMEAI. On slide 12, Performance Plastics achieved its fourth consecutive quarter of year-over-year sales growth. EBITDA was $1.1 billion, down from a second quarter record of $1.2 billion in the year-ago period. Price gains were more than offset by increased feedstock and energy costs, commissioning and startup expenses and the impact of higher maintenance activity, all of which were in line with our modeling guidance. Packaging and Specialty Plastics delivered record second quarter sales volume and the 12th consecutive quarter of volume growth, led by double-digit increases in EMEAI and Asia Pacific, partially supported by Sadara volume. Elastomers achieved volume gains led by a double-digit increase in EMEAI on demand growth in automotive and infrastructure applications. Now let's turn to an update on our value drivers beginning with slide 14. Throughout our nearly five years of delivering consistent bottom line growth and increasing shareholder returns, we have also continued to build for our future. Dow's comprehensive growth investments are fundamentally rooted in the key pillars of our business model, aligning to our key chemistries and value chains where we hold industry-leading positions, leveraging our world-class innovation expertise across technology platforms to serve our core material science market, combining scale and operational excellence, optimizing value through operational reliability as well as feedstock flexibility, and enhancing our global reach to capture consumer driven demand and grow where growth exists. On slide 15, I'd like to start with the successes we have achieved in our first full year following the Dow Corning ownership restructure. The silicones integration continues to exceed all of our expectations. First, we have reinvigorated the financial performance of the business. Prior to the restructure, Dow Corning's revenue and earnings had plateaued. In the past year, we have accelerated the business' bottom line growth by double-digit, while at the same time broadening the addressable market for silicone, expanding its customer base, and bringing Dow's sell-out and sell-up mindset into its operational discipline. We have also significantly outperformed on the cost synergies. After raising the initial target to $400 million, we achieved a full two-year run rate in just 10 months, as you know. And today, I am pleased to report that we have uncovered even more opportunity. As a result of implementing Dow's unique business model and our work processes into the and across the silicones platform, we now see a total cost synergy opportunity of more than $650 million across Dow, up more than 50% from our previously stated target. We expect to achieve this higher run rate by the end of 2018. And today, we are already at a run rate of more than $500 million. We're also making strong progress to accelerate growth utilizing our silicones platform. In addition to our $100 million growth synergy target, we now see more than $500 million of additional Dow-enabled bottom line growth across the enterprise, driven by volume and mix benefit from integrating silicones into the Dow portfolio, and going narrower and deeper into our four market verticals. Taken together, these cost and growth drivers greatly enhance silicones' profitability. We now see EBITDA increasing to more than $2 billion at full run rate by the end of 2019, more than double our initial projection. The vast majority of these benefits are exclusive to Dow, uniquely enabled by our capabilities, our infrastructure, our scale, our value chain focus and application development leverage at the customer interface. Turning to slide 16. Our successes to-date have been achieved due to the strategic hand-in-glove fit between Dow and our silicones platform, not just in our markets and applications, but in the very essence of our business model and our asset footprint. Silicones as a platform is rooted in integration and innovation. It is at its core an organic chemistry capability. And as you can see on this slide, the manufacturing is a multi-step, asset-intensive process. Our silicones manufacturing is back integrated into the key building block, including silicon metal, which are used to produce basic silicones or siloxanes at key sites globally. These are then fed to our downstream systems and finishing units, often at the same integrated site, to produce high-value formulations in our core material science markets of packaging, transportation infrastructure, and personal care. The end result is a financial profile of the silicones platform that is nearly identical to Dow's, especially now that we've captured cost synergies as we've integrated silicones into the Dow business model. The integration of silicones, however, goes beyond assets to the growth side of the equation, as you can see on slide 17. Here you see why we continue to be so excited about this transaction. The hand-in-glove fit with silicones is a growth accelerator. We're already seeing it, as the silicones platform captured demand growth at nearly 2 times GDP in 2016 and the first half of this year. Going forward, the value of our combined chemistry platforms, broader channels to market, and multiple touch points through the value chain, is enabling $7 billion of addressable market expansion in our key market verticals through 2020. This is why we are so confident in continuing our top line growth trajectory and further extending our leadership position. No one in our space can match the deep capabilities, differentiation, and material science expertise that we now bring to bear in these sectors. But the benefits don't stop at our growth or cost synergy capture. We've also started to capture benefits from key operational improvements that have been released as a result of being integrated into Dow's business model. From improvement in safety performance to working capital efficiencies to increased productivity, all of these improvements enhanced our unique ability to drive efficient earnings growth and deliver the step change in financial performance I showed on the last slide. To sum it up, the first year of the integration has gone faster and better than even our highest expectations. The transaction was immediately accretive, and the progress we continue to make will further enhance shareholder value in ways that are truly unique to Dow. With that, Jim will cover the rest of our value driver.
James R. Fitterling: Thanks, Howard. Let's turn to our Sadara joint venture on slide 18. I cannot stress enough the magnitude of the progress that the Sadara team has made since our last earnings call. The JV brought online nine additional units, including PO/PG, polyols, amines, and glycol ethers. Year-to-date, we have started up 21 units. And today, Sadara is commercially operating 25 of its 26 production units, with the final unit preparing for startup. Product marketing and distribution have gone well, and the work we've done to establish channels to market and generate customer excitement is paying off. In the second quarter, Sadara sold nearly 0.5 billion pounds and was a tangible growth driver in our Performance Plastics franchise. All plastics unit, as well as the cracker, have demonstrated at or above their design capability. Looking ahead, we still see 2017 as a startup year, as the units continue to increase production rate, optimize integration reliability, build inventory, and qualify products with customers, and the JV remains on track to achieve the financial targets we set out for the year. Moving to the U.S. Gulf Coast on slide 19, we have completed construction of our new world-scale ELITE enhanced polyethylene train, and the startup is imminent. Once online, we will ramp toward full prime production and begin qualifying material with customers and replenish our supply chain in the Americas. You should expect this unit to deliver earnings contribution starting in the fourth quarter. Startup of our new Texas-9 facility, the ethylene cracker, is also imminent. In fact, we've begun to introduce hydrocarbons into the unit. Once online, the cracker will ramp as derivative production increases throughout this quarter. The next unit online will be our new tubular high-pressure low-density polyethylene facility in Clacama, (19:06) which is the same design as the one in Sadara. This train is on track for mechanical completion in the fourth quarter and is expected to begin contributing to earnings in the first quarter of 2018. These new facilities will build on the successes and the benefits of those investments that we've already completed. The recent expansion of our Louisiana-3 cracker has been a huge success. This project increased the ethane cracking flexibility of the unit while maintaining our propane and our naphtha flexibility. We've tested the full capabilities of the unit and we're already seeing results. This past quarter, Clacama (19:42) achieved its second consecutive quarterly ethylene production record and for the first time ever, the site produced over half a billion pounds of ethylene in a single quarter. Our PDH unit also delivered another quarter of bottom-line benefits. We recently took the unit down for planned maintenance after more than a year of operation and implement best practices and make improvements to ensure long-term reliability. PDH is back on line and ramping to rate. We continue to make improvements to the process to take this technology to higher reliability levels. And finally, we continue to put in place future growth drivers. Last quarter, we announced the next phase of comprehensive investments. Approximately $4 billion over the next five years involving a series of low capital intensity, fast payback, high return on capital projects. These investments are expected to start coming online in 2020. Taken on the whole, Dow's program of near-term and long-term growth projects further enhances our strategic pillars of integration strength and innovation capabilities deployed into a focused set of core end markets. On that note, I would like to discuss the future of the Material Science Company and the value creation from our unique integration plus innovation strategy on slide 20. Let's start with the depth and breadth of our integration across the value chain which continues to serve as a key differentiator and competitive advantage for Dow. Market dynamics can shift significantly over time and the last several years bear witness to that. Dow's strategic choice to own entire value chain gives us a competitive advantage to manage volatility through unmatched feedstock flexibility, geographic diversification, and a differentiated product and market portfolio. As I've said before, no one rivals Dow in these capabilities. In contrast to commodity chemicals companies that typically run our cracker plus one model, Dow is a cracker plus five, downstream value-add player. In fact, in some cases, we reach as high as cracker plus nine as is the case for our Texas operations in Freeport. The power of our key building blocks of ethylene, propylene and silicone is amplified by our market-back approach and by leveraging the complexity of molecular and physical integration. This, coupled with our deep material science expertise makes us the preferred partner to our customers by delivering high-tech solutions from these industry-leading technology platforms. The result of this industry-leading physical integration is a more agile and robust enterprise ready to adapt at the speed of business today. On slide 21 while product and asset integration are important foundational elements, there are other aspects of integration that are equally critical in enabling Dow's competitive advantage. Dow's integrated ecosystem leverages functional and business collaboration in critical areas including purchasing and procurement, leveraged services, information technology, operations and engineering, and it unlocks immense value. We believe that our level of integration is unique and therefore holds tremendous value. We've done an enormous amount of work over the last decade both within Dow as well as with independent third parties including banks and consultants to quantify the value of Dow's integration. These multiple comprehensive analysis, some of which have been completed very recently, have shown the intrinsic value of our integration approaching $1.7 billion to $1.9 billion per year. This is the power of scale and leverage and something that we continuously refine. It provides a formidable source of sustainable and stable competitive advantage and it is a benefit that Dow enjoys as a result of our business model as well as the source of value to our shareholders. That brings me to innovation, which is at the heart of everything we do at Dow. As we've pivoted our businesses to a consumer-led model, we have reinvigorated the innovation engine and we've enhanced the value the customers enjoy from our material science expertise earning us a seat at the design table in our core markets around the world. This did not happen overnight. It was methodically built through disciplined investment. More than $8 billion in R&D investment over the past five years coupled with a sharp focus on developing proprietary capabilities to innovate faster and partner more closely throughout the value chain. We also established core technology platforms that stretch across the enterprise. You can see how we leverage these platforms across multiple businesses and in some unexpected places. Elastic adhesives in Dow Automotive, polyurethane's chemistry in Dow Electronic Materials, cellulosic and acrylic technologies in Dow Building & Construction. We received a huge boost last year with the silicones addition, which brought an additional platform to unlock new to the world solutions in high-growth end-markets, combining silicones with acrylates with urethane with polyolefins, and with our cellulosics chain. These chemistry innovations are fueled by our proprietary high throughput research engine and our application development capabilities. And turning to slide 23, you can see that the results of our efforts are evident, from 2010 through 2016 our innovation revenue has nearly doubled while at the same time, our innovation EBITDA has tripled, and year-to-date our new innovation EBITDA is now more than one-third of Dow's total EBITDA. In summary, market-driven innovation derived from interconnected technology platforms is in Dow's DNA. It is not something siloed in individual business units, but rather the strong technology platform developments are leveraged across the entire enterprise. We strongly believe that this unique innovation model delivers greater value than any individual business could on its own and our track record of success speaks to this achievement. With that, I'll now turn the call back over to Andrew.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Jim and turning to slide 25. I'd like to take a moment now to look back on the track record that Jim and Howard have both spoken of, of execution that Dow has delivered these last many years. It's a track record of consistent and reliable financial and operating performance that no other company in our industry can match. As I've mentioned, only two other companies in the entire Fortune 100 have. It's a track record achieved through the foresight result of a highly dedicated board and management team who've put in place more than a decade ago the strategy you heard Howard and Jim speak to today. We have thoughtfully and consistently executed against this strategy through a business model that emphasizes long-term value creation and in doing so have delivered impressive EPS growth, significant volume gain, greater quality and consistency in our earnings, and ultimately, increasingly rewarding our shareholders. Turning to slide 26, we have achieved this through aggressive portfolio management, divesting low ROC, non-strategic assets, totaling more than $15 billion of revenue since 2009. We have shifted our earnings mix to more consumer-driven exposure from 35% in the early 2000s to now more than 60% of our portfolio. This has significantly enhanced our ability to generate consistent earnings growth across the cycle. Our beta as a company has significantly reduced as a result, as you can see on the slide. Today it is about half of what it was five years ago and even more so when you compare it to the early 2000s. On slide 27, we have highlighted some of our successes in the past and that I'll be repeating. An EBITDA growth CAGR of 8% over last four years with more than $10.5 billion delivered over the last four quarters, an EPS CAGR of 18% over the last four years and with tangible drivers in place to push this to higher in the near term. A market cap that we have more than doubled and nearly $18 billion returned to shareholders since 2012 through share buybacks and a record high annual dividend. These numbers have not come by accident. Dow's ability to integrate silicones and achieve greater than $650 million in synergy plus our embedded integration value of $1.7 billion to $1.9 billion as articulated by both Howard and Jim is a differentiator compared to our peers. These results have earned us the right to be where we are today at a turning point in our history. And with that, let's look forward to the upcoming close of our merger with DuPont as we stand on the cusp of this seminal transaction and the next chapter in Dow's growth story. All remedy actions are on track. We still have a few more select approvals from key jurisdictions which we believe are imminent and we still expect to close in August. Going into merger close, the Dow team is coming from a position of incredible strength with a proven track record of success. We are ready for day one. Our teams will be immediately mobilized to capture the $3 billion of cost synergies. Our playbooks are ready with clear line of sight to milestone and accountability. We'll also move quickly on the intended spins which we still expect to complete within 18 months of close with the intended Material Science Company expected to spin first. Our team remains focused and disciplined with a sharp execution mindset on continuing to control what we can control. We have the right strategy, the right long-term growth drivers and the right portfolio and we have proven it over and over again. We have never been better positioned to continue to deliver for our customers, employees, communities and our owners. We enter the merger strong and we will exit the merger stronger. With that, Neal, let's turn to Q&A.
Neal Sheorey: Thank you, Andrew. Now we will move on to your questions. I ask that you please keep to one question so that we can allow as many people as possible the opportunity to ask a question. First, however, I would like to remind you that my comments regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Rochelle, would you please explain the Q&A procedure?
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our first question from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar: Yes, thank you and good morning.
Andrew N. Liveris: Good morning.
P.J. Juvekar: You know, a question on sort of ethylene industry. There's an expectation that there's an industry downturn in 2018 driven by all this new crackers, but you have Texas mine starting up, Sadara starting up. Is it possible that Dow's Performance Plastics EBITDA will continue to grow through a potential downturn?
Andrew N. Liveris: Jim?
James R. Fitterling: Hi, P.J. Yes, we think it will. As a matter of fact, demand has been solid for all those products and as we noted for this year, through the first half of the year, price has been up. Packaging and Specialty Plastics, for example, is up 5% year-over-year and if you look at both North America and Europe, both pricing and margins have been up. We have a couple of things in the quarter that I think point up to some deltas. We have some higher input costs and feedstock costs, so gas and some of the natural gas liquids are up year-over-year. In this particular quarter and going into third quarter, we'll have some higher startup costs as we're bringing on the Gulf Coast asset, and the Sadara volume is there, so you could see that show up in the earnings growth or the volume and revenue growth in Sadara. I would say that those volumes are not yet carrying EBITDA as we're bringing up the entire asset and the entire complex so that will start to add value. Look, I think that we've got a couple of things happening. One of the reasons that we have this full integration is to capture the margin shift, which moves all the time between ethylene and polyethylene and that vertical integration, that feedstock flexibility, enables us to have that, plus these investments are not all geared to one homogeneous polyethylene market. They're four different technologies that we're building, similar to what we're building in Sadara. Sadara is focused on growing the developing world. We're focused on growing our Americas market tier. (33:25) Both of those markets, at these growth rates, these GDP growth rates today, have the ability to take that kind of increase. Globally, it still takes two to three world-scale crackers per year to keep up with the GDP rate growth, and if the GDP increases, it'll take more than that.
Operator: And next we'll hear from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Stephen Andrews: Thank you and good morning, everyone.
Andrew N. Liveris: Good morning.
Vincent Stephen Andrews: China has filed with the WTO to ban the import of a variety of plastics, but in particular polyethylene, at least certainly by the beginning of next year, and maybe phasing it in by the end of last year. I'm just wondering what your thoughts are on that generically, in terms of whether you think it'll be implemented and what impact it will have on the balance as we move into 2018? Thank you.
Andrew N. Liveris: Go ahead, Jim.
James R. Fitterling: Good morning, Vince. We saw that news and that announcement and are aware of it, and I would just clarify a couple of things. So I think the big driver for what China announced is maybe not what we typically think of as recycling of neat resins and compounds, but it was the shipment of what I would call foreign garbage into China, and so they're banning kind of some of those streams of materials coming in, and the real driver was to protect community health and the environment. So countries were sending all kinds of stuff into China, and it wasn't going in to be recycled and put into food packaging. They just want to make sure that it doesn't get recycled and put into food packaging. If you look at all that trash that went into China in 2016, PET was the top volume for most of that scrap, two-thirds of it. 35% was polyethylene, I would say. It's mostly into applications like garbage bags, some injection molding, or some compound related stuff. So yeah, it might have an impact around the margins, but that trash is going to go somewhere else, and I think, if we'll move it out of China, we'll move it into some other market, probably in the ASEAN region, so we'll probably have to watch what happens out there.
Operator: And next we'll move on to Alex Yefremov with Nomura Instinet.
Aleksey Yefremov: Good morning, thank you. You're making a case for benefits of various integrations throughout the company. If you look at vertical integration from building blocks to higher-end specialty chemicals, and then the horizontal integration was deep market understanding and R&D expertise, so which one do you think is more important, the horizontal one or the market integration?
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, I think you've seen some material today, Alex, that we haven't shown before that basically says both. In essence, the change in the portfolio of the company is the reason we've had this five straight years of earnings growth, it's a mix question, but it's also an integration, innovation question that combined, we no longer are a seller of outputs that are commodity products, very little bit of our mix, so we're in control of our own destiny about where value gets created, and value gets created in different parts of the value chain depending on the market condition, and what Jim articulated on the answer to, I think, P.J.'s question, is true right through our system integration, and so this ability to do both vertical and horizontal with equal impact is in the hands of only, I'm going to use, say, two companies in the entire sector, and you know the other one. It's in Europe, and so there is no benchmark we have any more, which is where people start to fail when they do some of the past comparison. And in fact, our intrinsic value more than beats some of the past comparison, so we are all for displaying where value gets created in both parts of your question right now, and I think it's being highlighted of course through many things, not the least of it being the portfolio review that's been initiated.
Operator: And we'll move on to Frank Mitsch with Wells Fargo.
Frank J. Mitsch: Good morning, gentlemen, and Neal, I just want to say, I look forward to our follow-up and discussing slide 20 in great detail through all of the product flows, so I'm looking forward to that. Andrew and team, you guys made a compelling case for the inclusion of silicones into MaterialsCo, laying out some new data for us. I'm assuming that that has also been shared with your soon-to be-marriage partner, as well as McKenzie, that's doing a deep dive into the structure of DowDuPont, et cetera. What has been the initial feedback from those parties, if you can share that with us?
Andrew N. Liveris: Let me give you a quick answer, and I'll pass it over to Howard. So the answer is yes, it's been shared. There is no feedback loop yet and the parties are very aligned that we're going to do this very thoroughly, Frank, and then go out to the marketplace with the outcome, so we're not in the business of jump-starting or gun-jumping that, but I think it's very important that we get this deeply grounded and satisfy every investor, not just a few, and so that's where we are and I think, Howard, did you want to add anything to that?
Howard I. Ungerleider: Frank, good morning. I mean, I think the prepared commentary really speaks for itself. I just couldn't be prouder of team Dow. Remember where we started with the cost synergies. When we announced the transaction in 2015, we were talking about $300 million. When we did day 1 of Dow Corning restructure, we increased that to $400 million. Now we're saying that number is more than $650 million, and we're already at a $500 million run rate. So that's exciting, and that's one of the key reasons  that was the key reason why it was accretive on day one to Dow, but the growth side, I think, is equally compelling, in terms of the market verticals that we talked about. So we'll see where the portfolio review takes us, but we feel very good about the hand-in-glove fit with Dow and in MaterialsCo.
Operator: And next we'll move on to John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: Thank you. At the bottom of slide 31, you talk about additional guidance post-merger. Will you have pro forma third quarter results in time for the third quarter reporting, or will pro forma third quarter come after the initial results that might exclude DuPont during July?
Andrew N. Liveris: Howard.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Hey, John. So look a couple of things on that and I appreciate the question. Both Dow and DuPont at a company level will continue to file Qs and Ks with the SEC, so I would say similar to what you see as a Carbide filing today. We will get DowDuPont high level filings on a pro forma basis. These are high level combined company and they'll reflect the purchase accounting impact. Those should come within 75 days of close. Our plan right now is to provide pro forma segment information, so sales and EBITDA for DowDuPont by quarter. For the full year 2016 and most likely through June 30, through the second quarter and the plan would be to release those if we can in the month of October and a separate 8-K filing to give you at least a couple of weeks if you want to update your model before earnings. We've got a lot of work to do, so I can't commit to that but that is the intent.
Operator: And we'll move on to David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David I. Begleiter: Thank you, good morning. Andrew, on the review of the portfolio, what is the timing of the completion and what's the potential to see more than three companies being created from this new DowDuPont organization?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yeah, look  thank you, David. So as I said in the answer to the earlier question, the timing is as soon as we can. I mean, I think it's very important that we get transparency and output on a portfolio review. We had agreed to this back at the signing of the original agreement, so this is not new news to us that we knew we would do this based on better facts, and using a third-party as announced by the two parties, Dow and DuPont, a few weeks ago and that McKenzie has stated. We'll have an output hopefully in the next 30 or so days maybe 45 days, so we don't want to rush it, but clearly as we showed today on the call, there's a lot of compelling information both parties have that are now being turned by our friends at McKenzie. I would say to you that everything is on the table, as I've said many times and we're open-minded for shareholder value-based on better fact and if it results in more than three companies so be it and there's a trade-off on value here that has to be explained to all of our owners and that is do you delay getting some of the synergies to make room for more companies, but that's the sort of work that we're going to get feedback on and the combined board will see that hopefully no later than that timeframe I indicated.
Operator: And Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan will have our next question.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas: Thanks very much. Your cash flow from operations for the first half was about $500 million lower year-over-year, and it seems the primary source of that was an elevation in receivables which were up $1.1 billion sequentially and maybe $1.6 billion year-over-year. I'm sure that you'll be able to get your receivables lower by the end of the year, but can you get them under $10 billion or under $10.5 billion? Can you explain what will happen in the receivables area? And secondly, was the point of Howard's discussion of the strength of silicones and the point of Jim's discussion about the strength of Dow's vertical integration will exemplify the progress that the company has made over time or was it a commentary that to split material sciences into pieces would be value-destructive?
Andrew N. Liveris: Jeff, you asked two questions which is very good of you, so the second question let me tackle and then give you the first question to Howard. Look, there is no intent other than transparency. I think it's very clear that over time market conditions and shareholder conditions change and where one makes money can't be opaque, we worry about competitive information all the time and what we reveal to our competitors. But it's very important that all the facts get out on the table through this review. And frankly, we've been sitting on a lot of facts here for a long time. You yourself asked us for those on a constant basis, so we are very prepared to let all of our owners know what the consequences are of where money gets made in an enterprise, as I said earlier, very unique in this sector. There is no comparator other than our friends in Germany. So Howard, first question?
Howard I. Ungerleider: Yeah. Thanks, Jeff for the question. So look on cash from ops, first quarter cash from  working capital is usually a use of cash, second quarter it usually starts to be a source. It wasn't this quarter as you highlighted. A key reason for that is the sales growth. Remember, we had 8% organic sales growth, so a 3% volume, 8% price. Of the $900 million increase in working capital, you've got $800 million of that was receivables, $200 million of that was higher inventory, that was offset by more than $250 million in net income. One of the key reasons for that is we were building out the Sadara value chain, so once all the 26 unit operations are stabilized, Sadara should be a net neutral to us on a total working capital, but obviously, we're building out the supply chain throughout the world, so that was a little bit of the use. The other thing that was unfavorable from a year-ago, we had $200 million in one-time legal settlement that weren't in the year-ago period, so that's the other factor. I would expect that we will continue to see a source of cash from working capital in the back half of the year. In fact, I would expect the third quarter numbers to be very positive.
Operator: And next we'll move on to Hassan Ahmed with Alembic Global.
Hassan I. Ahmed: Good morning, Andrew. A decent set of numbers in Performance Plastics despite some of the headwinds that you guys talked about be it startup costs of the Gulf Coast crackers and Sadara, be it some of the movements that we've seen in oil and NGL prices. Question around sort of declining oil prices, as I take a look  and this is for your rest of the world, non-north American assets, as I take a look at naphtha, the naphtha to crude oil ratio seems to be at 20 year lows. It seems that there is copious amount of naphtha out there. Just, a, wanted your views on how that impacts your non-North American assets. I mean, are we in this sort of pricing regime now going forward where there will be an oversupply of naphtha, maybe potentially if ethylene remains tight, your naphtha-based ethylene facilities could actually start generating outsized returns?
Andrew N. Liveris: Go ahead, Jim.
James R. Fitterling: Hi, Hassan. It's a good question because through the quarter and second quarter, we were in a position where at any given point in time, there wasn't a lot of difference between naphtha, ethane and propane in terms of what the (47:32) crackers. You had some times when naphtha by-products drove naphtha cracking, obviously with styrene and butadiene and the aromatics chain that drove that for a while, and then with all of the exports of NGLs going out of the U.S. Gulf Coast, you had periods where there was no difference between ethane and propane. So we didn't get the normal kind of feedstock flex advantage that you see in the quarter. I would say, it's a little bit like ships passing in the night. Something is going to become favored here as we move into the third quarter. If it's naphtha, we're in a position to take advantage of that, obviously, in Thailand, in Sadara and obviously in our European assets. If it's propane, that's huge Dow advantage, and if it's ethane we've got increased volume out of our ethane cracking flexibility on the plant. So I think in any of the scenarios we'll be okay. We're looking at longer term and I think everybody is trying to get their hands-on what's going to happen with the oil pricing. What's happening with the fundamentals versus what's happening in the speculative market on that. If the available production that's out there for oil continues to reduce, then you could see a scenario where this start to turn with oil becoming constructive and that's a very different scenario than we're in right now. Obviously, what we're going to do for the rest of the year is make sure that we protect ourselves in the case that oil continues to keep pressure on naphtha, and we'll max our naphtha cracking if we need to.
Operator: And next we'll move to Steve Byrne with Bank of America.
Steve Byrne: Yes, thanks. I have a question for you, Howard, on ag. Given some of the dynamics that are going on right now in ag, there could be increased demand for your ENLIST soybean product next year. Just wanted to ask if you had any idea what's holding up Chinese import approval for either the two versions of that trait that you have and if you are to get approval on that in the next month or so, are you likely to ramp up seed production this winter in South America and what kind of a launch could you have next year?
Howard I. Ungerleider: So Steve, look, thanks for the question. I mean, I agree with your thesis, and I would say that if you think about ENLIST, we had the full system launch both seeds, traits and ENLIST DUO herbicide cotton in the spring of this year. It was a tremendous success. We sold out of the seeds. We exceeded grower expectation on weed control with ENLIST DUO, and we've had near a zero volatility and reduced drift formulation, the applications have stayed on target. Very excited that we received China approval for ENLIST corn, so that launch will happen in the U.S. and Canada in the 2018 season. On soy, I really don't want to get ahead of ourselves. We always knew that soy would be after corn, so we are on track from that perspective. We have done, we believe, everything within the Chinese regulatory process to have that application ready for approval and so at this point, it really is up to the Chinese government as to when that approval will happen.
Andrew N. Liveris: I just want to chime in, because besides the obvious on the corn one and now the soy, Steve, you know besides the obvious. It's hugely political, so I'm spending a considerable amount of my time and my capital in China to get this one over the line just like we did with corn. That wasn't easy and it certainly was part of Trump 100 Day plan. We're not pessimistic. We're optimistic we can get the soy, but we don't want to overpromise and under deliver, but we're spending considerable political time on this.
Operator: And next we'll move on to Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Koort: Thanks very much. Another ag question if I might. I notice that prices were down in both crop chemicals and seeds. Could you talk about how that happened given maybe some expectations, some mix upgrades and then generally, what do you see for that pricing dynamic as corn and soybeans remain somewhat moderate levels here? Thanks.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yeah, Bob thanks for the question. Look, we're still in a tough ag macro. I mean, the overall sector is still forecasted to be down on the top line, 1% or 2%. And I think our story this quarter was really about volume and the delivery of new technologies, but we did have price pressure, as you saw in both areas, but we were able to deliver EBITDA up 40% year-on-year, really on the Crop Protection side, the rice herbicide in China, generic impact, off-patent molecule and a high-level of channel inventory. Now, it came closer to normal than it was in the first quarter, but it's still slightly above average is the way I would talk about it. In Seeds, look, it's a highly competitive price environment. Our price cards were in line with the competition and so we're doing what we need to do. We're growing volume, we're delivering the new molecule and we're dealing with continued productivity to keep the EBITDA growing.
Operator: And next we'll move to Peter Butler with Glen Hill Investments.
Peter E. Butler: More on ag chemicals. Regarding the agricultural situation, the weather is always bad. What is Dow's meteorologists saying about the weather in the corn belt this year and does this impact when you think Dow thinks that the ag cycle is bottoming?
Andrew N. Liveris: We have a meteorologist on the call. Howard would you like to try it?
Howard I. Ungerleider: Let me channel my meteorology department. I guess, Peter, I would agree with you and of the two of us, Jim is more the ag guy because he's from Missouri and I'm from New York, but what I would say is in ag, I think you're right, but we're always one weather event or one pest event away from a  of a turn. We have been in this kind of ag session probably for two, almost three, growing seasons. So I believe we're at the bottom, and you can see it in our results. You can see it in several of the other peer results that have been published. You're starting to see earnings growth now through the sector, so everybody is right-sizing their productivity side of the equation. And when you look at the new innovations that we're putting out there, we have proven, with the Dow ag portfolio, that they've earned the right to be on the podium, and then when you combine that with DuPont, the weather future for the ag co looks extremely bright.
Operator: And next we'll move on to Chris Parkinson with Credit Suisse. Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Thank you. This is just a derivative of Dave's question, but both you and DuPont have clearly done a solid job in purging costs and pruning various segments. That said, could we just get an update on how you would characterize these actions, not only in terms of past execution, but much more importantly, how investors and shareholders should perceive these efforts in terms of the potential future value creation of the separate company spins and what you're actually thinking about portfolio transformation, especially if there's going to be an announcement in the next 30, 45 days, I imagine you have some at least preliminary ideas? Thank you.
Andrew N. Liveris: Jim, why don't you take the first chunk of that, and I'll add some comments.
James R. Fitterling: Yeah, so just to go back a little bit. I mean, we completed, or we had a program that went back to 2012, that we completed in the first quarter of 2015, which was about a $1.75 billion productivity program, and that was an across-the-board program. It looked at, obviously, the structure of our organization, so how many layers and what were the spans of control in the organization. It also looked at what we could do from a procurement standpoint, what we can do from site management internally. We did a restructuring program, basically in 2015, that we just closed out this quarter, so that's $900 million. It was even more, some levels of automation, retiring old systems, investments in IT capabilities. If you look at where we are in this quarter, we generated greater than $200 million; I think it was $215 million of what I'd call productivity savings in the quarter. You could think about that as about 40% of that was self-help measures and productivity internal to the organization, independent of the deal, and the rest of that was silicones-related cost synergies that came out. And on silicones, you can think about leveraging scale and leveraging location, physical location. It was kind of unique to Dow. Obviously Midland, big locations like Shanghai, So Paulo and places where we had duplicate resources, we could leverage that. And we're just now starting to leverage on to the one IT platform. So I think those are  it's not one spot, you have to look at it as a matrix inside of the organization, but we've done it many different ways, at many different points in time.
Andrew N. Liveris: Just the view going post-spin is, you really  if you think about this unique opportunity through this transaction, of the 300 years of corporate history, the rooftop point that Jim made is a good example. There are a lot of redundant processes and a lot of redundancies going inbound into the merger, there's a $3 billion of synergy a year number that we talked to many times. Remember, that's post Remedy, so when we first did the work on this, it was clear that there may be some upside, now that we've got 18 months behind us, the two teams, as I said on my opening remarks, are gun-ready to go. We're at the starting line. We believe we can get the $3 billion and MatCo's portion of that $1.6 million. That's a lot of cost out on what is in essence a very sophisticated asset swap. Under a holding company structure, you are asset swapping in a tax-friendly jurisdiction, and doing this in a way where shareholders will benefit from that cost out. Going forward, the tailwinds of the new MatCo, over $3 billion of new EBITDA coming based on the investments of the last five years, Sadara and the U.S. Gulf Coast assets are tailwinds, not headwinds, so the path of the new MatCo on a cost-out basis through the synergies, as well as these tailwinds based on our investments, not to mention the value-add strategy Jim spoke to and Howard spoke to, including the silicones integration, is what you'll see when we create the world's leading Material Science Company post-spin.
Operator: And next we'll move to Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital.
Arun Viswanathan: Great, thanks. Just had a question on  going back to the point of plastics growing over the next couple of years, EBITDA. You had spoken in the past, I think a couple years ago, about all your Gulf Coast investments this time around, adding around $2.5 billion to EBITDA, and that number has changed over the course of a little while, so where is that number now, and what does that kind of embed as far as chain margins in polyethylene? Thanks.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yeah, thanks, Arun. I would say that number today, given what's happening in the oil markets, has probably moderated to a $2 billion number. And, again, remember those numbers will be kind of a through the cycle, at the average of the cycle-type of a result. That's the way we look at them. You can get into a peak of a cycle, it may go higher than that, and that's what we've typically experienced on these kind of investments.
Operator: And our last question today will come from Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners.
Kevin W. McCarthy: Yes, good morning. A few pieces on Consumer Solutions. Would you comment on the sustainability of high single-digit volumes in the back half, as well as the size of the gain related to your Electronic Materials JV and the future flow through of the silicone synergies, in that segment as well as IS?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yeah, I'll take the gain and then maybe Jim can talk about the performance. The gain itself was in the $25 million to $50 million range. And I would say  just one other point on that, just to clarify. Electronics Materials would have had an EBITDA record even without that gain, just to be clear.
James R. Fitterling: And Kevin, let me just take the point on the market. So if you look at Consumer Solutions, it's the eighth consecutive quarter of operating EBITDA growth in that sector. Even if you exclude the Dow Corning integration in that sector, so the base business that's in there is performing very well. Automotive is on the 17th consecutive quarter of volume growth. Automotive, even though you've seen in Western Europe and you've seen in North America, things slowdown a little bit, the content per vehicle that we're getting out there, the number of solutions that we're getting on vehicles in the platform is really growing our business above the market and that continues to be the case. In Electronic Materials, it was the eighth consecutive quarter of year-over-year EBITDA growth and that business is constantly retooling to fit the market. We're benefiting  obviously, semiconductors is a big part of the business, so on the CMP pads (1:02:00) side, we're benefiting from that. The whole market is benefits from the Internet of Things, putting more devices on, but also displays and handhelds which we've seen a blockbuster year this year in that area.
Operator: And that will conclude today's question-and-answer session. At this time I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Neal Sheorey for any additional or closing remarks.
Neal Sheorey: Thanks, Rochelle. Before we close the call, Andrew, would you like to make any final comments?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, I would, Neal. This is a historic moment. We are on what is the current Dow's last earnings call and as already said by Ed on the DuPont call, this is a moment that we've been planning for over a dozen years, and it's hard to look in the past and reflect, but you've got to allow the moment here to come forward which is two historic companies coming together to form an incredible, incredible machine that will create these three incredible divisions and then ultimately the spins that we referred to. If you think about it from the point of view of this earnings call, this quarter is really the highlight reel of the last many years. So I think everything we've done from the revenue line, to the bottom line, to the productivity, to the innovation engine, to the re-crafting of the portfolio, to the bringing on of new assets, historic new assets from the Saudi assets to the U.S. Gulf Coast; we are starting up Texas 9 as we speak. That is in any other part of Dow's history that alone would be the highlight reel, but we have multiple highlight reels and I'm so proud of the Dow team as we've taken Dow, as Jim said, to a cracker plus five or cracker plus nine model to a integrated specialty company, integrated specialty materials company, a preeminent high-growth high-margin customer-facing company with low cost assets and productivity and still on its DNA. No other company has done that. Silicones is my poster child. It's a chemistry platform that's moved right into Dow. The EBITDA run rate of $750 million, moving to $2 billion. Three times is happening because, as Jim said, it's Midland after all. This is such a fit into the Material Science Company, it bears no recognition to what any other company could have done and certainly on its own could never have done. In addition, I want to sort of finish by saying the future not only is bright with the merger in front of us, but it's bright when the materials company gets created. We have an incredible relationship with the Saudi Aramco Company and Sadara. We're so proud of that relationship. It's going to go to another level. We have work we're doing as we speak on the future of Sadara and as we look at silicones being integral to that future as we announced when we were down in Saudi Arabia in May with the President, there is no question, silicones will be in the future of our Sadara/Saudi relationship. We are very, very, very, confident that we will continue to grow what is an incredible franchise through investments of the Saudis. We're strong going into the merger. We're creating a new Dow, a seminal moment and I am personally very excited and very proud of team Dow and my colleagues on the phone, Jim and Howard well done and we look forward to talking to all of you very, very shortly.
Neal Sheorey: Thank you very much, Andrew and thank you, everyone for your questions. As always, we appreciate your interest in The Dow Chemical Company. For your reference, a copy of our prepared comments will be posted on Dow's website later today. This concludes our call for today. We look forward to speaking with you again soon. Thank you.
Operator: And that will conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company First Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. Also, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Neal Sheorey. Please go ahead, sir.
Neal Sheorey: Good morning and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company's first quarter earnings conference call. I'm Neal Sheorey, Vice President of Investor Relations. As usual, we are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Howard Ungerleider, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer; and Jim Fitterling, President and Chief Operating Officer. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are posted on our Investor Relations' "Financial Reporting" page. You can also access the slides through the link to our webcast. I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statements disclaimer contained in both the press release and in the slides. In summary, it says that statements in the press release, the presentation and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. A detailed discussion of principal risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results and events to differ materially from such forward-looking statements is included in the section titled "Risk Factors," in our most current Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, some of our comments reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and on our website. Unless otherwise specified, all comparisons presented today will be on a year-over-year basis. Sales comparisons exclude divestitures and acquisitions. EBITDA, EBITDA margins, return on capital and earnings comparisons exclude certain items. I will now turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Neal. If you turn to slide 3  and good morning, everyone  our results once again underscored the strength of Dow's portfolio. The first quarter saw rapidly changing business conditions around the world, and Dow showed once again it has the right levers in place to say agile, focused and deliver strong earnings growth. Summary of these results are: we delivered an all-time record quarterly EBITDA. We extended our EPS growth streak to four and a half years, and our volume growth streak to three and a half years. Volume and price both grew in every geographic area. We achieved the full Dow Corning cost synergy run rate of $400 million in just 10 months versus the two years we said when we closed the transaction. Construction of our Texas cracker was completed, and the unit remains on track for startup midyear, ahead of all our competition. Sadara now has 16 units in the start-up phase. And just today, this powerful joint venture achieved commercialization of its entire plastics franchise, with the startup of the fourth polyethylene unit. And we've progressed our pending merger with DuPont, receiving key regulatory approvals and announcing that the intended Materials Science Company will be the first spin-off if it would not adversely impact the value of the intended spin-off transaction. Simply put, Dow's business model showed, once again, its ability to deliver under all conditions. I'll spend some time later on the call discussing our growth strategy over the next several years as we move through the Dow-DuPont merger and spin period and emerge as the new Dow, a preeminent global Materials Science Company. But first, I will turn the call over to Howard and Jim to discuss our quarterly performance and an update on the silicones integration. Howard?
Howard I. Ungerleider: Thanks, Andrew. Turning to Slide 5 and a summary of our results, sales grew to $13.2 billion, driven by price and volume gains and the addition of Dow Corning's silicones business. Pricing rose 7%, reflecting broad-based actions that led to increases in all geographic areas and in most operating segments. Volume ex-M&A, grew 4%, reflecting consumer-led demands, particularly in our core end markets of packaging, transportation, infrastructure and consumer care. EBITDA increased 20% to $2.7 billion. The key tailwinds in the quarter included broad-based consumer-driven demand, the addition of our new silicones business, higher equity earnings and productivity and synergies that totaled $200 million, evenly split between Dow Corning cost-synergy savings and productivity actions. We have now achieved more than $750 million of cost out since 2015. These gains more than offset higher feedstock costs, which led to short-term margin compression, particularly in a few of our downstream businesses where pricing initiatives typically lag the raw material increases. As we shared with you on our fourth quarter call, we also had more than $100 million of higher spending for both planned maintenance activities as well as commissioning costs in the U.S. Gulf Coast, all of which was in line with our modeling guidance. The commissioning cost will continue in the second quarter, and I encourage you to review our updated modeling guidance in the appendix for more details. Now moving to our business highlights. On Slide 7, Dow Ag reported EBITDA of $351 million. The highlight of the quarter was the continued increased contribution from the seeds business driven by gains in Latin American and the successful launch of ENLIST cotton in the U.S. due to strong early grower adoption. Crop Protection reported volume growth in all geographic areas except Asia Pacific on strong demand for new product innovations and 9% growth globally in insecticides, with particular strength in Spinetoram and Spinosad in Europe and across multiple molecules in North America. We saw lower herbicide demand in North America aligned with a projected acreage shift from corn to soybeans. The decline in Asia Pacific was primarily related to soft rice herbicide demand due to an inventory overhang created by flooding during last year's season and increasing resistance to our existing Penoxsulam technology. Going forward, we will address the resistance issue with the launch of Rinskor Active herbicide, which features an alternative mode of action. Rinskor will be launched in time for the next growing season. Innovation is still very much valued by growers. We saw this in the quarter with gains for our new Arylex broad leaf herbicide for use in multiple crops including cereals and strong demand for ENLIST cotton. Looking ahead, our Crop Protection business, which represents about 70% of Dow Ag, has an industry-leading pipeline with products including Isoclast insecticide to control sap-feeding pests and Rinskor herbicide to control grass, broad leaf and sedge weeds. Dow AgroSciences remains well position to bring at least one new-to-the-world molecule to commercialization every year. We have included a review of the business's innovation pipeline in the appendix, which highlights the breadth and depth of products that are still to come. We still expect to deliver flat EBITDA in the first half of 2017 versus last year's first half. And I'll now turn it over to Jim to cover the rest of the businesses, and I'll come back to provide an update on the silicones introduction. Jim?
James R. Fitterling: Thanks, Howard. Moving to Consumer Solutions on slide 8, the segment delivered record first quarter EBITDA of $500 million and its seventh consecutive quarter of growth led by Dow Automotive, Electronic Materials and the contribution from silicone. Dow Automotive achieved an all-time quarterly EBITDA record driven by its 16th consecutive quarter of volume gain, as the business's growth continues to outpace the automotive end market. Consumer Solutions  Silicones delivered strong results led by volume gains in Asia Pacific, particularly in the automotive end market. Electronic Materials delivered its seventh consecutive quarter of EBITDA growth on continued above-market volume gain driven by new business wins and share gain. Infrastructure Solutions on slide nine achieved record quarterly EBITDA of $511 million driven by volume growth, the contribution from silicone and the benefit from on-purpose propylene production. Building & Construction delivered volume growth on strong demand, particularly for commercial application. The silicones business reported volume growth on robust demand for pressure-sensitive adhesives, label-stock release liners and Building & Construction application. Silicones also benefited from the significant cost synergy savings, and our Performance Monomers business benefited from tighter industry fundamentals and reduced turnaround spending. Performance Materials & Chemicals on Slide 10 delivered a year-over-year EBITDA increase of $100 million. Equity earnings and volume gains in all geographic areas and all businesses more than offset margin compression in some of the products. Polyurethanes achieved double-digit growth on continued robust demand for systems application, particularly in building insulation and household appliances as well as tight market conditions in isocyanate. Industrial Solutions grew volume in high-value applications for textiles, lubricants and electronics, with double-digit volume growth in Asia Pacific. The business also reported higher equity earnings. On Slide 11, Performance Plastic's EBITDA was flat year-over-year as volume growth and price gains offset increased feedstock cost, and we absorbed more than $100 million of headwinds in the quarter. These headwinds were evenly split between planned maintenance and turnaround spending and U.S. Gulf Coast commissioning cost. Packaging and Specialty Plastics achieved record first quarter sales volume and its 11th consecutive quarter of sales volume growth. The business expanded variable margin as polyethylene supply-demand fundamentals remained tight, and chain inventory continued at low levels. Elastomers also reported record first quarter sales volume and its ninth consecutive quarter of sales volume growth, led by strong demand in transportation, packaging and high-performance athletic footwear applications. I'll now turn it back to Howard for an update on the silicones integration.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Thanks, Jim. Turning to Slide 13, I want to thank the Dow Corning and the Dow teams for their efforts to drive a seamless integration. It continues to exceed our expectations, and as you clearly see, based on the result, we have accelerated the cost-synergy realization. In fact, we hit our $400 million run-rate target in the quarter and saw approximately $100 million of realized savings drop to the bottom-line. And we delivered this more than a year earlier than planned, which reflects Dow's strong project management skills and bodes well for the implementation phase of the Dow-DuPont merger. With the cost synergies achieved, our mindset increasingly focuses on growth. Here, too, we're ahead of plan and are seeing early commercial wins and robust volume growth, and this is just the beginning. Turning to slide 14, you'll recall that our stated goal is at least $100 million in growth synergies by the end of year three from the close of the silicones transaction. In 2016, we rapidly defined our growth synergy playbook. As part of that process, we identified and are now tracking more than 400 distinct growth opportunities. We have a clear line of sight to attaining our target, and our execution plans are well underway. We see the growth synergy initiatives delivering at least $400 million of additional revenue, with more than 70% of that aligned to our core end markets. And, in fact, we've already secured some early wins in Automotive, Building and Construction as well as Home and Personal Care. One example is LIQUIDARMOR LT. The Dow Building and Construction team recently launched this flashing and sealant for the commercial building market. This new to the world product takes advantage of silicones' low-temperature flexibility and can be applied in weather as cold as negative 20 degrees Fahrenheit, meaning year-round. We've also achieved synergy wins in automotive brake fluid applications, feeding solutions, as well as into multiple home and personal care applications with brand owners around the world. You can expect our teams to continue to show the same disciplined mindset on growth that rapidly delivered the cost synergies well ahead of schedule. With that, I'll turn the call back to Andrew.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. Thank you, Howard. Dow Corning is one of the most comprehensive examples of our integration and innovation growth strategy in action. And if you turn to slide 16, you'll see that the long-term Dow strategy has been well articulated. The Dow-DuPont merger is a key part of realizing the strategy, and it accelerates our execution as well as builds upon the trajectory we have consistently driven for the past many years. This strategy, reaffirmed by our Board and executive management in 2013, is underpinned by our unparalleled combination of world-class innovation and industry leading integration. We deploy that expertise and strength to the consumer-led end markets that value these unique material science capabilities in packaging, transportation, consumer care and infrastructure, going narrower and deeper, making strict value-based portfolio decisions, delivering superior returns, all based upon our integration and innovation drivers. This strategy has fundamentally shifted our growth and earnings trajectory, delivering impressive volume growth, significant EPS growth and, ultimately, higher cash flows that have enabled us to invest in our next chapter of growth, while also increasingly rewarding shareholders. We are actively working on the next phase of this growth strategy, and that work starts with a view towards market trends and our capabilities. And turning to Slide 17, the post-merger Materials Science division company will have nearly 90% of its revenues aligned to these four core end markets. These markets are attractive; they're growing spaces that are fueled by strong demand drivers, including sustainable organization and a growing middle class around the world. They are markets that have shown great resilience and consistent growth over time, and they are sectors where Dow has leading positions today. We are attracted to these markets because they are increasingly demanding a broader and more complex suite of technology offerings and capabilities, market access and customer intimacy and the unique combination of local presence and global scale. The winner in these markets brings the complete toolkit to the table. That's how Dow has earned a seat at our customers' design table, working hand-in-hand with brand owners, OEMs and other value-chain members to customize and spec in breakthrough innovation. Turning to Slide 18, to do so, we've reinvigorated our innovation engine. We've done it through thoughtful investments in capability, in people and in bringing a business lens to the laboratory. Today, Dow has a truly world-class R&D franchise. Here are some proof points: we have enhanced product commercialization and rapid prototyping, catalyzed by our investments in proprietary high-throughput R&D capability. Dow now launches more than 5,000 new products each year and executes more than 2 million experiments annually. We have boosted our IP portfolio to ensure that our innovations are protected and unique. We received 754 U.S. patent grants in 2016, an all-time record for Dow, and our eighth consecutive year of record patent grant. And we continue to attract the best minds. Since 2010, we have recruited more than 600 PhDs and post docs from the top 20 U.S. technology universities alone. These results reflect the steadfast commitment to our strategy, our core consumer-led markets and our customers. And the success we've had is hitting the bottom-line. We have had many examples where innovation-led profitable growth has fundamentally reinvented our businesses, driving both longstanding demand growth and significant EBITDA margin expansion. And our results over these last 18 quarters bear testimony to the margin and cash opportunities for these new products over the next 5 years. Turning to Slide 19, the second pillar of our strategy for the next 5 years is our integration. And here, too, we have invested significantly to ensure we maintain our unmatched strength. Our growth investments in the U.S. Gulf Coast and the Middle East create a multiplier effect by broadening our market and geographic access and enhancing our competitive advantage in key regions around the world. These investments create powerful and cost-advantaged manufacturing hubs, where we can deploy our unique technology capabilities and capture growth where growth exists. In both cases, we are bringing forward the industry's broadest and most differentiated derivatives slate. These are not ordinary investments, but rather they are carefully crafted to take advantage of the consumer-led demand drivers in our core markets. Both of these megaprojects are on the cusp of shifting to earnings tailwind, as they fully come online, activating this critical element of our compelling growth story. And as you have come to expect from Dow, as we turn the page on these investments, we're not resting on our laurels. We still see vast potential in these markets and the regions they serve, and these investments provide a springboard to drive the next chapter of Dow's growth trajectory. We will be announcing this next phase of this investment very soon. Slide 20 says this strategy of innovation, integration and growth investment to drive narrower and deeper to our core markets has delivered at the bottom line with increasing earnings and cash flows. Looking at our financial scorecard today, you see the significant progress we have made since 2012. Dow has improved its ROC by 390 basis points. We have delivered an EPS CAGR of 18%. We have taken out nearly $3 billion through productivity, cost control and synergies. We have maintained a strong liquidity and financial position, and the core Dow cash engine is thriving. Free cash flow has doubled from $1.5 billion to now $3 billion on a trailing 12-month basis, while at the same time, we had funded our key growth projects. This trajectory will be further enhanced as our CapEx returns to DNA levels and our aforementioned growth projects become operational. Slide 21, and so today, as we look forward, the strength of our future trajectory is evident. We have an enterprise that has delivered greater than $10 billion of EBITDA on a trailing 12-month basis and has a full arsenal of growth investments to deliver the next level of earnings growth to $15 billion and beyond. And as we realize these higher earnings, cash flow from operations will be further enhanced by up to $5 billion, providing a higher base to invest in our growth and reward our shareholders. We have an enterprise with a consistent strategy rooted in integration and innovation, driven by a narrower and deeper presence in our core markets and committed to continuous productivity. And we can deliver this next phase without the significant investment headwinds of the previous 5 years. On Slide 22, as we look into and well beyond our intended merge and spin transaction with DuPont, this is our North Star, our winning strategy, our winning portfolio and a suite of growth investment and a winning team with a strong execution mindset, and it continues to guide our path forward. Therefore, our growth strategy going forward remains grounded in these fundamental elements. We will deliver strong cash flow as our current growth investments at Sadara and in the U.S. Gulf Coast come online. We will continue to drive narrower and deeper into our core Materials Science end market. We will further bolster our world-class innovation and industry-leading integration. We will deliver our cost synergies from the Dow-DuPont merger and maintain a mindset of continuous productivity. And we will soon deliver the world's leading Materials Science Company, a growth company rooted in the strategy that we are executing against today and that positions us well to maximize shareholder value creation in the future. A strong earnings growth story, a strong cash flow story and a focused growth company. And with that, Neal, let's turn to Q&A.
Neal Sheorey: Thank you, Andrew. Now we will move on to your questions. I ask that you please keep to one question so that we can allow as many people as possible the opportunity to ask a question. First, however, I would like to remind you that my comments regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Rochelle, would you please explain the Q&A procedure?
Operator: Thank you. And our first question, we'll hear from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David I. Begleiter: Good morning. Andrew and Jim, on the ethylene chain, the ethylene cycle, as we head to the back half of the year, how are you viewing the strength in the cycle, and h ow that might be sustained or whatever?
James R. Fitterling: Good morning, David. Look, the ethylene cycle continues to look attractive to us even in the slower growth environment. And our view on oil, obviously is in kind of a low-to-mid oil pricing environment. Operating rates are still hanging in there at 90%, even with new capacities coming online. And that's with the look that monomers are going to come on probably ahead of the polymer capacity. So I think our view is continued strength in the ethylene cycle and continued strength in the polymer market.
Operator: And we'll next move to Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Stephen Andrews: Thanks and good morning. Just on the Texas cracker, when do you think you'll actually be selling commercial volumes of polyethylene, and how fast do you think you'll ramp up, or when do you think you'll ramp up to sort of complete utilization?
James R. Fitterling: Morning, Vince. On the U.S. Gulf Coast, we're about 50% through the commissioning phase of the Texas 9 cracker right now. So we're targeting mid-year to have ethylene. We have two plastics plants that will come up at the same time as that plant. We have a high pressure, low density plant for kind of a next-generation low density product to bring to the market, similar to the fourth plant that Andrew mentioned in Sadara that started up just this week. And we also have another plastics plant that's coming on for our Elite branded Performance Plastics technologies, which go into high performance food packaging, specialty packaging, and our hygiene and medical applications. So both of those will come on mid-year. And then we move with the next phase of (24:47) in the first part of 2018. We'll have two more plastics plant in the first part of 2018 as well as a de-bottleneck on some gas phase assets, which we'll be making bimodal pipe products for high pressure pipe application.
Operator: And, next, we will hear from Hassan Ahmed with Alembic Global.
Hassan I. Ahmed: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew N. Liveris: Good morning.
Hassan I. Ahmed: Andrew, obviously, as we sort of look at the cycle, there seems to be increased capacity addition momentum in 2018 and 2019 and sort of a tapering off thereafter. So my question really is  a) what are you thinking in terms of the next wave of capacity additions? Will you be partaking in that? Question one. And associated with that, would be that obviously we're seeing increased activity in Saudi Arabia. Obviously, Aramco has  your joint venture partner, has very aggressive capacity growth plans within petrochemicals as a part of their Vision 2030. But, similarly, you're seeing more and more of the Middle Eastern companies come out here as well. We recently heard SABIC announcing plans for a cracker here in the U.S. Epic (26:03) has announced plans as well. So just where will these capacity additions be? Will you be partaking in them? Would love to hear your thoughts.
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, thank you, Hassan. I'll start, and Jim can round off. We definitely will be participating, and I foreshadowed that in my remarks. And I also foreshadowed that as we have done these massive investments, which are, in essence, one grassroots in Sadara and one brownfield in Texas and also in Louisiana, we've had a mind's eye to when these come up, what's the next load of capacity? And you should think of us then as incremental from here because we have these big bases. And there's a lot of work that's been done to define how we get that in place over the next 5 years. And we're reviewing all of that now, and we're going to have something to say about it very soon. You can assume that we're going to be a leader in making sure that we keep our share where it is, if not grow it, especially with these high-end products that we can make, elastomers and the C8s, and some of the more specialty end-uses in packaging, which we see a strong growth market. As regards to Saudi Arabia and Aramco, this clearly a drive by not just Aramco, but as you mentioned, SABIC and others. They're playing in more the low-end type business and the more petrochemical business and the more commodity business, which is fine. We can participate in some of that with them with Aramco as a licensor, maybe as a small equity player. But in the high-end product line, we are their partner of choice. And we're definitely talking to them now quite actively about after we get Sadara through the lender's reliability test what does it look like beyond. And as our partnership evolves, you can assume that The Dow Chemical Company and Saudi Aramco will stay very, very tight together. We are their preferred partner, and we like doing business with them. Jim, did you want to add?
James R. Fitterling: The only thing I would add, Hassan, is we've got a broad range of incremental projects that Andrew spoke of that we'll be looking at here. And additionally, as soon as we can close on the Dow-DuPont deal, we'll want to bring them into that discussion and understand how we can bolt-on some growth capacity for DuPont Performance Materials that we'll need be going into the merged company condition.
Operator: And next, we'll move to Frank Mitsch with Wells Fargo Securities.
Frank J. Mitsch: Hey, good morning, gentlemen. Nice start to the year.
Andrew N. Liveris: Good morning.
Frank J. Mitsch: Jim, when you're talking about the Performance Plastics segment, obviously, the top-line was fairly robust. And you did mention that there was a $100 million negative impact from maintenance expenses as well as commissioning of new  of the new facilities. I was wondering if you could talk about the underlying margins and what you saw in Q1 and, equally, if not more importantly, what your expectations are given market dynamics for Q2?
James R. Fitterling: Sure, Frank, happy to. The underlying business was very strong. The volume was up 5%. The price was up 15%. At the same time, remember that feedstocks year-over-year were up about 40%. So the underlying business performance was closer to a $1.1 billion EBITDA number, before you take those headwinds of the greater than $100 million that we had for commissioning and start-up costs. And on turnaround and maintenance costs, we had the Terneuzen cracker down. It's the first turnaround we've had in Terneuzen for tenure. So obviously that's a sizeable turnaround, and we started that in the first quarter. And then commissioning and startup for Gulf  the Texas 9 cracker, as I mentioned right now, we're about halfway through that. That will complete in the second quarter. So you're going to see some commissioning and start-up costs in the second quarter as well. With that increase in feedstocks cost though and as I talked about the underlying earnings, plastics actually increased variable margins in the quarter. So their price and volume moves were very strong, and they did a good job in that space. They just had these one-time costs that hit them.
Operator: And, next, we'll move on to Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas: Thanks very much.
Andrew N. Liveris: Morning.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas: Hi. Good morning. I think, Andrew that you plan to retire as CEO of The Dow Chemical Company on June 30. Are you open to playing a different leadership role following that retirement, or do you think your career will take a different direction?
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, thank you, Jeff. That's about as direct a question I've had on the topic. Look, clearly, we  we the Board, the Board of the company decides what happens here. And with the delayed close, there has been an awful lot of dialogue. We're not ready to say anything yet, but we will have something to say very shortly. So if you beg our indulgence, that's a pretty important question you just asked. And nothing to do with my importance, everything to do with where we are in closing the merger. So we are talking at the Board level, and we'll have something to say very soon.
Operator: And, next, we'll move on to John Roberts with UBS. Mr. Roberts, your line is open.
Neal Sheorey: We'll move to the next question, please.
Operator: We'll move on to Steve Byrne with Bank of America.
Steve Byrne: Hi. I just wanted to drill in a little bit on materials co. Would you expect that materials co. would invest in downstream specialty products facilities adjacent to Sadara, similar to your Consumer and Infrastructure Solutions businesses, but just in that region? And then similar, on materials co., what would you anticipate revenues out of that spinco to be based off of value-based pricing versus commodity pricing? Can you roughly split between those two buckets?
Andrew N. Liveris: I'll let Jim take the second piece. But Steven, the Saudi-related question and what happens in the construct of our three enterprises post-spin, there is a strong inclination here that the Saudis want to go downstream and want to diversify as part of their Vision 2030. We at Dow have been helping them with that strategy. And in fact we've got some of our own investments downstream, including our membranes facility that we have built there, which is 100% owned, as well as a coatings plant that is under construction that's in our Infrastructure Solutions business. So there's no question that they have interest in the next step of value. We haven't had large discussions about this as a merge co and future spincos yet. I think there's no question that all the spincos, but particularly the specialty co. and the materials co., would have interest in looking at what value creation can occur by being alongside the world's largest industrial complex that has a very low-cost footprint and is very integrated. So I'm sure those conversations will be brokered at the right time, but nothing right now because, of course, where we are right now in our creation of merge co. and spinco. Jim, did you want to add anything on pricing?
James R. Fitterling: On your question on value pricing, greater than 60% of the materials co. portfolio today is consumer driven, and I would already consider in a value pricing type of an environment. When you bring in DuPont Performance Materials and you look at a pro forma of materials co., it's going to be north of $50 billion of revenue. And I would venture that DuPont Performance Materials is going to increase the amount of value pricing as a percent of the consumer-driven applications. So our intent is to continue to go downstream in innovation. As Andrew talked about, we're still investing in R&D. We've got a robust pipeline of new products coming out, automotive, transportation, energy-efficient building products and our food and specialty packaging products, high-pressure pipe. These are all areas that are value-added markets for us, and some of the highest returns that we have in the company.
Operator: And next, we'll move on to Don Carson with Susquehanna Financial Group.
Emily Wagner: Good morning. This is actually Emily Wagner on for Don. You guys confirmed that the total synergy number for the combined company would remain at $3 billion. Could you give us a bit more detail regarding where the additional synergies are coming from in the Materials and Specialty business?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yeah. Look, thank you, Emily. We aren't ready to give you the details and the high-level breakdown that was reaffirmed by DuPont the other day, which is the Materials piece will go from $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion. The Ag, which saw the biggest hit from the remedy  the conditional remedy out of the European Union, we also know there is obviously some more to come there with China and Brazil. So Ag has lifted its number even with those remedies to $1 billion, and then spec co. to $0.4 billion. So that adds up to $3 billion. We knew going in that there is a lot more there than what we announced. We said $3 billion was the floor. Now that we've had a lot of remedy action, we are still confident we can speak to the $3 billion. When we get to close, we'll look under the tent. There is a few things that we're hopeful we'll find, especially in the procurement area and leverage cost. So that's work that Jim and Howard and others will be doing with their DuPont counterparts. But we can reaffirm the $3 billion, which is, I think, the most important thing we will say on that question.
Operator: And, next, we'll move on to Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander: Good morning. I just want to parse out one of the things you said in your opening remarks. For the $15 billion of EBITDA longer term, I think, you indicated that you do need a certain number of additional projects to get there. Roughly, how much CapEx are you thinking of to support that bridge?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yeah. Howard, you haven't had a chance to speak. So why don't we get you to there? And maybe, Jim, you can back up.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Sure, Andrew. Good morning, Laurence. So I mean, look, we've  last year, we peaked at CapEx at $3.8 billion. Just a friendly reminder, that was $100 million less than we had committed to externally. So it was a $3.9 million target, and we spent $3.8 million. This year, we're on trajectory to spend $3.4 billion. And our DNA, as the projects that we've talked about that Andrew and Jim both talked about on the call, as those roll off, our DNA will increase. So you can expect that we can deliver those kinds of EBITDA growth in line with spending at roughly DNA in the $3 billion to 3.4 billion range from a CapEx standpoint.
James R. Fitterling: I would agree with Howard. And I think given the nature of what we've got in front of us, the next three or so years being incremental projects, albeit some of them pretty good sized increments, we can do it within those numbers.
Operator: And we'll next to move to Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets.
Arun Viswanathan: Great. Thanks, guys. Just had a question on Slide 26, your outlook for Q2. It looks like Corning is tracking well ahead of your expectations, but some of the start-up commissioning costs are a little bit stronger. Is that kind of a fair characterization? I mean maybe you can just help us walk through some of your expectations for Q2 and the rest of the year? Thanks.
Andrew N. Liveris: Howard, now you go and then Jim can back up.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Yes, sure. I mean, thanks for highlighting slide 26. I think that's an important slide when you look at the moving parts. I think you've characterized it right. I mean, the underlying volume growth and pricing growth is there, and that should continue. Dow Corning on the silicone's integration that continues. I mean, if you look at the silicones business, since we've owned it, it's grown volumes 6%. So you pick your GDP number, that's roughly 2x global GDP, I would say, at this point. When you look at the second quarter, you definitely are going to have headwinds on both finishing the commissioning of the U.S. Gulf Coast, the Texas-9 cracker and also the Terneuzen cracker that will go through the second quarter. It started in March, but there will be a big chunk of downtime in the second quarter. So that's why we're showing you the headwinds that are non-operating between the planned turnaround and the commissioning costs for Q2.
James R. Fitterling: The only thing I would add, Howard, is that we had pricing momentum through the first quarter. So we ended March at better pricing than we had through the first quarter, so we take that into second quarter. And, as you know, some of these products as you have a pretty sizable step-up in input costs, they don't get passed through within a month. Some of them take a couple of months to pass through, so you'll see some of that come through in second quarter.
Operator: Peter Butler with Glen Hill Investments will have our next question.
Peter E. Butler: Hey, good morning, guys. In getting closer to the consumer increasing your market share in faster growth sectors, how much of an advantage do you guys have having your own sales force, your global sales force organization on the ground? Particularly compared to less advantage smaller competitors. For example, does it produce the extra several cents on polyethylene that your legendary CEO, Ben Branch, was always looking for?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. May he rest in peace. Thank you, Peter. So I'll let Jim take that last piece of your question, but I do want to highlight a very important point I'll use as an example. So Sadara, we've been watching, of course, and building and constructing these 26 units for the last five years. But in parallel, Saudi Aramco gave us the marketing rights and sales rights because we're a trusted on the ground direct supplier to end use customers. We don't use agents. We don't use distributors. We use our own sales force. And we're on the ground in pretty much every country out there  162, to be precise. And these direct interactions we have  I talked about China on the Cramer segment I did today. The fact that we're in Western China, the fact that we're opening up in Urumqi China  go look it up on your map  we have this ability to create new demand, and we can create new demand and we have built a marketing plan and a sales plan with Sadara so that when Sadara starts up every one of its units, we have the warehouses, we have the direct sellers, we have the incremental selling plan, we have the new customers. We have brought the customers to Sadara. We have lined up all the sales such that all these units can start up and run pretty much flat out. That's Dow's sales machine and marketing machine, which was built decades ago, we've doubled down and tripled down on it, especially in the newer emerging geographies, whether they be Africa, whether they be the Middle East itself, whether they be the near Middle East, India and then, of course, Asia. Now, all of that is Dow playbook 101. And this is what I think we've been very, very good at in creating value-driven premiums for our newer portfolio. Over 60% of our portfolio now really is directly driven by end use consumer demand. So we work with our paint customers on their customers' needs, whether it be in China or whether it be in the United States. That functionality is driven by our innovation engine across the product mix and, in particular, the reorientation of plastics. So Jim, why don't you speak now to this premium that we have whether it's driven by packaging or elastomers?
James R. Fitterling: The activity in sales, technical service and applications development exist in every region that we do business. So the labs are local. Customers can come into those labs and work together with us, and we can customize solutions for them. And also we target markets where we can achieve value for the return on business rather than just filling up assets with commodity products. The combination of those two things allows us to achieve higher returns on the polyethylene margins than our competitors. And, obviously, we're not an oil company or we're not a natural gas company. So we don't have that advantage. But we try to cover that with our feedstock flexibility on the integration end. But far and away, the vast majority of our investment is in downstream innovation, more application development and more solutions for these customers. The great example is automotive. We've already launched products in automotive that have chemistries from both Dow Corning and our Dow Automotive business. LIQUIDARMOR that Howard mentioned, silicones and acrylates, combinatorial chemistries to get us new Building & Construction products, already in packaging where Dow Corning had a big presence you already see that happen. When we bring DuPont Performance Materials into this, it's going to be huge.
Operator: And next, we'll hear from Duffy Fischer with Barclays.
Duffy Fischer: Yes, good morning. I wanted to drill down on your marketing agreement with the Saudis. How is that going to play out kind of at the sales line, the EBITDA line and the cash flow line as you report? We've got some production today. Are you seeing those sales roll through from your marketing agreement already? And how will that ramp? And then, do you have to take the working capital on your balance sheet to fill up all of those warehouses you were talking about? So just how should we think about that sales agreement flowing through your financials?
Andrew N. Liveris: Howard?
Howard I. Ungerleider: Yes, thanks, Duffy, for the question. If you go to Slide 26, we tried to give you little bit of modeling guidance, because you're right, because we do  we have responsibility to market the Sadara product everywhere outside of what we call the Middle East Zone, which is the countries around Saudi Arabia, including Saudi Arabia where Sadara will market for themselves. In the first quarter, about 20 basis points of our EBITDA margin dropped. So we had a 61 basis point margin drop year-on-year. 20 basis points of that was due to just the Sadara revenue ramping, because we essentially make a distributor-type or an agency-type commission on those sales. We preserve the profit. We get the 35% of Sadara's profit flowing to our equity earnings. So there is a little bit of disconnect between the two. At this point, I would say for the full year, you should expect about $1.5 billion of revenue coming into Dow's revenue from Sadara. And for the second quarter, we're calling between a 25 basis point and a 50 basis point margin compression on the Dow total bottom-line. Your question around working capital, it should balance itself out. Obviously, we've got to fill the pipeline, so there's a little bit of a build here in the first 90 days or 120 days of each asset coming up. But once they line out, it should be neutral on a Dow working capital basis.
Operator: And next, we'll move on to John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: Thank you. You've significantly cleaned up the JV accounting with the Dow Corning and MEGlobal actions. But even before SADAF, you look at slide 30, you still have a number of other JVs. Are we essentially done with the portfolio actions at the JVs?
Andrew N. Liveris: No. Certainly, thank you for the statement. That was one of our goals, but we were in triple-digit numbers of JVs when we started this five, seven years ago. We're down now to double digits, but that's still a lot of double digits. We have a long tail. So Jim and Howard have been leading an effort and especially the financial group to get us out of the smaller ones. The big ones  there is still some work to be done there, and so we're  we won't say which ones, but we definitely are not stopped to answer your question.
Operator: And we'll move on to Alex Yefremov with Nomura Instinet.
Aleksey Yefremov: Good morning. Thank you. You mentioned margin compression in both Infrastructure and Consumer in the first quarter. Is it fair to say that from at least raw material margin perspective, first quarter would mark the low point for this year, adjusting for seasonality?
Andrew N. Liveris: Do you want to go?
James R. Fitterling: Yeah. Morning, Aleksey. I would say they've experienced a real spike in a couple of key raw materials. Propylene spiked pretty heavily in the first quarter. And then in Building and Construction where the Styrofoam brand installation is one of the big products, they saw a huge spike in styrene monomer, which hit them for polystyrene raw materials. They got prices moving through, but they didn't get enough through in the first quarter to cover all that. I think you'll see some of that improve as we go into the second quarter. I think that's the biggest issue there. The demand is strong. So I don't think there is any issue in terms of demand weakness.
Operator: And, next, we'll move on to Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Berney: Good morning. This is Ryan Berney on for Bob.
Andrew N. Liveris: Morning.
Ryan Berney: I had a question for you on your slide 28. You have a chart at the bottom right showing PE inventories in the U.S., and it looks like you've shown enough years there to hopefully get a full cycle in there. And it looks like, right now, you're trending towards the bottom of that range. So my question for you is, given  in context, a lot of the consultant data seems to call for pretty big price reductions in the back half of this year, and yet we seem to be at the low end of this inventory range. How do you feel that those price discussions have historically played out when you are at the lower end of that range, and maybe what we should expect to see over the next couple of months?
Andrew N. Liveris: Go ahead, Jim.
James R. Fitterling: Yeah. So you're right. Chain margins are low. And in fact, if you went back to last year's charts on this, almost 75% of the data points on last year's charts were at the bottom end of that five-year range. So we continue in that space. There hasn't been much new polymer capacity added. There's been more new monomer capacity than polymer capacity. So these things get disconnected from time to time. Plus I think where you've got the new capacity coming on you're seeing some mix shift around the world. So you've got new capacity coming on in Northeast Asia and in Middle East. And you're bringing product back into the U.S. Gulf Coast. So you're seeing some movement in the regional prices. But we still see strong price momentum heading into Q2. We have North America looking like it's up $0.03, Latin America, similar, and Europe up about 30 a ton. So we're looking as we go into the quarter for continued price movement end of the quarter. Volumes are very strong.
Operator: And next, we'll hear from Chris Parkinson with Credit Suisse. Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Perfect. Thank you. You hit on this a little, but just within Consumer Solutions, you saw pretty good growth across care, auto and silicones. But could you just comment across just the specific raw material headwinds you're seeing in that business, pricing pass through efforts, and just the rough cadence of how you see these themes evolving? Any color would be appreciated. Thanks.
James R. Fitterling: Well, I would say in Consumer Solutions, probably, the biggest pass-through items are going to be when you get into areas where you have the propylene chain impacted. So you saw propylene prices, in some cases, spike pretty substantially in the quarter. And some of the pricing there is indexed to pricing, so it trails the increase in propylene prices. I think you've also got one bit of margin compression in there on a year-over-year basis. We had a unit in Europe called SAFECHEM that we had sold, so that comes out of Consumer Solutions. We also saw  in the silicones segment, we also saw strong volumes and good pricing movements in the quarter, so I think we're going to see that as we move into second quarter.
Operator: And P.J. Juvekar with Citi will have our next question.
P.J. Juvekar: Yes. Hi. Good morning. Just a couple of questions on ethylene, one short term and one long term. In the short term, can you compare the profitability in the first quarter of your U.S. versus European crackers, given that naphtha was advantaged for a while? And then on the long term, as new crackers start up on the Gulf Coast and Sadara, what is the future of MTO and CTO plants in China, obviously this is high-cost capacity, and do we need that during 2018 and 2019? Thank you.
Andrew N. Liveris: Go ahead, Jim.
James R. Fitterling: I'd say two things, P.J. On Europe, on the question specifically on Europe, I think the propane naphtha spreads have changed a lot through the quarter on Europe. And so at one point in the quarter in Europe, naphtha prices were fairly high. We crack a lot more LPGs over in Europe than we have historically. But as you know, we had Terneuzen down for turnaround. So it's a little bit hard to take all that back to the feedstock fundamentals. Once we get Europe  Terneuzen back up and running, I think, we'll see that. But on the issue of propane in the near term, I think that has pushed propane prices up. So relative to last year, the propane costs are a little bit higher even on that LPG spread. So I think you see a little bit of compression there on the ethylene side on Europe. And on the U.S, we had at different points in time naphtha, propane, butane and ethane. We've alternated between all four of them being the most favored crack in the U.S. Gulf Coast, which speaks to why we have feedstock flexibility, so we can move around with that. Right now, we're back to ethane being favored.
Andrew N. Liveris: And on the China thing, just my direct exposure to the Chinese administration suggests their connectivity to emissions and emissions control is strong. So even though they have got the CTO/MTO capacity P.J., they're slowing it down quite a lot. And most of the stuff that's out up is really commodity low-value polyethylene. So it doesn't really impact much of the supply-demand balances. So I do believe that they're very serious about emissions. And that is part of the reason we're growing in China. We have a lot of good product to supply markets that control emissions like energy efficiency building materials. So all of that to tell you that we're not as concerned about the rate of that.
Operator: And, next, we'll move on to Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners.
Kevin W. McCarthy: Yes. Good morning. Your Performance Materials & Chemicals segment posted strong results relative to the street expectations and also year-over-year. So wondering if you could talk through your outlook for the polyurethanes business specifically. It seems to me you have a number of moving parts there in terms of industry outages in MDI. And I think you cited strength in systems, PDH uplift, etcetera. So how would you characterize the sustainability or durability that you saw in 1Q, as you look through the latter nine months of the year?
James R. Fitterling: Yeah. Thanks, Kevin. The volume trends are very strong. If you look in polyurethanes, the systems volumes and the MDI volumes are both double-digit growth. And as you mentioned in North America we're going to be a little bit limited on MDI and PO, because we have a planned turnaround there. But the pricing momentum has been strong in those spots. And even when we come back, realize that we're not a merchant MDI seller. We're selling into the systems market and into formulated end product. So compared to some of our competitors who are big merchants, MDI sellers, we may look a little bit different there. The other thing I'd say, besides the volume and price moves, our equity earnings improved in this segment. And also, we're capturing some of the margins from on-purpose propylene. So at points in time in the first quarter, the spreads on propane propylene were as much as $0.30 a pound and we ran the unit at greater than 95% of capacity in the first quarter. So that helped too.
Operator: And that will conclude the question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Neal Sheorey for any additional or closing remarks.
Neal Sheorey: Thanks very much, Rochelle. Andrew, before we close the call, would you like to make any final comments?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. I do want to go back to the questions, I hit at it, but I just want to wrap it all together. Slide 22 does the best job of wrapping it all together. The way you should be thinking about our year going forward is the 18 quarters in a row, we've got merge co running in front of us, so delivering the cost synergies, point number four on that slide, is job 1, 2 and 3, I mentioned that. Also getting everything ready for spin, including a comprehensive portfolio review as soon as practical so that we can really look at what markets align to what parts of the portfolio. We haven't had good views to that because we haven't been able to get together. And so we're very committed to working on that together so we can get the right shareholder story for the right time to deliver the right results. And then going forward, through the merge into the spin, the question on what's in the out years here, when the out years is only 2 or 3 years away in terms of CapEx and OpEx and all the things that we want to keep investing in. Incrementalizing our big, big investments of these last many years, the point number one, we're going to be delivering very strong cash flows from these incredible investments that we've been putting in place these last 5 years. We've delivered earnings growth. We've delivered strong cash flow increases. We've delivered shareholder remuneration, and we have right in front of us, tailwinds from those investments. So we're going to bring CapEx down to depreciation. We're going to invest in our downstreams where it makes sense. We're going to do that incrementally, and we're going to deliver the shareholder returns that we've been promising and have delivered, in fact, in these last many years. So that slide says a lot, and I want you to focus in on the commitments we are making and the financial underpinning of what that implies.
Neal Sheorey: Thank you, Andrew, and thank you, everyone, for your questions. As always, we appreciate your interest in The Dow Chemical Company. For your reference, a copy of our prepared remarks will be posted on Dow's website later today. This concludes our call for today. We look forward to speaking with you again soon. Thank you.
Operator: And that will conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Neal Sheorey. Please go ahead, sir.
Neal Sheorey: Good morning, and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company's fourth quarter and full year earnings conference call. I'm Neal Sheorey, Vice President of Investor Relations. As usual, we are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, re-transmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's express written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Howard Ungerleider, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer; and Jim Fitterling, President and Chief Operating Officer. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are posted on our Investor Relations' Financial Reporting page. You can also access the slides through the link to our webcast. I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statements disclaimer contained in both the press release and in the slides. In summary, it says that statements in the press release, the presentation and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. A detailed discussion of principal risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results and events to differ materially from such forward-looking statements is included in the section titled, Risk Factors, in our most current Annual Report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q. In addition, some of our comments reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and on our website. Unless otherwise specified, all comparisons presented today will be on a year-over-year basis. Sales comparisons exclude divestitures and acquisitions. EBITDA, EBITDA margins, return on capital and earnings comparisons exclude certain items. I will now turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Neal. If you turn to slide three, good morning, everyone. The fourth quarter of 2016 capped another strong year of performance for Dow in which the full power of our business model was once again on display. We reached 17 consecutive quarters of EPS growth, 13 consecutive quarters of volume growth, another year of record EBITDA, and shareholder returns that have outpaced the industry and the market. As you can see, the Dow team delivered exactly as we said we would in 2016. We have delivered this performance day in and day out against one of the most unpredictable and volatile macroeconomic environments in our history, mitigating risk and driving both top line and bottom line growth. In a world of constant uncertainty, our focus on targeted markets, productivity and investing in strategic growth drivers has resulted in consistent performance, no matter the headwinds, and we have done this while rewarding our shareholders with substantial share repurchases and consistent increases in our dividend, now at a record level. We are exiting 2016 with strong momentum and this bodes well for 2017. Our strategic agenda, our strength in portfolio and our determination to deliver served us well throughout 2016, as it has over the past four-plus years, and as it will continue to do so into 2017 and beyond. Turning to slide four, this brings me to our results for the full year. Here are the headlines. Financially, we grew full year EPS for the fourth consecutive year. We achieved record full year EBITDA. We converted all of our Series A preferred shares into common stock. And we returned $3 billion to shareholders, resulting in a TSR that outperformed the market. Operationally, we exceeded our productivity target. In fact, since 2012, we have removed $2.7 billion of total costs out of our system. We continued our streak of volume growth, which is now more than three full years running. We capitalized on our higher quality portfolio, illustrated through our operating EBITDA margin, which is north of 20%. And we drove operational excellence to ensure we had the pounds to meet growing consumer demand for Dow products. And strategically, we made significant progress on all of our investments for growth, positioning each to deliver in the year ahead. We closed Dow Corning, which was immediately accretive to earnings and far surpassed every value and synergy capture target we set. We achieved multiple milestones to advance the proposed merger with DuPont, including finalizing our plans to ensure we deliver the $1.5 billion of cost synergies for Material Co. Sadara completed its construction phase and is turning its attention to startup activity. And we completed two expansions as part of our U.S. Gulf Coast investment and our new cracker and derivatives remain on target for startup later this year. In sum, 2016 proved to be yet another successful and strategically important year for Dow. We achieved new milestones and drove our focused agenda with clear priorities. I'll have more to say later in the call regarding our track record of success, our outlook, and our priorities. First though, I will turn the call over to Howard to discuss our quarterly performance and our Ag results, and then Jim will then cover the remaining businesses. Howard?
Howard I. Ungerleider: Thanks, Andrew, and good morning, everyone. Turning to slide six, we closed the year with another strong quarterly financial performance. Dow's reported sales in the quarter were $13 billion. Excluding acquisitions, sales grew in nearly all segments, as volume rose 3% and pricing was flat. We reported operating earnings per share of $0.99. Notably, our fourth quarter performance was the highest EPS result of 2016 and in fact our highest fourth quarter in a decade. You will see that our GAAP EPS was primarily impacted by a charge for asbestos-related matters, which was largely due to a voluntary accounting change to accrue for defense costs that were previously expensed as incurred. This change reflects our adoption of common practice as well as our confidence in the improved processes and systems we put in place two years ago to better predict these costs. It also accrues for pending and potential future claims through the terminal date, which drives less volatility in the accrual level. Equally important, these moves provide an increased level of financial transparency through better visibility into our underlying performance. Our record EBITDA of $2.6 billion in the quarter was driven by strong performance in our downstream segment. Consumer Solutions set an all-time quarterly EBITDA record and Infrastructure Solutions and Agricultural Sciences both set fourth quarter EBITDA records. We also continued our focus on productivity and cost out, delivering $60 million in the quarter. And we delivered $1.9 billion of cash flow from operations. Finally, we continued to see the powerful contribution from Dow Corning in the quarter in both our Consumer Solutions and Infrastructure Solutions segments. I'm very pleased with the rapid progress we've made in just seven short months since closing this transaction. Our teams continue to surpass every target set for this integration. On the cost side, we exited the quarter with a cost synergy run rate of more than $360 million. This is more than three times our year-end target and puts us well ahead of schedule to achieve our two-year run rate target of $400 million. It also speaks to the focused and rapid implementation mindset that our teams have taken since day one. On the growth side, we continue to see early cross-selling wins and customer excitement continues to increase as they see the value of our integrated portfolio with silicones, which allows us to go deeper in our key end markets of infrastructure, consumer care, and transportation. Turning to slide eight and our business results, Ag Sciences reported record fourth quarter and full year EBITDA, driven by sales gains from price and volume growth, as well as sales of new Crop Protection technologies, currency improvements, and self-help actions. We've said for years that innovation has always been the centerpiece of our Dow AgroSciences business, and even in this down ag market, we continue to advance our novel technologies. For example, we recently received notification from the EPA that it has federally registered Enlist Duo herbicide for use on Enlist cotton. Additionally, the EPA has now extended the geography for the product from 15 to now 34 states, which covers the vast majority of cotton, corn, and soybean acres in the United States. This marks the full system approval of the Enlist cotton trait, which will now be available this spring. And in 2017, we will launch and ramp several more Crop Protection technologies. Isoclast insecticide will ramp in the U.S., Japan, Korea, and Latin America. We will launch Arylex herbicide in Europe, Canada, and Australia. And we will pursue line extensions such as Resicore herbicide in the U.S. and Strongarm herbicide in Latin America. You can expect innovation to remain front and center in Dow AgroSciences. Now, let me turn it over to Jim to cover the rest of our segments.
James R. Fitterling: Thank you, Howard. Moving to Consumer Solutions on slide nine, the segment reported record quarterly and full year EBITDA, boosted by the integration of Dow Corning, as well as new commercial wins and market share gain. This marks the fifth consecutive year of EBITDA growth for this segment. Dow Automotive reported its eighth consecutive quarter of EBITDA growth. The business had record fourth quarter and full year EBITDA, driven by double-digit volume gains in Greater China and Brazil. Dow Auto also continues to grow well in excess of industry growth rates fueled by its innovation strength. As an example, our structural adhesives platform grew nearly four times the market year-over-year. Consumer Care achieved double-digit volume growth in the Americas on market share gains of new product introductions tied to trends in gluten-free food and single dose detergent applications. Dow Electronic Materials achieved record fourth quarter and full year EBITDA results on continued above market volume growth. The business has now grown EBITDA for the sixth consecutive quarter. And the silicones business in this segment saw continued strong demand and volume gains in Asia Pacific, particularly in the automotive and electronics end markets. Moving to Infrastructure Solutions on slide 10, the segment reported record fourth quarter EBITDA, driven by the integration of Dow Corning. Dow Building & Construction delivered volume growth on double-digit gains for cellulosics-based construction chemicals, which is now in a sold-out position. Business also delivered its second consecutive year of record EBITDA. The silicones business in this segment reported volume growth in Asia Pacific and EMEAI on robust demands in pressure-sensitive adhesives and release liners. In Energy & Water Solutions, water volume declined year-over-year due to soft demand for reverse osmosis membranes used in industrial applications. However, RO membrane sales grew double digits sequentially driven by increased demand in emerging geographies. Energy saw lower volume on reduced demand from refining and processing end markets, however, we did see early signs of a rebound in U.S. shale, which led to business reporting double-digit growth sequentially in this end market. Dow Coating Materials reported volume gains in all market sectors. And in Performance Monomers, we progressed well through a large planned turnaround at our Texas site. On slide 11, Performance Materials & Chemicals reported volume growth with gains in most geographic areas, led by double-digit volume growth in Greater China. Polyurethanes reported volume growth for the 15th consecutive quarter. This business saw a double-digit increase in demand for a higher-margin systems application. Industrial Solutions reported record sales volume in Greater China and higher equity earnings, driven by improved MEG pricing. Moving to slide 12, Performance Plastics reported record sales volume in most businesses. Dow Packaging and Specialty Plastics delivered record quarterly and full year sales volume on ramping Sadara production, which led to double-digit growth in Greater China and strong demand in North America and EMEAI. Dow Elastomers also reported a record quarterly and full year sales volume, driven by continued strength in the automotive end market, as well as steady growth in hot melt adhesives and share gains in athletic footwear. We delivered these results despite a nearly $125 million impact from planned maintenance and expansion activities in the quarter, plus an additional $100 million increase in feedstocks and energy costs. We also achieved two important capacity expansions in the quarter. In Seadrift, Texas, we completed the expansion of a polyethylene facility in December and in Plaquemine, Louisiana, during our planned turnaround at the LA-3 cracker, we expanded that plant's ethylene capacity by up to 250,000 tons by increasing the ability to crack ethane, while maintaining the flexibility to crack propane, butane and naphtha. Since startup, we've been conducting test runs of the cracker's new capabilities and we've ramped the ethane cracking capabilities while also proving the operational reliability of the plant. Today, I can report that we've exceeded the original design case by approving the plant's ability to crack more than 80% ethane and we've maintained the flexibility to switch between ethane and propane. This agility further maximizes our cash generation to deliver competitive advantage for our downstream businesses. As we've said before, the long-term winners are the players that own the entire chain integration and can manage the swings through feedstock flexibility, geographic diversification, innovation and differentiation. Dow's best-in-class feedstock flexibility in the U.S. and Europe remain a key differentiator to our competitive advantage. No one rivals Dow on this front and our results have shown this time and time again. Now, let me turn the call back over to Andrew.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Jim, and if everyone can turn to slide 14 and turning to our outlook, where we are seeing early signs of positive momentum with the U.S. in expansionary mode, driven by ongoing strength of the consumer and the tailwind of the new incoming Trump administration, which really has articulated a focus on structural reforms in several areas, including competitive taxes, smart regulation and fair trade rules. As you know, I met with the President and his team earlier this week and I'm honored to be serving a leadership role in working closely with the administration to create a vibrant U.S. manufacturing sector through a robust action agenda with focus on near-term actionable plans. Europe continues its gradual recovery despite increasing political uncertainty. Sustained growth of Asia's middle class continues to drive demand through that region and we see improvement in Latin America from its low base. We expect demand for Dow's portfolio will continue to be strong in 2017, particularly in our downstream market-facing businesses. With our broad geographic reach, our unique innovations, and integration strength, we will see stronger growth in a world that has begun to exhibit stronger growth in the last few years. And finally, with consumers increasingly demanding Dow's products, our strategic investments are well timed to deliver the next layers of earnings and cash flow generation. Sadara will continue ramping through 2017 to meet growth in Asia, Africa, the Middle East, India and Eastern Europe. Dow Corning adds new market channels and a technology tool kit that enhances our core Materials Sciences businesses. And the U.S. Gulf projects bolster our Performance Plastics franchise in the Americas with the industry's broadest and most differentiated derivative slate. Turning to slide 15, taking a high view and elevating from the near-term outlook, what you have seen from Dow is that it is the consistency and agility of our business model that has proven time and again to be the key driver of our consistent outperformance versus our peers in the market, no matter what the macros throw at us. This business model was reviewed and reaffirmed by our board and executive management team in 2013 and we've been executing against it with a relentless focus on specific goals. Grow earnings, significantly tilt our portfolio toward attractive, consumer-driven end markets, upgrade the quality of our business by divesting low ROC non-strategic assets, drive a culture of continuous productivity, enhance our portfolio with high-quality complementary market-focused businesses, such as Dow Corning silicones franchise, and execute integration and innovation investments to capture growth for the future. When we set out on this path, we knew that our success would ultimately be reflected in the value we unlocked for our shareholders and our success is evident, not just this quarter, not just this year, but for these last four years. The results of our actions are clear and they're powerful. Speaking in specifics, our portfolio is now 60% driven by consumer-led markets. We've delivered a 7% EBITDA CAGR since 2012 and have seen our average margin improve 700 basis points over that timeframe. We've grown EPS at an 18% CAGR, nearly double our 10% target. We've returned more than $16 billion of cash to our owners and our TSR has outperformed the S&P 500 and the S&P Chemicals Index on a one-year, three-year and five-year basis. And as we close the fourth year of executing this growth roadmap, we have positioned the portfolio with our mantra being to deliver stable EPS and EBITDA growth across all market conditions. Looking forward, the Dow team remains focused on continuing this path of execution, growth and shareholder returns. Turning to slide 16, this brings me to our 2017 priorities, which are clear and well defined. One, deliver on our operating and financial plan. Two, close the DowDuPont merger, which we expect will occur in the first half of 2017 and quickly drive toward the intended spins. And three, capitalize on our growth investments; U.S. Gulf Coast, Sadara, Dow Corning and our innovation pipeline. Dow has never been better positioned to win for our shareholders, our customers and our employees. The task is clear, and we have the right strategy, the right portfolio and the right team. We will deliver. With that, Neal, let's turn to Q&A.
Neal Sheorey: Thank you, Andrew. Now, we will move on to your questions. I ask that you please keep to one question so that we can allow as many people as possible the opportunity to ask a question. First, however, I would like to remind you that my comments regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Rochelle, would you please explain the Q&A procedure?
Operator: Thank you. And our first question, we'll hear from Frank Mitsch with Wells Fargo Securities.
Frank J. Mitsch: Good morning, gentlemen, an impressive end to the year.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thanks.
Frank J. Mitsch: Hey, we're seeing a lot of publicity regarding the European Union's view on the transaction, and the deadline is now March 14. We're not hearing that much regarding the U.S. and China. I'd appreciate, I guess, your characterization of how your discussions are with the various significant regulatory agencies out there, and the confidence level you have in being able to complete the transaction with DuPont in the first part of this year.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, thank you, Frank. Look, the long pole in the tent has always been the EC clearance, EU clearance. And they are obviously very public as they go through their various milestones. That's very different to other agencies around the world. And we've got clearance in significant number, double-digit number of agencies around the world. But the DOJ or the U.S. and the Chinese MOFCOM are being paralleled with the EC. So we have teams working on that. They don't have the publicity. I was in China just last week, and we are confident that as we saw the EC regulatory issues, and as Ed said on his call, we're confident we can solve them. We're confident that we can get to the right answer that satisfies their innovation remedy request, which, as he said, was speaking to R&D capability of whatever we end up divesting. We believe we can find that sweet spot. And once we've done that, the others will fall in. But we certainly do believe, as he said, and we reaffirm, and there's no dialog between the two companies. We're working hand in glove on this. We clearly can see that this could be a Q2 close, and we understand that.
Operator: And next, we'll move to Hassan Ahmed with Alembic Global.
Hassan I. Ahmed: Morning, Andrew. Just wanted to follow up on the pending merger. Look, I mean, since, call it December 2015, when the merger was announced, clearly the world has changed a lot. Be it the EU side of things, be it higher oil prices, new regime in the U.S., Brexit, et cetera, et cetera. So all of this said, how are you thinking about the synergy calculus? Be it the cost synergies, the growth synergies. Have those numbers changed a bit? Are they higher in your mind? Are they lower? Can you comment about that?
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, I'm going to pass on to Jim, who's running that entire program, but just to preface his comments with one that may be obvious to all of you, but maybe not. Because we've had this extended time, both companies decided to get into it ahead of the close. So, Ed and his team are taking out costs, we're taking out costs, and we're making sure we're counting those against the $3 billion we've all committed. We're not waiting for the approval. Now, you might argue that some of those can't be optimized, because we can't talk to each other on certain things for obvious reasons. So there is a need to make sure that we ground the $3 billion as a rolling number, counting the stuff we've done ahead, but I'll let Jim comment on the confidence level of that number as we sit here today. Jim?
James R. Fitterling: Yes, I would say the confidence number is very high. The team, through the end of third quarter, had documented more than 380 integration synergy projects, so we have a good view to what we need to do once we get to close. Obviously, many of those can't be implemented until we get to close, but as Andrew said, whatever we can accelerate in the near-term, we're trying to accelerate independently. A good example of that would be as the DowDuPont approval is extended, we really shifted some resources internally to go heavy on what we could do with Dow Corning to accelerate that integration, and you see that in this quarter's results. And that has allowed us to get some things done earlier than we expected on Dow Corning, and those resources will now be available once we close the DowDuPont deal to move forward.
Operator: And next, we'll move to P.J. Juvekar with Citigroup.
P.J. Juvekar: Yes, good morning.
Andrew N. Liveris: Morning, P.J.
P.J. Juvekar: Is your Texas-9 cracker on time for mid-2017 startup, and when do you begin to see the full benefit of PDH, as well as Sadara and what's your latest estimate on EBITDA contribution there? Thank you.
Andrew N. Liveris: Go ahead, Jim.
James R. Fitterling: Texas-9 is on track. I was down there two weeks ago. We've crossed 95% mechanical completion, and greater than 50% of the unit operations inside that plant are already into commissioning and startup, and we're turning over units every week. It's really, really coming together strong. PDH, after our early part of the year incidents as PDH, it ran very strong. It ran at nameplate for most of the rest of the year, and so it continues to be able to deliver the capabilities that we said. And obviously, the limit of that is the propane, propylene instantaneous market spreads, which right now continue to be pretty good. So we're in good shape on both of those.
Operator: And next, we'll move on to Steve Byrne with Bank of America.
Steve Byrne: Yes, thank you. With respect to the European Commission concerns, how would you rank their concerns from your view? Overlap between pipeline and patents between the companies, conversely the potential rationalization of pipeline products versus maybe a third bucket being the number of companies out there that are discovering new molecules in crop protection. Those three buckets, if you would, please.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, Steve, see, that's way too much detail than I'm going to offer you in terms of an answer, but I can give you a high level view that, as Ed said, this is focused in on crop protection, and it's really focused in on discovery. So, when we sit in front of them and talk through what the two companies bring to the table on discovery and product development, the innovation thesis gets tackled pretty fast, because we're both innovators and we'll become even better innovators when we're together. And so what they really are asking about is towards the third point you made, which is they want to make sure that whatever comes out of this, that we don't have less innovation. That's their innovation thesis. There are points of agreement and points of disagreement, but we're converging. We're converging on points of agreement and disagreement, and I'm very confident with this 10-day extension, we're going to get to an outcome that satisfies all shareholders and of course the regulatory authorities.
Operator: And next, we'll move on to Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas: Hi, good morning. I see sequentially your pension liability went up by $1.6 billion. I would think that pension expense, pension liability might have moderated because of the interest rate environment. So why is that? And then secondly, if your Texas-9 cracker is effectively almost mechanically complete, your CapEx should probably come down quite a lot next year. So what do you spend on CapEx this year, and what do you plan to spend on CapEx next year for 2017?
Andrew N. Liveris: Howard?
Howard I. Ungerleider: Yes, good morning, Jeff. Look, I mean on pension, what you're seeing there on the balance sheet is really just a year-end mark-to-market true-up for the full year. When you think about it on a go-forward basis, our pension would get to be fully funded with less than a 200 basis point increase in rates, which you could expect in the next several years. I'm not going to call exactly when. On a pension expense standpoint for 2017, you should expect about a $450 million expense for the full year, and then actually, our cash contributions for pension in 2017 should be about $150 million lower 2017 versus 2016, so that will be a cash flow tailwind going into 2017 sequentially. In terms of CapEx, we had a target in 2016 of $3.9 billion. We actually did $100 million better than that. We spent $3.8 billion. About 2/3 of that was on growth. And you're exactly right. As those CapEx projects start to roll off into operations, our CapEx for 2017 will be down. For modeling purposes, I would use a $3.4 billion number, so about a $400 million decrease from 2016.
Andrew N. Liveris: And, Jim, just add some color on that last point.
James R. Fitterling: Yes, I'd say, Jeff, don't forget that we still have four world scale plastics plants that are being finished and that will come on sequentially with the cracker  a couple of them with the cracker and then a couple more as the year progresses. So we've got to finish that CapEx spend too.
Operator: And David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank will have our next question.
David I. Begleiter: Thank you. Andrew and Jim, on that same topic, a lot of moving parts in ethylene, polyethylene in the first half of the year. What's your view on the ethylene chain in the U.S. in the first half of the year in terms of potential margin erosion or margin stabilization, given new capacity coming on stream on the polyethylene side? Thank you.
Andrew N. Liveris: Go ahead, Jim.
James R. Fitterling: David, if anything, the ethylene chain looks like it's staying where it is in terms of operating rate, if not tightening up as we move into the year. We've already seen geographically we've seen some tightening in Asia Pacific and we know that things are going to balance a little bit in North America as we move through the year. There are a couple of plastics plants that will get completed this year. There's been really some length in ethylene in North America as the incremental debottlenecks on the ethylene side and people back integrating themselves have freed up some merchant ethylene. I think through the year, most of that's going to dry up and you're going to start to see ethylene strengthen in North America. And Europe has been balanced and is staying steady and I'd say the growth outlooks for Europe are nice steady increases and it's going to be constructive as we believe oil will be constructive through the year.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, and don't forget, we've been bringing up Sadara polyethylene all through the year and that's been well placed and prices have filled out very nicely, thank you very much. So, the big new capacity coming on includes us and we're not seeing any weakness in the chain. I think we've always said, the ethylene, shape of the ethylene curve this time around is more a plateau than peak and valley. And so, we're seeing it mostly because of these delays that Jim referenced.
Operator: And we'll move on to Jonas Oxgaard with Bernstein.
Jonas Oxgaard: Morning.
Andrew N. Liveris: Morning.
Jonas Oxgaard: Your equity earnings were really quite impressive, particularly Hemlock. And we were wondering, well, what drove that, and on the Hemlock particularly, is any of that some of the contracts enforced by courts or is it true recurring earnings?
Andrew N. Liveris: Go ahead, Howard.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Yes, so look, equity earnings were up over $100 million versus the same quarter last year. And really, a few key drivers are our Kuwait JVs did very well. Our Thai JVs did very well. Sadara was actually in line with our modeling guidance, but it was a headwind year-on-year. And you're right, Jonas, Hemlock had a seasonally strong fourth quarter. It was a combination of just continued improvement in polycrystalline prices, good demand, but then there was a little bit of lumpy revenue in there for some of the deferred contracts. So, all of that is not recurring.
Operator: And we'll move on to Christopher Parkinson with Credit Suisse. Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Thank you. You've clearly executed well on Automotive Systems, but can you just offer a little more insights on the cadence of the annualized build rates on a regional basis or your exhortations there; general trends on your content per vehicle, as well as any preliminary exhortations on the compatibility and synergies with DuPont? Thank you.
Andrew N. Liveris: Go ahead, Jim.
James R. Fitterling: Yes, thank you, Christopher, for the question. It was a very strong year in the United States in auto builds, and SUVs, and light truck builders. It was in Europe and we saw growth coming back at the end of the year in China. China was relatively strong. Some question as you go forward in terms of what the tax credit reduction will do in China. Our expectation is flat with 2016 in China. Europe and U.S. probably up slightly 1%. At the end of the year, we watched very closely on auto builds for inventories with sedans, primarily, and what happened there. But actually, the sedans moved out relatively well with some increased rebates, and so the businesses plateaued to slower growth but at a very, very high level. And surprisingly to the positive, we saw an uptick in Brazil in the fourth quarter and that's the first uptick we've seen there and I'm going to guess three years. So, I think, all in all, a very strong market. Our content, I mentioned on the call we're growing at about four times the rate of the industry average. That's really driven by the amount of use for crash-durable adhesives as it goes into higher performing vehicles, SUVs, crossovers, the light duty vehicles, trucks and that really feeds to our sweet spot. So we're continuing to innovate to grow that content per vehicle.
Operator: And John Roberts with UBS will have our next question.
John Roberts: Thank you. On the $3 billion merger cost savings, you've never given a regional breakdown, but can you tell us if it's consistent with the new priority on maintaining U.S. jobs or do you have to shuffle things a little there? And could we get some new Dow U.S. project announcements, given the priority on U.S. investment?
Andrew N. Liveris: I'll take the back  good morning, John. I'm going to take the back end of your question and then flip to Jim. So, look, we haven't changed anything in our geographic mix based on potential new policies, as I think some of you may have caught my Cramer clip today, that question came up. I said, look, at the end of the day, we're going to achieve cost synergies, which actually does mean head count reduction. So, we don't fit the Presidential agenda right away, but we're creating growth companies that will create growth opportunities. And a good example of that is what we've already announced on Dow Corning with a new R&D center here in Michigan to build on the synergies of Dow Corning and being part of the materials company. So, that's a good example of innovation going ahead of, if you like, the growth curve there. What we've got to do here is get these companies formed, we've got to make them competitive, and then they can grow, and they'll grow along the paradigm of hopefully friendlier policies here in the United States. And I can already see that this administration is going to move fast on taking out regulatory costs and giving us better tax regiments. That's all tailwind to these new companies as we set them up that will lift our growth synergies with time. Jim?
James R. Fitterling: And, John, I would say we haven't released regional targets for the synergies. We do have regional targets and we do have regional teams that will implement those. I don't see anything so far that would change what we're looking to do from a regional basis. A lot of the integration is not driven around our capacity as a growth model. So it's meant for growth. More of it was driven towards back office efficiencies and productivity, but we'll keep an eye to that as that landscape changes.
Operator: And next, we'll move on to Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent S. Andrews: Thanks. Good morning. Hopefully, you can give us an update on feedstock outlook for ethane and propane, both sort of the shorter-term issues we've seen this year with ethane falling off a fair amount and propane I think running up more than expected? And then, how you're thinking about it exiting 2017 into 2018 as the new capacity comes online, anything changed about your view versus prior calls?
Andrew N. Liveris: Go ahead, Jim.
James R. Fitterling: Thanks, Vincent. Our view is still the same in the long-term for 2017, that there's plenty of ethane to run the crackers to the forecast period even with the exports and the new crackers that are coming on. And if anything, U.S. propane is going to be continuing to lengthen. It's going to take an awful lot of propane export to balance this market, we think. We think the length in propane is going to continue as we projected. As we sit here right now, in the short-term, there's been some move of ethane back into rejection, which I would say I believe is a Q1 phenomenon and I think it's going to sort itself out over the next few weeks. I think it's really related to Mont Belvieu storage and a little bit of logistical capabilities. Once that sorts itself out, we think it will move back to normal. Crack spreads for ethane, we're moving up towards $0.70 a million Btu. They've now gone back toward rejection. Our long-term look was they were going to be $0.70 a million Btu to $1 a million Btu in this year.
Andrew N. Liveris: Jim, you may want to mention our flex project.
James R. Fitterling: Yes, and on LA-3, obviously we've increased the capability to crack ethane in LA-3, which gives us 250,000 tons more ethylene out of that unit. It raises that unit's ethane cracking capability above 80%. That unit also has a really strong propane cracking flexibility as well as naphtha. It's the most flexible unit in our fleet now and that's going to provide big advantages in Louisiana, which if anything, from time to time gets tight in that pocket.
Operator: And next, we'll move on to Don Carson with Susquehanna Financial.
Don Carson: Yes, thank you.
Andrew N. Liveris: Good morning.
Don Carson: Andrew, wanted to go back to your view of the polyethylene and ethylene cycles. I look at the charts you have on slide 21. You seem very different than the industry, both in terms of when you see the downturn and how far rates go down. Specifically, you've got 2017 really as the trough in operating rates globally for both ethylene and polyethylene. Most consultants are looking at 2018/2019 as kind of the trough. So what gives you a different view on the cycle? Do you think that the industry forecasts are overstating the capacity visions or are you more optimistic on demand growth?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, so we'll take two slices of that question because it's a hugely important one. Thank you, Don, and I'll give you the slice that all of us here at Dow have been working on for a long time, and Jim and his team spend every day on this. So, what our granularity  and by the way, to your point, we've been different to notable industry consultants for a long time. And I want to point out to you that we've been right and they haven't. And so, we have a granular view on the ground around the world, in particular, of course, where all the new builds are occurring. And of course we're participating in some of those new builds in a big way. But we understand what's going on in terms of steel on the ground, and we understand in terms of what it will take to RTO. And we also understand where people are in that process, and we have the granularity, which is our proprietary data, and we're keeping it to ourselves, but that comes out in this chart that you're referring to. And when you look at the big new builds that were announced a few years back and where they all are, and they're adds on the supply side, that speaks to some of the shape of that curve that you referenced on slide 21. So, it doesn't have an aggressive demand side assumption, and if the aggressive demand side assumption on GDP started lifting, and by the way, we think that's actually getting quite likely, as we reported in our numbers, we're seeing momentum into 2017 in the global economy, and we're seeing momentum here in the United States. And the U.S. GDP assumption we have embedded in some of these numbers is quite low. And so what we see on the supply side in terms of delays, we see delays with MTO and what's going on in China because of emissions and their commitment to Paris. We see Iranian operating challenges, and they have  I was just in Saudi Arabia yesterday. Was that yesterday? Yes, yesterday, and I had a report out from the Minister of Energy there on their view of oil and gas, and specifically to the Iranian production. And I would tell you, our partner there of course is pretty much in the market and knows it a lot. So, their view, our view on oil price, on gas price, on regional prices, on supply side, on Iran, on what's going on in the Middle East in general, is right connected with them. So we believe that the shape of this curve, as I said earlier, is a plateau through a combination of supply side delays and then of course a fairly conservative assumption on demand side, that if it starts correcting itself, we'll actually see the capacity that we're bringing on be well consumed, as already they are out of Sadara. Jim, did you want to add some granularity?
James R. Fitterling: I would only add that polyethylene capacity has not come on in any meaningful way, so it's really constricted a little bit, the ethylene capacity. The ethylene operating rates have been high and steady at 87%, 88%, 89% for the industry, and some of us have been running stronger than that, where we've had the ability to convert the material. As you have more polyethylene capacity come on, that ethylene is going to tighten up. So I don't see this as a trough. I see it more of an adjustment to all of these increments and all of these capacity adds that are coming on over the next three years.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: And next, we'll move on to Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Berney: Good morning. This is Ryan Berney on for Bob.
Andrew N. Liveris: Morning.
Ryan Berney: I was hoping you could provide a little bit of an update on your outlook for pricing in your Ag segment for 2017, particularly on the Crop Protection side, where it sounds like maybe there was a little bit of pricing pressure this quarter.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, Howard.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Yes, look. Thanks a lot for the question. When I look at the fourth quarter from an ag perspective, the Dow AgroSciences team did an exceptional job of delivering year-on-year earnings growth in a tough market. When I look out to the first quarter, look, the highly competitive pricing environment is going to continue. Crop commodity prices remain below historical averages, as you know, and farmer profitability remains under pressure. What I would say is you should expect to see the same thing in 2017 that you saw from the Dow AgroSciences team in the fourth quarter and for the full year. Record fourth quarter EBITDA, record full year EBITDA. It's about innovation and bringing new molecules, specifically Isoclast and Arylex to market with the full Enlist cotton launch. That's going to be additive. We've got product line extensions in our herbicides and insecticides, and then continued self help. So we feel really good about Dow AgroSciences' ability to outperform in what is likely to be another tough year for the Ag sector.
Operator: And next, we'll move on to Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets.
Arun Viswanathan: Great, thanks, good morning. I just had a question. Andrew, you said last year that you were planning on stepping down at the end of the second quarter. Maybe you can just give us an update on your plans. You did say that you've made some changes in the senior leadership team for proposed DowDuPont. Anything else you can share with the management on the new entity as well, that'd be helpful. Thank you.
Andrew N. Liveris: I think the board of our company, as well as, of course, the board of DuPont, which I can't speak for, but certainly, the two companies actually have had at least two sessions together, are being very, very, very mindful of regulatory approval as being the sine qua non gate for all the questions you just asked. So we are very ready, both in terms of board deployment and executive management deployment, and right now we have nothing new to announce in terms of changes to timing other than the focus I just mentioned. We'll close, and then we'll be out of the gate, actually, running start already on synergies, deliver the synergies and get the 18-month timeline on spin. And actually, we are very driven, Ed and I and our teams, to actually once we stage-gate regulatory, to spend meaningful time on even that 18 month to spin. We know that the market is expecting these three companies, and to be formed in the most competitive way possible, which means front-loading the synergies. We have delivered a synergy plan to our boards that front-loads the synergies so that we can get the extraction of value by being together, while at the same time prepping everyone, boards, executive management, to be ready to run the new enterprises. I'm very committed to delivering all of that for our board, and at the right moment, we'll have the appropriate announcements on anything else.
Operator: And next, we'll move on to Peter Butler with Glen Hill Investment.
Peter E. Butler: Andrew, is management execution in the post-merger company a concern to you, or do you see good execution producing financial results, including cost savings, that come in a lot better than what Wall Street has been discounting?
Andrew N. Liveris: All right, Peter, thank you. Good morning. Look, one of the benefits of taking a little longer to get this closed is the two teams have been working together now for a fairly long time, since December of 2015. And as the year progressed last year, we had what, Jim, over 800 people deployed from the two companies working together on granular detail. And our confidence in each other has been increasing and increasing and increasing, from Ed and I, all the way through our teams, Jim and his counterpart, Howard and his counterpart. And the executive managements, of course, we're obviously the drivers of getting all of this done, but I'm very impressed with the quality of the people that we are working together with. We've had mutual town halls. Ed's been to some of our soon-to-be SpecCo sites and ag sites. We've been there together in a couple of instances. I think, Jim, next week we have a few more of those where we'll be going to Performance Materials sites from DuPont, and we'll be talking with our people. We clearly understand the uncertainty cloud that basically goes with a long delay to close, but we have not let that be an excuse, to answer your question. We will execute in an execution culture, and we are very pleased to see the strength of DuPont's results this last year or so. They've been tremendous. They've been outperforming. I think we've been doing the same as we establish our records. So, two performance cultures coming together should be synergistic to more than two.
Operator: And Duffy Fischer with Barclays will have our next question.
Duffy Fischer: Yes, good morning. If we could go back to Ag for a second, with your launch of Enlist over cotton this year, can you just remind us, across both cotton and soybeans, kind of what you think the competitive dynamics will be, your dual herbicide stack versus the competitors? And in Latin America, is Conquesta (48:48) still on track to launch in 2018?
Howard I. Ungerleider: The answer to the last question is a short yes, Duffy, on the 2018 launch. Look, relative to Enlist, we feel really good about the technology. As you know, we've had great success with our Farm Forward trials in corn. We've got a stewarded launch now in corn. We're going to do a full launch of Enlist cotton now that we've got the trait and the herbicide registered. You heard in the prepared remarks that we now have 34 states that have approved the full package. So we feel very good about Enlist, and relative to the competitive set when you think about the lower drift and the lower volatility of our technology, we've had overwhelming positive feedback from all the farmers.
Operator: And we do have time for two more questions. We'll hear from Alex Yefremov with Instinet Nomura.
Aleksey Yefremov: Good morning, thank you. In your coatings and consumer products businesses, your margins expanded as raw materials fell. Now that some of these raw materials are rising, how sustainable are your margins?
Andrew N. Liveris: Jim.
James R. Fitterling: Thanks, Aleksey, for that question. Coatings demand has been strong, and we've been continuing to expand that franchise. As we talked about last year, our attempt there is to try to take more of our monomers position and move it into downstream differentiated coatings and we're doing that, including new capacities in China, Southeast Asia. So, that's been a positive. Building & Construction, even though single family homes in the U.S. have not been strong, you've seen a lot of growth in Building & Construction in new applications, new product, LIQUIDARMOR, that was just announced last year, which is doing well for sealing gaps on commercial and new family homes. But also spray foams has taken off, both at the DIY counter inside of Lowe's, Home Depot, as well as in low pressure applications for contractors coming in and really taking buildings and retrofitting, going into the attic space, sealing them up, tightening them up. And I would say the only drag that we've had in this sector has been Energy & Water as it relates to the oil and gas sector, which we think is turning the corner. Prices are moving up in the first quarter. I think that's a strong indication of the demand growth, and I think we'll be able to maintain, and we have to always watch here, propylene is the thing that we have to watch here. Our PDH capacity gives us some flexibility, a hedge against that and that helps.
Operator: And our final question today will come from Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners.
Kevin W. McCarthy: Good morning. Thank you. Andrew, I was wondering if you might be willing to drill down another layer on some of the structural reforms on the table for the U.S. market. For example, what might implementation of border adjustment mean for Dow Chemical, if that passes as part of tax reform? And with regard to regulations and fair trade, are there specific issues, policy actions, or markets that you might have your eyes on as the year progresses that we should be watching as relevant for investors for Dow Chemical?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, thank you. Appreciate the question, Kevin, and certainly this is not only topic du jour, but it's real-time, right? So we're five or six days into this new administration and clearly the privilege I have, as I said on the call, that I've been asked to lead this Manufacturing Advisory Group, which as you know it was his first meeting on Monday morning. And so, the President is very serious, as is his team, in around the five or six pillars of competitiveness that gets some air time in the press. But certainly the specificity of your question starts to point directionally to some solution space topic. So, starting in no particular order, the regulatory reform one is the one I'm most excited about, because he's asking lots of questions about to all the sectors that are in front of him, inclusive of the autos that have had another bite at the apple on Tuesday. The regulatory costs on manufacturers in the country per employee, almost $20,000 per employee cost of federal regulations. That compares to just short of $10,000 per employee by all firms as a whole. So, manufacturers bid two times the federal regulatory costs than do all other companies. So the manufacturers have specific statements on the sorts of regs that have been coming out, especially these last eight years, that have really crippled us in terms of locating factories in the United States despite a decent growing U.S. market. So that speaks to imminency. I believe 30 days, 60 days you're going to see decisions from the administration that start to lift some of these regulatory burdens, I think a lot of that can be done through executive orders. So that's topic one. Topic two, anything to do with tax reform is built into what's going on with the blueprint out of the House, and the Senate, and the Ryan Plan. But in addition, the President's got some specific statements and views on, in particular, the border tax. He has some views on border tax, the Ryan Plan speaks to border adjustment tax. The border adjustment tax, which is your question, will be, for us, a big positive. We're a big exporter out of the United States. That will immediately accrue to our bottom line as a significant tax advantage for us. And so, frankly, we're quite big supporters of it, but different sectors are not and so there is a lot between here and enactment of something like that. Certainly, punitive measures as it relates to border tax specific to certain sectors or certain companies, that's not the agenda that's going to be driven here. Bilateral trade will be, and putting in place bilateral trade agreements that speak to border adjustment tax per the Ryan Plan. We're big proponents for what you're going to see. There will be something on the loss side of that. There will be stuff that we lose in terms of depreciation assets and claiming those, maybe a little bit on the R&D side. So we're going to have to watch all of that, but we have a seat at the table and we'll be definitely very, very vocal on some of those things. And then, not taking too much more time on the call, on infrastructure, we'll be a big beneficiary. Increases on investment here in the United States. And infrastructure, many of the businesses in the Infrastructure Solutions business will benefit from that. Building & Construction business, the Coatings business, those are all going to be beneficiaries of more spend here in the U.S. And then, energy policy. As we move through energy policy that takes off regulations. I mean, the Keystone Pipeline decision alone is a big positive for us and we've got certain things we can now go do that actually unlock more supply side, take out the cost of supply. And then, on top of that, help us, if you like, look at expansion opportunities against the shale gas opportunity for our businesses here in the U.S. But, all of that has to be taken through the Department of Energy and the work will be done there, especially as it relates to the climate change agenda, which will also be on the table. I don't have enough time to go through it all, but just to give you some flavor of the topics that are being discussed as recent as this week.
Operator: And at this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Neal Sheorey for any additional or closing remarks.
Neal Sheorey: Sure, thank you, Rochelle. I'll now turn the call back to Andrew for some final remarks.
Andrew N. Liveris: There's a lot that can be said in final remarks, but you've got to home in on 2016 as another record year, seminal year for The Dow Chemical Company. The portfolio we've put in place these last many years as we shed low cost  I'm sorry, commodity-oriented, low ROC businesses that have been part of our commodity portfolio for more than a dozen years. We've been shedding those and replacing them with high value IROC businesses. And you can see we're a portfolio for all seasons. We literally are firing on all cylinders. There's no question that our self-help programs, and productivity, and our innovation agenda, our integration investments that Jim talked about as it relates to the feedstock flexibility, have enabled us to set record EBITDA margins, record EBITDA. And as we exit the quarter, in fourth quarter we exited with momentum. Just volume of growth alone, 13 straight quarters, is impressive and amazing, but think about China number. We grew 27% year-on-year in China in the fourth quarter. Everyone is bemoaning what's going on in China. We've got an expansion strategy in China that's going to all of the geographies of China, opening up offices, and we're the first there and selling products to the tune of the volume growth that I just mentioned. And that's without acquisition numbers. With acquisition numbers, our volume in China grew 56%. So we are really growing where growth is. In addition, we are a cash story. The cash we're returning to our shareholders, the cash flow that's being generated. Remember, we've had the headwind of investments these last many years. And as Don Carson said in his question, as your CapEx starts coming down, as we go down the CapEx cycle, as we release more cash from these new capacities coming on at about the right time, then that will add just more and more cash that we can deliver to all of you, our shareholders. So these smart portfolio moves, this fortress balance sheet we've created, this focus on shareholder return, the record dividend we're at, and the record share price, if I can close on that thought, is to reward you, our shareholders. And 2017 will be yet again another breakout year for Dow as we move towards closing the merger.
Neal Sheorey: All right, thank you very much, Andrew, and thank you, everyone, for your questions. As always, we appreciate your interest in The Dow Chemical Company. For your reference, a copy of our prepared comments will be posted on Dow's website later today. This concludes our call for today. We look forward to speaking with you again soon. Thank you.
Operator: And that will conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company's Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Results Conference Call. Also, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Neal Sheorey. Please go ahead, sir.
Neal Sheorey: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company's third quarter earnings conference call. I am Neal Sheorey, Vice President of Investor Relations. As usual, we are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Howard Ungerleider, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer; and Jim Fitterling, President and Chief Operating Officer. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are posted on our Investor Relations Financial Reporting page. You can also access the sides through the link to our webcast. I would like to direct your attention to the Forward-Looking Statement Disclaimer contained in both the press release and in the slides. In summary, it says that statements in the press release, the presentation and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under Federal Securities Laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. In addition, some of our comments reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and on our website. Unless otherwise specified, all comparisons presented today will be on a year-over-year basis. Sales comparisons exclude divestitures and acquisitions. EBITDA, EBITDA margins, return on capital and earnings comparisons exclude certain items. Some of our comments may also contain statements about our announced agreement to complete a merger of equals with DuPont, and the intention to subsequently spin into three independent publicly-traded companies. In connection with this intended transaction, Dow and DuPont have filed and will file materials with the SEC that contain important information. We advise you to read them. These filings are available free of charge from the SEC or Dow or DuPont as applicable. I will now turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Neal. And, if everyone could turn to slide three  good morning to everyone. The Dow team continues to deliver against every one of our goals for the year, building on our consistent track record of execution. Let's start with the financial highlights. We achieved record third quarter EBITDA and our highest third quarter EPS in a decade. This quarter marks four full years, 16 consecutive quarters of earnings growth and margin expansion. In addition, we returned more than $900 million of cash to our owners through stock buybacks and dividends. Operationally, we continue to meet consumer-led demand for Dow products and solutions, driving volume gains in all geographies. We've now consistently grown volume over three years, 12 consecutive quarters, despite a slow growth macro environment. We also delivered another quarter of productivity and cost savings, bringing the year-to-date contribution to $254 million on track to exceed our 2016 target. On our strategic projects, we accelerated the Dow Corning integration moving quickly on our cost synergies as we said we would. Our Sadara joint venture celebrated the startup of its multi-feed cracker and a third polyethylene train. And our next wave of U.S. Gulf Coast projects is on the cusp of delivering bottom-line results. Dow has proven time and again the power and resilience of our business model. Our focused market participation shows resiliency in all environments, our commitment to self-help productivity and cost-cutting and the compelling upside from our strategic investments. Collectively, these drivers will deliver the next levels of earnings and cash flow growth and delivering that cash to our owners. I'll now turn the call over to Howard to discuss our financial performance, the Dow Corning integration, modeling guidance, and our Ag results; Jim will cover the remaining businesses; and I'll close with some thoughts on our track record of success and our future growth trajectory. Howard?
Howard I. Ungerleider: Thanks, Andrew, and good morning, everyone. Turning to slide five, we had a number of important financial achievements in the quarter. We delivered operating EPS of $0.91, an 11% increase. We achieved record third quarter operating EBITDA of $2.5 billion, up $118 million, and we expanded our operating EBITDA margin to 20%. Our earnings expansion was driven by our consumer-oriented businesses, which features strong results with the integration of Dow Corning and better than expected performance in Dow Ag. We grew volume in every geographic area in the quarter with notable strength in Europe, which was up 9%, and the United States and China, both up 6%. Productivity continue to be an important contributor. We delivered another $76 million of savings in the quarter. And, finally, we resumed our share buyback program with more than $400 million of share repurchases in the quarter. Moving to slide six, and an update on Dow Corning. Since close, we have been working quickly to integrate the silicones platform into our Consumer Solutions and Infrastructure Solutions businesses as well as capturing the synergies. The quick wins we've already delivered underscore the power of the silicones franchise, its highly complementary hand-in-glove fit with Dow's business model and the role this transaction plays in further enhancing our earnings growth profile. First and foremost, the core business continues to outperform even our initial projections on broad-based volume gains and share growth. Second, I am pleased to report that we've already reached more than $200 million in cost synergies on an annual run rate basis. This was largely due to the value our team has extracted in purchasing, optimizing our warehouse and logistic footprints, as well as consolidating back office operations. We've also completed notifications with the vast majority of impacted roles, with only a small percentage remaining, where we're adhering to local labor rules. We remain on track to achieve a run rate of 70% against our $400 million cost synergy target by the first half of 2017, and 100% by the first half of 2018. And finally, we're also seeing the power of silicones on the growth side of the equation. As we've said for some time, Dow Corning's silicones is a natural fit into Dow's packaging, transportation, infrastructure and consumer care end markets. We are even more positive today about the growth synergy opportunities that this transaction presents. Our commercial and R&D teams finalized the playbook to achieve the $100 million growth synergy target and in fact, we've already delivered some early cross-selling opportunities. Bottom-line, the Dow Corning integration is progressing very well, delivering financial returns, uncovering future growth opportunities and enhancing Dow's market-focused portfolio. Before we turn to our segment results, let me share some thoughts on modeling guidance on slide seven. In the fourth quarter, we expect ag market headwinds to persist, largely offset by our self-help actions. Comparing year-over-year, recall that we sold several nonstrategic molecules last year, which lifted Ag results in that period. Consumer Solutions will benefit from the integration of Dow Corning. Approximately 60% of Dow Corning's EBITDA and synergies are in this segment. We do expect typical seasonality in electronic materials and U.S. auto production as we approach year-end. In Infrastructure Solutions, my comments about Dow Corning apply here as well, with the other 40% of its EBITDA generated here. This segment also consumes roughly one-third of the propylene from our PDH unit. We expect that to be offset by continued oil and gas headwinds in energy and water. Turning to Performance Materials & Chemicals, which consumes two-thirds of the propylene from our PDH unit, from a seasonality standpoint we could see some upside from deicer sales. After all, it did snow yesterday in Michigan. As you know, we have seen compression on the integrated EO and PO margins globally, which will impact PMC. Also, Sadara costs are increasing here as we continue to startup downstream units related to this segment. Finally, in Performance Plastics, we expect a modest uptick from the cracker and the three PE units at Sadara as sales have begun. However, we expect these to be more than offset by higher costs from the Louisiana turnaround, debottleneck and maintenance activities currently underway as well as higher feedstock costs globally. Now, let's turn to our segments. I'll start first with Ag on slide nine and then hand it to Jim to cover the rest of the businesses. Dow Ag continues to outperform despite the ongoing challenging industry fundamentals. Segment EBITDA increased by $141 million and represents the best third quarter results in nearly a decade. Several factors contributed to our success. Share gains due to continued increasing demand for our innovative products, price improvements, continued self-help actions and strong early demand for the Latin America growing season. Latin America seeds was the highlight. Strong demand in the region drove record sales with price and volume both rising by double digits. Corn seed sales nearly tripled primarily on double-digit volume and price growth in Latin America. The business increased share particularly in the Brazilian Safrinha season, where we have a strong position. Soybean sales nearly tripled as well, reflecting higher price and volume. Crop protection set a third quarter EBITDA record supported by improved product mix and the ongoing self-help productivity and cost-cutting actions. Insecticides improved on increased price, while herbicide pricing and fungicide volume each declined. I'll now turn it over to Jim to cover the rest of our segments.
James R. Fitterling: Thank you, Howard. Moving to Consumer Solutions on slide 10, the segment achieved an all-time operating EBITDA record of $492 million, boosted by the integration of Dow Corning, which is further enhancing our end-market positions across this segment. This marks the fifth consecutive quarter of EBITDA growth for this segment and it demonstrates the power and differentiation of our Consumer, Automotive and Electronic Materials franchises. Dow Automotive achieved its seventh consecutive quarter of EBITDA growth and a record third quarter EBITDA led by double-digit volume gains in Asia Pacific on new business wins and market share gains. The business continues to grow above market on demand for Dow's light-weighting solution. Consumer Care grew market shares through gains in home care market sectors and new innovation for personal hygiene solutions. Silicones in the Consumer Solutions segment delivered double-digit volume growth in Asia-Pacific behind demand for electronic and automotive applications. The business also achieved its first cross-selling opportunities with the Dow Automotive, Consumer Care and Polyurethanes businesses. And Dow Electronic Materials achieved record quarterly EBITDA. In addition to ongoing self-help measures, the business captured strong demand in semiconductor, interconnect and display technologies particularly in Asia-Pacific. On slide 11, Infrastructure Solutions delivered EBITDA of $379 million, primarily reflecting the integration of Dow Corning. Dow Building & Construction achieved record third quarter EBITDA and delivered its eighth consecutive quarter of EBITDA growth. The business captured volume gains on demands for acrylic-based construction chemicals and benefited from continued voluntary adoption of our BLUEDGE polymeric flame retardant. Silicones in the Infrastructure Solutions segment reported volume and EBITDA growth driven by improved demand in packaging and building construction applications. Dow Coating Materials reported volume growth in all market segments led by strong demand in Asia-Pacific and gains in both the architectural and industrial coatings sectors. Moving to slide 12. Performance and materials chemicals (sic) [Performance Materials & Chemicals] (13:03) EBITDA declined, primarily due to the impact of portfolio actions which included divestitures and the reduced ownership in MEGlobal as well as higher Sadara start-up costs. In the core business, pricing pressures led to unit margin compression, but this was partly offset by volume growth. In Polyurethanes, we achieved record volume on double-digit gains in specialty polyols and systems houses, led by growth in EMEA and Asia-Pacific. Industrial Solutions reported volume gains in all businesses also led by strength in EMEA and Asia-Pacific. Turning to Performance Plastics on slide 13. The team achieved $1.25 billion of EBITDA and double-digit volume growth, with gains across all businesses. A key part of our continued success is the team's focus on manufacturing reliability and producing incremental volume in a robust demand environment. Dow Packaging and Specialty Plastics delivered record third quarter sales volume on double-digit growth in developed geographies and adoption of new innovations for food and specialty packaging applications. Dow Elastomers also achieved record third quarter volume, driven by increasing global consumer preference for larger vehicles that incorporate more Dow content, as well as double-digit growth in athletic footwear. These applications are further enhanced by our innovative products, such as INTUNE and INFUSE Olefin Block Copolymers. Dow Electrical and Telecommunications reported double-digit volume gains in the Americas, as the business continues to benefit from the global trends for fiberoptic cabling for faster and more reliable wireless connections. Additionally, Sadara started up its multi-feed cracker in August and a third polyethylene train in September, adding to the two polyethylene trains already in operation. In the U.S. Gulf Coast, we commenced the Louisiana turnaround and feedstock flexibility project. That unit will restart later this quarter giving our LA-3 cracker the ability to produce an additional 250,000 tons per year of ethylene and enhancing the reliability of one of the best units in our fleet. During the quarter, our Texas 9 ethylene facility passed 85% mechanical completion and we made significant progress on our Performance Plastics production facilities. Our target for Texas 9 to come online remains mid-2017. And now, I'll hand it back over to Andrew.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Jim. So if you'd turn to slide 15, and there is a chart here that you should pay particular attention to, the one on the right of the slide. As I mentioned at the start of the call, we've now achieved four full years, 16 consecutive quarters, of earnings growth and margin expansion. And we've been doing earnings growth now for over a decade. You can see that we have taken a series of purposeful steps taken over these past many years. These steps are deeply rooted in our strategy to get the near-term right and the long-term right, and steadfast execution from an aligned team Dow. And to put things into context, you actually have to go back to the late 1990s, when our industry came under pressure from state-owned enterprises. Returns were clearly impacted because we all had, Dow included, a me-too product wheel. Low-cost integration was absolutely necessary, but on its own, not enough to ensure long-term profitable growth. Since then, we've taken a number of decisive actions to create a sustainable business model built on both low-cost integration and innovation to drive our narrower and deeper focus in attractive end markets, to invest for growth in consumer-led sectors while having a strong presence in investment-driven markets, like infrastructure, and to control what we can control through disciplined productivity and cost savings. In doing so, we believe we've created a portfolio for all seasons, a more resilient portfolio, one built to grow and last. We have fundamentally shifted our earnings trajectory, not only enhancing our growth but also driving greater consistency. Equally important, we've put in place a series of growth drivers that will serve us well in the near-term and long-term. These include a reinvigorated industry-leading R&D engine, which now delivers over 5,000 new products every year; a new set of technical capabilities, most notably the addition of Dow Corning silicones; an expanded footprint in attractive global markets through our investments in the U.S. Gulf Coast, the Middle East and Asia, positioning us to grow where growth exists; and finally, a low-cost structure that has productivity wide into its very core. These drivers will further enhance our market focus, continue to reduce our volatility, bolster our integration and our innovation and ultimately maximize shareholder value creation. Stepping to slide 16. Of course, the ultimate proof of our business model is the enhanced returns team Dow has delivered, earnings growth, enhanced cash flow and higher shareholder returns. And going forward, our team remains relentlessly focused on our priorities, delivering the operating and financial plan, accelerating earnings growth and value creation through the continued integration of Dow Corning and advancing to the Dow-DuPont transaction and intended spins. And we will do so despite persistent macro uncertainties. As I've said before, regional economic trends are mixed at best. North America and Europe show measured growth, with Dow products growing stronger than the market. Latin America, especially Brazil, which is beginning to recover, is a slow growth environment. However, we do see bright spots there, particularly the Andean economies and Mexico. And economic transitions are underway in Asia, notably China. In this environment, we will continue to find growth where growth exists. That includes our core consumer-led markets of packaging, automotive and construction. As we establish the foundation for the new Dow, we have the right tools in hand to build the world's leading material science company and our four-year streak, 16 consecutive quarters, of earnings growth and margin expansion fuels our excitement for the future. In closing, on slide 17, we have not nor will we lose sight of our priorities. Dow will continue to deliver through our focused portfolio, integration, our innovation and our geographic reach. Through our relentless focus on our execution and on maximizing value creation for our customers, for our shareholders, for the near-term and for the long-term. With that, Neal, let's turn it to Q&A.
Neal Sheorey: Thank you, Andrew. Now, we will move on to your questions. I ask that you please keep to one question so that we can allow as many people as possible the opportunity to ask a question. First, however, I would like to remind you that my earlier comments regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Rochelle, would you please explain the Q&A procedure?
Operator: Thank you And we'll take our first question from Frank Mitsch with Wells Fargo Securities.
Frank J. Mitsch: Hey, good morning, gentlemen and a nice quarter.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thanks, Frank.
Frank J. Mitsch: As I look at the beat that you had and particularly the terrific volumes that you're seeing that we're not really hearing from a lot of other companies out there, and especially given the fact that three months ago we probably weren't as optimistic as what these results turned out to be, what exactly happened over the past three months to lead to this major upside?
Andrew N. Liveris: I'll start off and I'll give it to Jim. At the end of the day, the volume is a harbinger of the product mix, Frank. There's no question that out there consumer demand exists. I just came back from China. I participated in a couple of interesting market-driven events like Walmart had a food safety seminar. There is huge demand for safe food product supply in China. So that type of driver is actually growing double digits, way above the Chinese economy. So where things are weak is in the industrial economy around the world. But where things are strong is safety drivers, hygiene drivers, environmental drivers and actually consumer drivers. And I think our product mix, especially with Dow Corning now added in which has given us new growth synergies, is double down and triple down on that part of the portfolio. And that's also true in packaging and plastics, electrical and telecom and elastomers. Jim, did you want to add?
James R. Fitterling: I would just say in the weak spots, Andrew covered them. In oil and gas, although we've seen a little bit of rebound in the energy sector, it's not enough yet to have a significant impact. And industrial solutions has got some weakness in oil and gas, steel, industrial coatings applications for steel and also some EO derivatives in the ag space. And in Latin America, really Brazil is the story. Our sales in Latin America are good, but Brazil is at bottom and trying to recover right now. Otherwise, the rest of the businesses had strong volume performance and strong demand. North America, Europe, China, Southeast Asia and a little softness in the Middle East because of what's going on with the oil economy.
Operator: And next we'll move to David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David I. Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning.
Andrew N. Liveris: Good morning.
David I. Begleiter: Andrew, another strong quarter in plastics. As we head into 2017 and the startup of a number of ethylene crackers, and even 2018, what's your view on U.S. ethylene chain margin in 2017?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yeah, Jim, why don't you take that one.
James R. Fitterling: Yeah, David, I think the startup of the crackers it's going to be staged over 2017, so our view is you're going to see, obviously from our perspective, some uptick in our sales growth because we've got three new trains from Sadara running now. We'll have a fourth one coming up in first quarter in Sadara and then mid-2017 we've got our Gulf Coast projects coming on. So I think from our perspective, we've been running the franchise flat out for the last 12 months and inventories are at five-year lows in the downstream chain. So our view is the market demand  as long as you don't have a cataclysmic event in the economy, the market demand is going to be there for these products and the timing of these startups is going to be such that I don't think you're going to see it really loosen up that much next year.
Andrew N. Liveris: And bottom-line is that everyone's expectations of a very weak ethylene market in 2017, in our view are way too pessimistic. We're already seeing delays and notably our three PE units started up in Sadara are running flat out and so it's a harbinger of strong demand drivers, especially the areas Jim and I have referred to already.
Operator: And, next, we'll move on to Steve Byrne with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Stephen Byrne: Hi. Continuing on this ethylene chain margin discussion, how would you characterize the feedstock mix in your ethylene crackers right now? How does that compare to where it's been the last couple of years and more importantly, where do you see it going over the next couple years?
Andrew N. Liveris: Go ahead, Jim.
James R. Fitterling: So our mix right now is still light, so obviously ethane and propane both in the mix and it just depends on what part of the world you're in, what's in and what particular week, but that still looks good. Obviously, what you've seen through the course of this year is our naphtha-based units become more competitive, so you're seeing good equity earnings out of our Thai joint ventures. You've seen our positions in Europe become stronger over the last couple of years  I think that continues to play out. Our view is that propane is still long and propane is Dow's big advantage in fleet feedstock flexibility. Propane is still long for some time to come. Ethane is still long until you get to the end of all these projects coming on, which is more like the 1920 timeframe, so our view is we're still going to see some very good chain margin in this space.
Operator: And, next, Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan will have a question.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas: Thanks very much. In your Performance Plastics discussion for the fourth quarter, you framed things year-over-year and last year in Performance Plastics you made about $1.3 billion in EBITDA and it looks like  you seem to say that you're going to be flat to down, which would be sort of roughly a flat performance in the fourth quarter from the third quarter even though propylene prices are up and polyethylene prices are up. Regionally, where are you feeling a squeeze and is this the correct characterization of your guidance?
Andrew N. Liveris: Go ahead, Jim.
James R. Fitterling: I would say, Jeff, the difference I would say is we've got turnarounds in this quarter that are fairly significant, so the Louisiana three turnaround the majority of that cost comes in this quarter and we expect that unit to be up sometime mid-November. That is not just a turnaround but it's also tying in the ethane cracking flexibility, which is both front end on the furnaces and back end on the distillations section and separation section of the plant, so that's a big turnaround. You still got Sadara startup costs for another polyethylene train that comes up in first quarter, so those are neither one in last year. The other example I would give you is when you look at this quarter and third quarter, if you look at the margin compression year-over-year, half of that is from Sadara startup costs in the beginning of the LA-3 turnaround. So I don't think we're foretelling that there is a big margin compression coming here or there is a big drop-off in demand. I think it's really more related to one-off items. We've also been doing turnarounds in our polyethylene derivatives space, so in Seadrift, where we're heavy on electrical and telecom capacity, we've been doing some turnarounds and debottlenecks and reliability work there. We're doing the similar types of things in St. Charles in our LP-6 plant. We're getting ready for really the Texas 9 cracker coming up and the ability to have more ethylene down in the Gulf Coast and get as much as we can out of the franchise in the Gulf Coast.
Operator: And, next, we'll move on to P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar: Yes. Hi. Good morning.
Andrew N. Liveris: Good morning, P.J.
P.J. Juvekar: You have significant investments coming online in the Gulf Coast, Sadara and you have Texas 9 PDH. When you look at all this, how much total incremental EBITDA do you expect from all these investments? And if there is a potential downturn, let's say in 2018-2019, do you think this incremental EBITDA can offset any ethylene downturn? Thank you.
Andrew N. Liveris: Howard, why don't you take the first part of that question on EBITDA forecasting.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Yeah. Well, I mean, I think you have to go back and you have to have a view of whether you're a bull or a bear in the cycle. I mean, we put out a long-term range in 2014 at the Investor Day and we said, look, all of these projects add at least $3 billion of EBITDA over the long-term and we're still standing by that number. That's a long-term number and when you add it all up, that's where we see the long-term.
Andrew N. Liveris: And, Jim, on the ethylene part?
James R. Fitterling: Yeah. So P.J., when we authorized all of these investments, we said we expected greater than $3 billion of EBITDA impact out of all of them. And as Howard said, at any point in time you can have some cash margins that are above or below where we are right now. PDH today  case in point, St. Charles was right on the line with what we've said. PDH today is still running very positive cash margins, even in a low propylene environment, it's running very positive cash margins. LA-3, the real EBITDA increment from LA-3 is the fact you get 250,000 tons a year more ethylene out of that. So that's right to our bottom-line. That's produced for us versus purchased, so that goes to the bottom-line. And Texas 9 in derivatives is a whole new slate of products. It's really four of our highest value-add derivatives plan on that franchise, it's our highest growing segment. So we're going to continue to shift the mix here up in the higher-performing products and away from the most commoditized parts of the earnings. So we're still bullish on the fact that we're going to deliver these results.
Andrew N. Liveris: And just to get it out now, I know you guys are all into the plastics forecast here, this company  the next last slide I did in the deck shows consistent earnings growth with the plastics profile having obviously an effect but it doesn't wobble the company as much as it used to because of the value add point Jim just finished on, plus the forecast going forward on the supply side shows more of a plateau in these next few years despite these supply adds because of the delays. So we think high-operating rate environments and strong value-add demand drivers like packaging, E&T and elastomers builds margin for Dow from here, not destroys margin. Add to that the feedstock flexibility point on the previous question, that's an expanding margin scenario in one of our core franchises.
Operator: And, next, we'll move on to Jonas Oxgaard with Bernstein.
Jonas Oxgaard: Morning.
Andrew N. Liveris: Morning.
Jonas Oxgaard: Another nice quarter. Appreciate it. Looking at Sadara, in your numbers, you said 80 million pounds sold. If my math is right, that's about 10% of the utilization. Looking at next quarter, everything is running full out. Does that mean you'll reach somewhere around 90% utilization on the actual plant? And how should I think about the EBITDA or the daily income contribution from this?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yeah, so just to be very clear, we have four units running of the 24 that have to start up. And so we've got a fair while to go before we get up on the utilization rate for the whole complex. The four units that are running, clearly the three polyethylene trains are running flat out. That was the point we were making earlier. So we are very early in the capacity utilization. We still expect lender reliability tests in 2018 timeframe. So 2017 is going to be a big startup year for us. However, the headwind will start becoming more tailwind and I'll give that part of it to Howard.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Yeah, Jonas. Good morning. I would say, look, in the fourth quarter, we will have a tailwind in plastics for Sadara, but offset by the comments that Jim made relative to Louisiana 3 turnaround and some of the higher costs coming globally from a feedstock standpoint. But 2017, it will definitely be a tailwind for plastics. But as Andrew said, you still have 22 units that you're in the steep part of the curve in spending. And those are all in PMC with the exception of one additional polyolefins unit that'll start up in the first quarter. So PMC will be a headwind all through 2017.
Operator: And next we'll move to Duffy Fischer with Barclays.
Duffy Fischer: Yes. Good morning.
Andrew N. Liveris: Morning, Duffy.
Duffy Fischer: Wanted to go back to the volume number in the Performance Plastics segment. And I was wondering if you could talk about it maybe in three buckets. So how much of that volume improvement was your existing asset base that just ran harder, so on the olefin side this quarter? How much was new olefins capacity, either debottlenecks or some of the new plants coming online? And then how much was the downstream value added where you were able to upgrade those olefins into capacity that wasn't utilized a year ago?
Andrew N. Liveris: Jim. We don't think of it that way, but I think we'll give you a stab. Go ahead.
James R. Fitterling: Just high-level, Duffy, it was the first that you mentioned, existing asset base. I said before, we've been running flat out, sold out in those units. We've achieved some pretty phenomenal operating rates in those units in spite of the fact that we've turned a few of them around during this year to get ready for the Texas-9 startup. And then I would say the rest of it is the latter part, the mix shift and the value add from the mix shift is the big thing. There really hasn't been enough time to have enough of an impact from new capacity. As Sadara starts up, you've got to fill that supply chain to get the product out, so we've been moving a lot of product out into that supply chain. We sold some material, as was discussed earlier, in the third quarter in the month of September. However, you're going to see more of those sales come in the fourth quarter as we've got three units running and getting that supply chain full. And for that reason, a lot of our growth in the third quarter was North America, Europe and then China and Southeast Asia. And I would say had we had more Sadara volume in the third quarter, we'd have had more growth in China.
Andrew N. Liveris: A lot of the investment we've done in the machine, the assets the last many years has now made that machine more reliable. So our production is up versus same quarter last year, up 9%. That's 1.9 billion pounds that we've sold in Q3 that we didn't sell a year-ago. Year-to-date, that number is 5.6 billion pounds. So kudos to our operations people. They're running safely, they're running reliably. And our salespeople have been able to get it out the door and move more volume to demand based on value add and, therefore, kept inventories quite low. So this machine is moving into the high-80%s operating rate. Right now it's 86%. As a totality of Dow, this is not just the ethylene integration piece that I'm referring to, I'm talking about the whole company. And so the value-add piece, when you think about innovation agenda, stretches across all of it, from the propylene derivatives to the ethylene derivatives to the silicone derivatives, all the value-add piece. And very few of our businesses today are we selling the strict monomer. Probably the last remaining example there is our acrylic chain, our performance monomer, where we are moving, driving all those monomers down to value-add polymers and emulsions. That's the last part of the Dow commodity engine that sells just commodities.
Operator: And next we'll move on to Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent S. Andrews: Thanks very much. Just a question. We've had some increases in the oil price more recently. And I guess as I'm thinking about what's left of this year and into next year and we think about the ethylene and polyethylene chain, do you anticipate those higher prices increasing the marginal cost of production and flowing through to product prices such that you can hold onto the recent $0.05 increase in polyethylene prices? Or should we expect seasonality and everything else to overwhelm that?
Andrew N. Liveris: I think your last phrase defines it, but I'll let Jim get into the details. But in essence, there's always a lead lag factor, but as oil prices go up that's generally good for us over time. But there is always transitions. Jim, speak to it, please.
James R. Fitterling: It's generally good. The feedstock for us is predominantly gas, and so what you see is it's remained low and steady over this time period and so we haven't seen any real move up in the input costs. We saw prices firm up in polyethylene at the end of third quarter and we've seen them firm into the beginning of fourth quarter and I think that's back to inventories being low and demand being high. And so as oil goes up, that just adds an element to prices being able to firm up in the near term. And that's our view. And I'll stop at trying to predict what's going to happen with oil price. But at least that's where we are today in the current quarter.
Operator: And next we'll move to Peter Butler with Glen Hill Investments.
Peter E. Butler: Good morning. Good morning. Management appears to be making really good progress improving the quality, consistency and predictability of the earnings stream. Would this encourage Dow's board to significantly boost the dividend payout ratio and boost the share repurchase program? It also could cause analysts to boost Dow's trend earnings growth projections in their models.
Andrew N. Liveris: Go ahead, Howard.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Yeah. Thanks and good morning, Peter. Thanks for noticing about the consistency in the increasing results. I appreciate it. Look, on the dividend and share repurchase, we have been on a streak here of a double-digit CAGR of growing our dividend for the last several years. Our payout ratio really hasn't changed. It's a 45% of net income target, long-term target, that will go back to the shareholders in the form of dividend growth. And we've been tracking at that number as the earnings has improved, net income has improved, we've improved the dividend. On stock buyback, the same. We've spent over $7 billion of cash in the last several years buying back stock. You saw that we entered the market again now that the shareholder vote was behind us on the Dow-DuPont transaction. We bought more than $400 million worth of stock back in the third quarter with about $1.9 billion left in our open program and so we're going continue to do that as well.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yeah. I mean, look, I've said it many times on these calls and between calls. The last many years has been a proof point that we can be a consistent cash flow generator and earnings grower so we can return cash to owners. And that'll come through dividend and share buybacks while we fund our growth programs. We're coming off some pretty significant investment in CapEx here and so as we come off that CapEx spend, that's going to open up more of the cash flow. If we think we're undervalued, which we do, we'll buy back shares and we'll go back to our board for more authorization. But for sure being a consistent dividend grower is part of the Dow mix of returning money to our owners.
Operator: And, next, we'll move on to John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: Thank you. You announced you're divesting a small ethylene copolymers business which I assume overlapped with DuPont's packaging polymer businesses and is related to the antitrust issues. I know the Ag antitrust continues, but have you largely concluded the antitrust discussions outside of Ag?
Andrew N. Liveris: Complex regulatory processes in EU, China and particularly  and in the U.S., those three in particular, but Brazil, remain in front of us in terms of whatever might come from them. We clearly have been in the market on the ethylene-acrylic acid copolymers and ionomers business under the PRIMACOR brand. That is one that we have foreshadowed. We have had no surprises in any of the discussions. They are going a little longer than we had hoped. As Ed I think said on his call, we expect Q1 close. We're very confident about that. We're not in a position to speak to specific remedies. We are waiting for those key jurisdictions. Just a note, by the way, we've got 10 approvals already, 10 jurisdictions have approved us. Some pretty key ones as well. However, having said that, setting the pace here through EC, DOJ, MOFCOM is our whole focus, and we're being very, very thoughtful about how to respond over time. You're going to see some filings from time to time especially out of EC. I think it's important to note that their process does that. Just know that we are quite aware of all of that and we are working towards  a few months shouldn't impact the value creation of a $30 billion deal. So taken a few more months, you should want us to all do that.
Operator: And, next, we'll move to Hassan Ahmed with Alembic Global.
Hassan I. Ahmed: Good morning, Andrew. Andrew, through the course of the last couple of months, we've seen some pretty significant moves up in coal prices, right? Now as you sort of sit there and think through sort of the macro, call it ethylene, polyethylene pricing environment, do you see sort of these moves having an impact first and foremost on ethylene and polyethylene pricing? And secondly, do you see them having any sort of impact on future, call it CTO, MTO, CTP supply?
Andrew N. Liveris: So as I mentioned earlier  I'm going to give the other part of the question to Jim here in a second, but just on the big energy picture as it relates to China in particular, I was just over there as I indicated. I would tell you China is de-industrializing very fast, Hassan. I have no confidence that they're going to allocate capital to coal or emissions-heavy investments. I think there will be some of that, but these are massive capital investments that have the problem of not being forecastable in terms of return. And that's the other pressure point. I believe certain enterprises have got this from literally the top leadership are under huge pressure to show returns. And they are having in essence a come-to-Jesus moment in terms of understanding how capital gets allocated between equity, property and other investments. It's much more Western financial environment appearing there, especially as they open up their financial sector, which they pretty much are committing to do. I think that recalibration in China is going to slow down coal heavy investments with time. The paradox there is I think they're going to go much heavy into nuclear. I think that's going to be their place of choice while they transition to LNG. So I am not confident at all that you're going to see CTO or MTO off of coal coming in anywhere near the pace that was foreshadowed. Jim on the margin aspects of it?
James R. Fitterling: The only thing that I would add to what Andrew said is that most of the capacity that's on those CTO and MTO plays is heavily, heavily commodity-oriented C4, and it's not really an area that we play in significantly in that part of the world or really anywhere right now. So we're shifted towards a much higher mix, more driven towards the end-use markets that we talked about before. We still think, and we have thought for a long time, that people are pretty optimistic about the rate at which these plants are going to come on and how high they're going to run. And there is a dissatisfaction already with the returns on these investments that's heavily, heavily capital intensive to put in one of these operations relative to what you can do in the U.S. Gulf Coast or in the Middle East.
Operator: And, Christopher Parkinson with Credit Suisse will have our next question. Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Thank you. You mentioned that within Ag that seeds are chugging along on the back of the Latin American demand on both price and volume. But can you just comment a little more about the key drivers here? And a little more on your expectations heading into Safrinha as well as pre-buying in the U.S.? And then also you mentioned crop protection was negative. I'm assuming most of that was insecticides in Brazil, but were there also challenges in Europe as well? Thank you.
Andrew N. Liveris: Go ahead, Howard.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Yeah. Good morning, Chris. So overall on the key drivers, I mean really proud of the Dow Ag team in the quarter. I mean that $141 million improvement versus same quarter year-ago, I'd break down the drivers into three buckets, and it's pretty much equally split. About one-third was due to the higher volumes and higher prices and specifically seed in Brazil for sure. About one-third came from just the continued drumbeat, steady drumbeat now for many quarters in a row on self-help productivity and cost cutting. And then the other one-third was really by the turnaround in currency. If you think about a year-ago, there were pretty big currency headwinds facing us in Ag, and it didn't help much  actually in the quarter I think it was 1 percentage point of the price up was related to currency and Ag. And actually overall at company level currency was a zero help to us. But it helped on the margin and certainly the delta change. That was the other one-third of the key drivers. When you think about why the volume was up in seeds in Brazil, I would say a couple of things. One, just the continued development of our new technologies that we continue to introduce, that farmers continue to get more and more comfortable that it does what it says, and it increases their yield and so they just continue to get used to it. I do think there was some early buying in the quarter. I mean the farmers  we don't get to choose the weather. The farmers decide when they get to plant, and I do think there was some of that that will a Q3 versus a Q4 move. So I would not count all of that is a Q3 gain. But we feel good about where we ended up in the quarter.
Operator: And next we'll move to Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Andrew Koort: Thank you. Good morning.
Andrew N. Liveris: Good morning.
Robert Andrew Koort: Jim, I was wondering you mentioned oil and gas, maybe some signs of life. Is that more of things flattening? Or are you actually seeing an uptick? And then could you also just give us in your deck that shows the polyethylene-ethylene long-term supply-demand balance, what your growth rates for both are assumed in those charts? Thanks.
James R. Fitterling: Yeah. So on oil, Bob, really we've seen a flattening and kind of an uptick here in the U.S., which I think is  I think it's instructive that at $50 a barrel, you've got people moving rigs back into oil production down in the Gulf Coast. It hasn't been a lot. Remember, 1,500 rigs were moved out of production and you've got about 11 to 15 that have moved back in, but it is a move and it's starting in that direction. So there is cautious optimism there. I think if prices continue to firm up on oil, they continue to firm up toward the $55 maybe even next year into the $60 range, we're going to see more rigs coming back in. So shale gas is going to be competitive. Some of these fields can be competitive at $25 a barrel. So I think we've got a situation which is good for us that the U.S. is competitive and it's going to be there longer. And so when you look at where our assets are around the world, where it's a very good competitive cost position base is to have our franchise. As far as supply-demand balances and the numbers that are in here, we're still running at the traditional 1.3 times, 1.4 times GDP types of numbers for demand. And the real question mark is what's the GDP number that you plug into there? I would say at the beginning of the year, we were starting with something like a 3% global GDP. And we backed off of that some through the year more towards global 2.5% number. But look, we've had 6% growth all year, and we've oscillated between 6% and 10% in China year-over-year. We've operated in kind of the 4% range in North America, similar maybe a little bit stronger in Europe and kind of flat in Latin America. So our view going forward is these operating rates are strong, and it's not just reflective of the fact that you've got the historical rates. It's also sustainable packaging is driving a lot of trends toward plastics, and that's competing against other materials, and we're knocking other materials out. So I think the sustainability trends are helping us stay there.
Operator: And next we will hear from Don Carson with Susquehanna Financial.
Don Carson: Andrew, a question on Ag antitrust approvals. Your strong Ag results I think underscore your under-appreciated Brazilian corn seed position. You've actually got a bigger share there than DuPont. So wondering if overlap in the seed is an issue in South America? And then more broadly, how do you address the non-product overlap issues? The EC has made some  raised some concerns about potentially reduced innovation due to decline in R&D spending as you combine. And then how do you put your deal in the context of the other two transactions going on, which the regulators have said they'll also look at as well?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yeah. Thank you, Don. You have to start where you were leaving off. I mentioned many times already on this call that food and agriculture (51:55) discussions for countries and regions. And so just like energy and just like security, food is right at the centerpiece of political, basically making sure the constituencies are satisfied that they have adequate and safe food supplies. So agricultural lobbies and farm lobbies are strong everywhere and, of course, create unlevel playing fields around the world. That's why there's some jurisdictions without GMOs and some with GMOs and there're some jurisdictions that have trade protection barriers and some that don't. So this is not a new conversation. Eyes wide open going into our transaction, as you all know, you in particular, about 10 years of asking the question, what are you going to do with Ag. We always felt that there was a complementarity between biology and chemistry and an integrated farm science helping the farmers. Integrated farm science, including big data, is expensive. And R&D to fuel that has to be funded in a public company over long cycles. In short-cycle investment type of thesis, not many people have patient money for long-cycle investment. So smart scale and innovation and pro-competitiveness for farmers to get the very best out of their plot of land, whether it's an acre or 10,000 acres. Row crops and niche crops and the science needed to get more food, safe, reliable food, to all the citizens of those countries is mission at hand with our deal and, frankly, I'm sure it's the mission at hand for the other deals. We are first in in all jurisdictions. We are very eyes wide open on what it means to create a pro-competitive farm lobby, and we believe our deal does that. And if there are pushbacks based on various views on how those innovations come to market, we will definitely engage and are engaging. Again, we are taking the time to listen very carefully to what the jurisdictions want us to do and we are very, very thoughtful on those remedies. And we're confident we'll close this deal in Q1 and, frankly, solve that complex equation that you asked about and hopefully I've articulated on.
Operator: And next we'll move on to Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners.
Kevin W. McCarthy: Yes. Good morning, gentlemen. A question on your preferred. We've noted that the share price is once again above the trigger level of $53.72 over the past half dozen sessions or so. So my question is, if that were to continue such that you could force conversion, how might you react in the wake of that? In other words, would you expect to take action to offset the step-up in the common count? And, if so, how quickly might you be able to offset that? Thanks.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Thanks, Kevin. Look, we've been working both the numerator and the denominator on that equation for quite a while. So as we articulated in the results today, 16 consecutive quarters of year-over-year earnings growth and margin expansion to work the numerator. And we have been proactively working the denominator on share count. We bought back, I think I mentioned earlier, over $7 billion worth of stock here in the last several years and another $400 million. We're planning to continue to do that. So we're working the equation both ways and you should continue to expect that.
Operator: And next we'll move to Aleksey Yefremov with Nomura Securities.
Aleksey Yefremov: Good morning. Thank you. Should Sadara start-up costs go away when all the units start up or will they represent some kind of fixed cost on a go-forward basis? And also in the short run, do you expect in the fourth quarter the net contribution from Sadara to be in that positive between the start-up costs and increased earnings from polyethylene units?
Andrew N. Liveris: Go ahead, Jim.
James R. Fitterling: Yeah. So on Sadara start-up costs, right now we're in the EO and derivatives and getting ready for the isocyanates block, which is nine integrated units in that block to start up. And that'll be first quarter, second quarter, third quarter types of timing for those things. So you expect to see that through next year and that's a significant number of units. And then once you get to 2018, you'll see those start-up costs go away and we'll be back to having the full units up and operational. And, at the same time, on the ground in Sadara within the joint venture, they're working hard to get their cost positions where it needs to be and get their comps where they need to be to be competitive as a JV in their own right. So I think both of those things are going to have an impact in 2018. Howard has said we expect plastics to show some positive next year. We expect it still to be a headwind in Industrial Solutions and Performance Materials, but we're working through all that right now.
Operator: And at this time, we have time for one more question. We'll hear from Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets.
Arun Viswanathan: Great. Thanks for squeezing me in here. I guess just had a question. I'm trying to understand how you guys are performing better than your markets, especially in Europe and in automotive Europe. EMEA was up 9%, but was that more Middle East or was that Europe? What are you seeing in Europe? And then also what are you seeing in automotive going forward? Thank you.
Andrew N. Liveris: Go ahead, Jim.
James R. Fitterling: Yeah. So I think the issue is where we're playing in automotive. When you look at the number of applications that we're in, whether it's our plastics products, ENGAGE, things like bumper fascia for the cars. Our light weighting solutions like our crash-durable adhesives. So as companies continue to use carbon fiber aluminum, other things to bond to the steel frame, they need more adhesives in that vehicle. And when you get to it, we look at content per vehicle. So even though, in some areas, production in automotive year-over-year has flattened out, we're expanding our content per vehicle in that space and I think that's what's driving the growth for us. Elastomers is a big product line that sells a lot into the automotive sector. Coatings as well, into areas like sound dampening for the car is an area that people sometimes don't appreciate how much content goes into the automotive space. So that's how we're growing better than market is really getting the content per vehicle up and getting the number of solutions on the new vehicles up. And as you go into heavier vehicles, into trucks, you get into crossovers and higher-performing vehicles, like the higher-performing sedans, the ones that people are paying more value for, we have more content on those vehicles than, say, the entry-level sedan.
Operator: And at this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Neal Sheorey for any additional or closing remarks.
Neal Sheorey: Great. Thank you. Andrew, before we close the call, would you like to make any final comments?
Andrew N. Liveris: I'd kind of want to wrap the call by one more time referring to the visuals we showed you on slides 15 and 16, which shows the CAGR of 6% on the earnings growth and also EBITDA growth. They also show what we've done on cash flow and what we've done on the TSI (59:05). I would tell you that, again, controlling what we can control, self-help and productivity and an innovation agenda speaks to that last question a bit which is why are we growing volumes above market. We're growing where growth is needed and we have built a portfolio really under all sorts of environments that can perform, a portfolio for all seasons. We're very focused here on running the business to its maximum EBITDA, EPS output. At the same time, we're very focused on closing the Dow-DuPont deal and we're powering on (59:36) those things, I'm very proud of our team and that we've been able to do both. There's never been a better time at Dow. We're better positioned than ever before. We have a strong track record, multiple years now of delivering and we're delivering these results under these macros that frankly are not very helpful. But we have the portfolio and we've built the business, and you can expect us to return cash to our owners. That's our focus and this value creation of the deal in front us, once we close the deal and implement the synergies and get going on the spins, we'll create even more value for our owners. So I really want to double down on the fact this is a company that's delivering and we will continue to do so.
Neal Sheorey: Thank you, everyone, for your questions. As always, we appreciate your interest in The Dow Chemical Company. For your reference a copy of our prepared remarks will be posted on Dow's website later today. This concludes our call for today. We look forward to speaking with you again soon. Thank you.
Operator: And that will conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Dow Chemical Company second quarter 2016 earnings results conference call. [Operator Instructions] Also today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Neal Sheorey, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Neal Sheorey: Good morning and welcome to the Dow Chemical Company's second quarter earnings conference call. I am Neal Sheorey, Vice President of Investor Relations. As usual, we are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is property of the Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's express written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Howard Ungerleider, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer; and Jim Fitterling, President and Chief Operating Officer. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are posted on our Investor Relations Financial Reporting web page and you can also access the slides through the link to our webcast. I'd like you to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in both the press release and in the slides. In summary, it says that statements in the press release, the presentation and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provision under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. In addition, some of our comments reference non GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and on our website. Unless otherwise specified, all comparisons presented today will be on a year-over-year basis. Sales comparisons exclude divestitures and acquisitions. EBITDA, EBITDA margins, return on capital and earnings comparisons exclude certain items. I will now turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Neal. If you turn to slide three - and good morning, everyone. Let me open the review of the quarter by stepping back and just looking at our three simple and very focused goals of the year. First one, achieve our plans. Second one, close Dow Corning by midyear. And third, drive the merger milestones with DuPont for a year-end close. Simple, clear and focused. Let's start with the plan. Dow's relentless and disciplined execution once again delivered another quarter of operating earnings growth and margin expansion, and the Dow team has again done it through a variety of challenging geopolitical and market conditions, and outpacing our peers in the process. You can see that in our results. 15 consecutive quarters of earnings growth and margin expansion. 11 consecutive quarters of volume growth. Notably, we delivered gains in all geographies, with particular strength in the United States, China and Europe. Cash flow from operations of $2.2 billion, up nearly 60% versus the year-ago period. We are focused on every aspect of the P&L and balance sheet to deliver these numbers, with weekly operations meetings and very strong self-help actions. Our unique combination of world class innovation, diversified integration, and a narrower and deeper market focus enabled operating earnings growth in every business in our Consumer Solutions and Infrastructure Solutions segments, while the strength of our Plastics franchise was again on display. We have built Dow's portfolio to grow both the top and bottom line, even though market and economic conditions remain challenging. In those markets that are challenged, we have been implementing proactive and targeted self-help measures. You can see this in our Ag segment, where our actions have generated earnings year to date that have outperformed the industry downturn. Another example is our recent restructuring announcement related to the Dow Corning transaction, which will reduce head count by an additional 700 positions on top of the Dow Corning synergies, to a total of 2500, and accelerate earnings growth under these volatile market conditions. Howard will review our results in more granularity in a moment, but the income and cash flow results are truly noteworthy. Our second goal is indeed to close Dow Corning and its ownership restructuring, where we bring in a new element for growth and powerful technology platform that will further drive Dow's focus in an attractive targeted market segments, as well as enhance the earnings power of the new Dow. Soon after closing, we also increased our cost synergy target by $100 million, to $400 million. When combined with the estimated $100 million of growth synergies, we see a total of $500 million of synergies from this transaction. We achieved this goal ahead of schedule on June 1, and I'm happy to report that the integration has proceeded seamlessly. And on our third goal, we recently received overwhelming approval for the historic DowDuPont transaction from our shareholders, illustrating the market's recognition of this unique opportunity to deliver value to all stakeholders as we drive the intended separation into three independent leading science-based companies that will redefine their respective industries. Simply put, the Dow team is sharply focused on driving our three goals, and this quarter's report shows the results of this effort. I'll now turn the call over to Howard to cover highlights from the quarter and an update on Dow Corning. Jim will then give an update on our Plastics franchise and DowDuPont. And I'll close with our outlook and earnings growth drivers. Howard?
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone. On slide 5, Dow's financial performance had several noteworthy highlights in the second quarter. The team delivered operating EPS of $0.95 a share, despite the slow growth, uncertain macroeconomic environment. The Dow team found pockets of growth in all of our major geographies, and we kept our focus on driving further productivity gains, adding another $90 million of savings in the quarter. Bringing our first half savings to $180 million, tracking well above our 2016 target of $300 million. Our innovative products and solutions are also winning in the marketplace. Many of our businesses highlighted market share gains and new business wins, as evidenced by our continued volume and margin growth in the quarter. Our overall operating EBITDA margin rose more than 160 basis points to 21%, our highest second quarter margin in a decade, led by gains in Consumer and Infrastructure Solutions and Performance Plastics. We also achieved multiple records in the quarter, including EBITDA records in Consumer Solutions, Infrastructure Solutions, and Performance Plastics, and a sales volume record in Performance Plastics, all of which helped the team deliver an $800 million increase in cash flow from operations in the quarter. Taking a longer view, the progress we've made over the past 4 years has enabled us to significantly grow EPS above our target of 10% annual growth, to continue to increase free cash flow generation while fueling our future growth through targeted investments and, at the same time, return $14 billion to our shareholders through share buybacks and paid dividends. Now, turning to our segment results on slide six, let's start with Ag. We're delivering despite high industry crop protection inventories, currency headwinds, and low crop commodity prices. Our Ag team continues to respond with targeted self-help actions that have largely offset the headwinds while maintaining the long-term growth potential of our franchise. In the second quarter, we achieved double-digit sales growth in corn seeds, but that was more than offset by soft demand in sunflower and soybeans. Crop protection volume was lower, primarily due to reduced generic herbicide demand and the impact of the AgroFresh divestiture. For the year, we see the market declining 5% on robust yields in North America, high inventories, and low crop prices. In the second half of 2016, crop protection volume is expected to be flat, with modest pricing pressure due to lower demand for insecticides and generic herbicides. And we expect some positives in seeds as the Latin America season outlook improves. On slide seven, Consumer Solutions continues to deliver impressive results, achieving record EBITDA of $341 million. Earnings increased in all businesses on market share gains, new business wins, and robust demand for our innovative products. Dow automotive achieved record second quarter EBITDA and double-digit volume growth, driven by strong demand for light-weighting and sound-dampening technologies and benefited from greater productions of SUVs and trucks, which contain more Dow content. Consumer Care recorded higher earnings, led by double digit volume growth in personal care applications, solid demand in home care sectors and market share gains. Dow Electronic Materials delivered double digit EBITDA growth on share gains in the semiconductor and display end markets. And our newly integrated Consumer Solutions Silicones business captured greater market share on strong demand in the consumer care sector, notably in Europe and Asia Pacific. On slide 8, Infrastructure Solutions also reported EBITDA growth in every business. Dow Building and Construction delivered a record quarterly EBITDA and saw volume growth in most geographies on strong demand for its construction chemicals, spray foam insulation, and continued adoption of our BLUEDGE technology. In Energy and Water Solutions, self-help actions mitigated persistent energy headwinds, as oil and gas exploration project demand remains low. Water fundamentals, however, remain robust. Our new Saudi RO membrane plant is at full rates, positioning us well to meet demand in emerging geographies. We also saw improvement in Performance Monomers, reflecting our aggressive self-help measures including our purposeful reduction in merchant sales exposure. Dow Coating Materials grew volume in all sectors and our new vinyl acrylic binders are enabling share gains and diversification into value add applications. Finally, our new Infrastructure Solutions Silicones business saw strong demand in the construction sector, enabling higher first half EBITDA. On slide 9, Performance Materials & Chemicals had several moving parts in the quarter. Equity earnings were over $100 million lower, consistent with our modeling guidance, due to the change in ownership of MEGlobal coupled with lower MEG prices and Sadara startup costs. When you take into account these two items, the core polyurethanes business performed well, as it continued to increasingly tilt toward its higher value specialty portfolio. The business delivered double digit volume growth in its systems houses on strong consumer demand, particularly in Asia Pacific, enabled by our new polyols plant in Thailand. This benefit, however, was offset by margin compression in the upstream portion of the business, where supply balances have loosened and turnaround and maintenance costs were higher due to a planned outage in Europe and a short unplanned outage in Brazil. In Industrial Solutions, putting the impacts on equity earnings to one side, our core business delivered flat earnings as disciplined self-help actions offset challenging industrial end market conditions. Turning to Performance Plastics on slide 10, reported record second quarter EBITDA with volume gains across most businesses and all geographies. Packaging and Specialty Plastics achieved several second quarter records, including EBITDA and sales volume, enabled by operational excellence, reflecting an aligned team focused on manufacturing reliability and producing incremental volume in a robust demand environment. Additionally, the business recovered margin in Latin America on demand growth. Dow Elastomers volume increases from strong demand for its innovative technologies in automotive, hot melt adhesives and athletic footwear were balanced by the impact to production from higher turnaround activity in the quarter. Dow Electrical and Telecommunications delivered volume growth across all geographies, led by double digit gains in the Americas on continued demand for fiber optic, coax, and jacketing solutions. Turning now to slide 12, as Andrew stated, our teams successfully closed the ownership restructuring of Dow Corning in June. As we worked together more closely with the Dow Corning team, we discovered even more opportunities to streamline, giving us the confidence to increase our cost synergy target by $100 million to $400 million with 1800 role reductions directly related to Dow Corning. We expect to achieve a 70% run rate within 12 months of closing and the full cost synergy run rate within 24 months. The gross synergies of $100 million will be captured within 36 months. This transaction will unlock significant value for Dow shareholders and it is expected to be accretive to our EPS, operating cash flow, and free cash flow in year one. And at full synergy run rate, it is expected to add greater than $1 billion of EBITDA to our bottom line. Finally, in order to leave ample time for Q&A at the end of the call, we have included our usual model and guidance slide in the appendix of the deck. I'll now turn it over to Jim.
James Fitterling: Thank you, Howard. I'll start with the most important growth lever, our Plastics franchise. The dynamics across the polyethylene chain can shift significantly over time and it's critical to remain agile and adaptive with this industry. The long-term winners are the players that own the entire chain integration and can manage the swings through feedstock flexibility, diversification and differentiation, and global reach. And our results have shown that Dow does this exceptionally well time and time again, maximizing our returns while reducing our long term earnings volatility. As value in the chain shifts over time, our direct customer intimacy, innovation in application development and technical support differentiate our earnings unlike all of our competitors. On slide 15, I'll go through our polyethylene view. Consistent with the view that we've held since the beginning of the year, we see polyethylene balances remaining stable over the next few years. Demand growth continues globally as consumers expect the higher food safety standards, better sustainability of plastic packaging relative to the alternatives, and improvements in packaging functionality and convenience that polyethylene provides. On the ethylene supply side, our view takes into account that the leading industry consultants forecast capacity additions that overstate what actually gets built. We saw this play out just a few years ago. And we think that incremental delays and project postponements will happen once again. In fact, we've already seen evidence of this. We believe that both ethylene and polyethylene rates will remain high globally, and we continue to expect higher operating rates in polyethylene than in ethylene. And, as we've seen this year, there may be some regional differences. Earlier this year, some called for very weak conditions in the second half of the year. We did not hold that view. And today margins remain firm globally and inventories are below average. I will state once again that we see continuing good conditions with expected seasonality over the next few years. In this environment, the Sadara additions will position us well to capture growth where growth exists. The 26 units at this world scale facility, the largest of its kind ever built in a single phase, continue to come online. We're in a ramp in start-up activity right now. We have qualified 25 polyethylene products to date and have shipped polyethylene from the first two trains to nearly 100 customers in more than 25 countries. The multi feed cracker is now in the early phases of start-up and we expect commercial operation in the third quarter. All construction at the Sadara site should be complete by year end, with commissioning thereafter. We are happy with the progress made to date and will continue to provide updates as we get closer to year end. I'll give my comments with DowDuPont on slide 16. We continue to make significant progress on the transaction and the pursuit of the intended separation into three independent publicly traded companies. All key deliverables remain on track and just last week both companies received overwhelming support from our respective shareholders to approve the merger. We continue to focus on preparations for day one, developing the financials for the intended spends and also driving the regulatory approval process. As I've said before, the vast majority of Dow people are focused on day-to-day business results and our teams are doing a great job of making sure these transactions do not take away from our sharp focus to deliver the 2016 financial plan. With that, I'll turn it back to Andrew for our outlook and earnings drivers.
Andrew Liveris: Yeah, thank you, Jim. If you turn to slide 18, our earnings growth drivers are very visible to us, clearly definable, and will be appearing in our bottom line results over these next few years. Just to remind you, from 2012 to 2015, Dow has delivered an EPS growth CAGR of 22% per year based on an intervention mindset on productivity and portfolio management. Aggressive self-help actions, if you like. During this time, our R&D innovation agenda delivered new products and technologies and upgrading our margin from 13% to 20% in this same period and growing core volumes on average 2% per year. As you can see from this quarter's results, we are at a $10 billion EBITDA run rate. Building from 2015's results and adding our specific actions, interventions and projects we grow the new Dow's EBITDA post intended spin to greater than $15 billion of EBITDA and 25% EBITDA margin. You can see here what we count. Productivity pre-merger, the U.S. Gulf Coast and Sadara investments at steady run rate, the Dow Corning transaction and the DowDuPont transaction, which are materials synergies target of $1.5 billion plus DuPont's performance materials business minus Dow's agricultural sciences and electronic materials business. Note that we do not count any growth synergies, any market organic growth, or any new innovation contribution. These new earning streams are in motion and are known to us and described to you. And we will do all of this in a market and global economy that is mixed at best. Our outlook is that this won't change. Volatility and macro uncertainties are the new norm. But Dow will deliver as it has these last many years, by firmly executing against our earnings growth drivers. And we will continue to grow earnings before, during, and after the merger and its intended spins. We have the team to do so. We have not been, nor will we be, distracted in delivering value for our shareholders. And with that, Neal, let's turn to Q&A.
Neal Sheorey: Thank you, Andrew. Now we will move on to your question. I ask that you please keep to one question so that we can allow as many people as possible the opportunity to ask a question. First, however, I would like to remind you that my comments regarding forward looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Rochelle, would you please explain the Q&A procedure?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets.
Arun Viswanathan: Good morning. Thank you.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning.
Arun Viswanathan: I just want to get your thoughts on ethylene and polyethylene in the next two quarters. We have seen, potentially, some turnarounds here in the first half and some of those are potentially moderating here in the second half. What's your outlook for pricing in polyethylene over the next quarter or two? Do you expect some moderation in pricing in the third quarter and fourth quarter as operating rates tick down?
Andrew Liveris: Go ahead, Jim.
James Fitterling: Thanks, Arun. Look, every - in Plastics, the story, I think, is still demand. And demand has been strong, and our volume growth of 13% reflects that. In fact, we had growth in all geographic areas, especially in EMEAI and Asia Pacific, and also this year in Latin America. So, hopeful that we're seeing a rebound in the developing economies right now. And our operating EBITDA is up 7% versus same quarter last year. Compared to previous quarter, pricing is up. Compared to same quarter last year, pricing is off about a penny. So, I think you're seeing that reflected - the polyethylene price reflects that robust demand. And then my point on inventories, I mean, the derivative demand is much tighter than the ethylene demand, and we think that's going to remain the case. In fact, we continue to see announcements of projects flight out of the pipeline. I reflected that in my comments. We continue to see delays, forecasted later start-ups, projects being completely taken out of the forecast for ethylene. So I think, to your point about back half of the year, I think you're going to see more of the same that you have seen. We see a little bit of seasonality toward the end of the year typically, but usually third quarter is a strong quarter for us in the Plastics franchise.
Andrew Liveris: If I could just jump on real quickly, Jim, just the way you should think about the way we put the two slides in the deck for this reason. The way Jim just described it is, we are number one in this game, and we understand supply-demand on the ground. When Iran was talked about five years ago, people like the consultants had statements. That never happened. We knew what was going on with supply side. So, I think the way Jim and all of us are talking about this is, these next many years, the delays are going to create the conditions that we've just seen these last few years. We can make money in this chain very nicely, thank you very much, based on demand drivers and supply drivers being in the right place, plus our differentiation. Post 2020, there might be a few more start-ups, but I don't think many of you are modeling 2020. So, let's work on understanding that the dynamic right now is quite favorable.
Operator: And next, we'll move to P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar: Yes, good morning.
Andrew Liveris: Morning.
P.J. Juvekar: Yes, hi. Neither of you talked about the America-created polyethylene, where North America would export more to Latin America. But if Latin America demand remains weak, where do you think U.S. polyethylene have to go to balance the market? And just secondly, on your polyethylene or ethylene plant, is your plant on time? Thank you.
Andrew Liveris: Go ahead, Jim. You get the second polyethylene question.
James Fitterling: Yeah, P.J., thanks for the question. Our demand in Latin America is actually up 4% in the quarter. So, we see pretty strong volumes in Latin America, and I think we're going to continue to see Latin America come back. Obviously, the impact of the lower GDP has a little bit of a market sentimental impact on what happens with the consumer market. But, when you look at the currency impacts in Latin America and, for that matter, in most of the developing world, most of the inflationary impacts of those currency changes have already been felt. And that's, I think, what leads into our comments that we think, in the emerging geographies, we're seeing a bottom and, hopefully, a recovery from this point on. Meanwhile, the United States, given the energy feedstock competitiveness, is still one of the lowest cost places in the world to make these products. And so, we still have the ability to export, based on our global reach, to all parts of the world. And based on the fact that we're focusing on the higher value end markets, where most of the new capacity that's coming on is coming on in the really highly commoditized segment, it gives us the added benefit of the power of innovation. So, when you look at that power of innovation and the competitiveness of scale that we have, I think we're well-positioned to take advantage of this whole market situation. Relative to your point on our timing, our Sadara plants are up, and the cracker is in the startup phase right now. In fact, the systems are running. And we're in the phase right before you really bring on the rest of the furnaces. We've got things inventoried in the hydrocarbons unit, and we're drying out the rest of the plant and getting ready to go. So, you're going to see polyethylene running here. And our hope is that polyethylene turns favorable, more of a tailwind for the plastics business in the back half of the year. U.S. Gulf Coast, the cracker project is making tremendous progress. I think we're well above the 70% to completion rate. And as we said, we're going to have that up by mid next year. And the polyethylene plants are coming along very nicely. I was just down in Plaquemine last month, and I've been down in Texas the last couple of months, and we're making tremendous progress on those. So, I think our timing is very consistent with every previous report we've given you on those plants.
Operator: And next, we move to Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Thanks. Andrew, I was wondering if I could ask you, on trade, in this presidential election, there's an awful lot of back and forth about trade policy, whether it's TPP, or China, or what have you. As you think about that sort of environment over the next couple of years and you think about Dow's business, is there anything that's being discussed right now that's concerning to you at all?
Andrew Liveris: Look, there's a lot being discussed or not discussed that's concerning, but you all know the season you're in. So, when we get to the next administration and we engage, we'll engage on all the things that matter to the company. Notably, trade. Just a little reminder, Vincent, because I've been asked this question a few times. Just a little reminder that the United States has actually put in very few trade agreements in the last 10 years. Actually, 3 specific bi-lats and one multi-lat in the works but not yet done. So, I would tell you we haven't really been exposed to the positives of trade and most of it is the way Jim answered the other question, which is we're on the ground pretty much everywhere else. And so regionalization, the sum of all the places you're in, which is 37 countries for Dow. We're on the ground with physical facilities in 37 countries, means we have local market access under all sorts of trade environments. And there are great trade agreements going on between Asian countries and European Union and elsewhere. So we benefit from all of those. I would like to see the U.S. get to a multi-lat trade agreement, the TPP, but we're not counting on it. I think what we're going to see here is a lot of uncertainties in the political environment. I grew up in Asia where there were trade barriers everywhere. So, Dow has the strategy to operate and generate profit in economies that grow wherever there is growth. And we have the diversification of geographic mix to take a few countries being on the downside of growth, i.e., like Brazil right now, and of course manage the upside, like the U.S. and China right now. So I'm not particularly concerned about the rhetoric that's going on right now.
Operator: And Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs will have our next question.
Robert Koort: Thank you. Andrew, you guys have had some pretty remarkable auto end market growth rates, certainly exceeding global production. Is this certain product wins, is it certain customer platform wins and how sustainable do you see that?
Andrew Liveris: Good morning, Bob. And thank you for the question. I'll take the first piece of it and then I'll pass it over to Jim. Look, I'm very proud of Dow automotive and our transportation platform in general. It's a great example of the entire company. Steve Henderson and his team, in the last ten years, have changed the mix. So to answer your question, is yes. It's a change in mix. It's a change in technology platforms. It's a change in product mix and change in positioning with the OEMs, both geographic repositioning as well as particularly where you are in the supply chain. And we are speaking to light-weighting and we're speaking to fuel efficiency, and we are speaking to value add in the car or in the truck or whatever. And so we've got a lot of great programs. Jim, you might want to reference a couple of them.
James Fitterling: Yeah, Bob, it's a great question. And, look, we still believe that automotive this year is going to have a production level that's above last year, even if it's just slightly above, and sales continue to be strong there. We've always had the leading supply in glass bonding. So that business continues to perform exceptionally well. And the addition of crash durable adhesives, I can't underestimate how much of a growth driver that is for this business, not just in - I mean, we've highlighted our experience with Ford in the F150, where we're bonding aluminum to a steel structure. And not just light-weighting the vehicle, but improving the crash safety rating of that vehicle, a class of vehicles that's not known for high crash safety ratings. But that applies in other dissimilar materials, so whether you're talking about carbon fiber composites on a steel frame, that application still applies. And as we continue to see others focus on light-weighting and our driving force in automotive has been and continues to be a seat at the design table with the brand owners, so that we can actually get out there and get our products specced in. We are continuing to see strong growth drivers in those businesses. And that is before we even think about what we can do with the power of Dow Corning Silicones in the mix.
Operator: And next we'll move to Frank Mitsch with Wells Fargo.
Frank Mitsch: Good morning, gentlemen, and nice results here.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning, Frank.
Frank Mitsch: Andrew, if I were to be told a few months ago that you guys were going to post 13% volume growth in Performance Plastics, my first question would be, what operating rates are you guys at? And is that pretty much taking you to capacity? Or is there some that's coming out of inventory? Can you give us some sense as to where you stand, how much more there is to go, if any?
Andrew Liveris: Jim, why don't you take the ball on the tee and put it down the fairway.
James Fitterling: Well, Frank, I appreciate the question, because our team is very, very focused. And they've been doing a heck of a job. And I mean that right out to operations and manufacturing. This year, year to date, at virtually the same operating rate as we had last year, we produced 2 billion pounds more production out of our assets. Now, 25% of that is PDH, so take that out of the equation. This quarter, we produced a billion pounds more out of the same asset base. And so we - this is Dow's DNA. This is what we do best and what we have always done, and I call it the competitiveness of scale, getting that extra percent out of a machine, doing it reliably, doing it safely, working that product mix, working the product waterfalls. Nobody does that better than we do. And the team is firing on all cylinders right now. And really looking forward to two trains of Sadara being up in the back half of the year, because customers are ready for that product.
Operator: And we'll move on to Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Hi, good morning. Two questions. My understanding is your PDH unit has had difficulties in producing since you brought it onstream. Can you talk about what those difficulties are and when they might be remedied? And in terms of your Texas 9 project that you say will be complete midyear next year, do you mean mechanically complete? That is, when do you expect it to be producing commercially?
Andrew Liveris: Go ahead, Jim. Take both.
James Fitterling: Yeah, Jeff, that's a good question on PDH. And you'll recall that we did get that plant up in December and got it up in record time. And as I just mentioned on Frank's question, we produced over 500 million pounds of propylene out of that unit this year. The technology itself is working very well. The catalyst, the reactor performance is strong, in fact the conversion rates are higher than we expected out of the catalyst. So that all looks good. We had two unit operations inside the plant that gave us some trouble. One heat exchanger, which we referred to earlier this year. And then we just had a problem with a dryer bed in the unit where we had to make some mechanical improvements in there. I don't think any of those are fundamental long term problems. I think they're just the normal problems of start-up of a massive unit. And those of you who have been down there have seen the size of that thing. So, we've got vendors and our support from EOP all over it. And we're expected to be up next week, the week of August 8, and it's looking good right now. So, we're very hopeful. The team is very hopeful that we've not only solved a couple of mechanical problems, but made a couple of improvements along the way.
Andrew Liveris: And just on Texas 9, we're mechanically complete in a year.
James Fitterling: No, you're going to be mechanically complete on Texas 9 at the beginning of second quarter next year. And then, of course, you've got to do the commissioning and start-up. And that takes you, usually, better part of a quarter to get it up and running. So, we're right on schedule with operational by midyear next year, Jeff.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Jeff.
Operator: And next we'll move to Peter Butler with Glen Hill Investment.
Peter Butler: Good morning.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning.
Peter Butler: If the pending DowDuPont merger, in effect, has dealt you guys a new hand of cards, how do you, as you look back, how do you evaluate the new hand? And does this have the possibilities of really making a huge disconnect in your future that you could be on the cusp of a really good earnings and cash flow story, I think.
Andrew Liveris: Peter the last slide in the deck, which I went through, was to give you guys a great visibility the way we're thinking about your question, which is, as we put together these historic transactions, the Dow Corning one just closed, and, of course, you're seeing a little bit of the positive effect of that already in our synergy increase there, is our confidence in delivering against the EBITDA that's in the slide in the deck. And the DowDuPont transaction, the two becoming three powerful companies based on the synergies that we'll get as well as the complementarity and the growth vehicles that we created, Materials Science, Agricultural Science and Specialties. I know you heard Ed the other day. We're working pedal to the metal to get those metrics in place, the milestones in place. The board reviews and the way we'll run the merged companies with advisory committees. All those metrics, so we're aligned to implement, beat to close, beat to synergy, beat to spin. And those details, granular details, with the powerful shareholder vote approval we got last week, over 97% approval in our case and in DuPont's case. This is just an indicator. This is a lot of EBITDA that's going to come at both the merged company and the intended spins. And we gave you a road map to the new Dow Materials Science company on that last slide, which shows you 25% EBITDA margins and greater than $15 billion.
Operator: And David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank will have our next question.
David Begleiter: Thank you, good morning. Andrew and Jim, maybe just talk about what's next on the ethylene capacity front. Sadara is almost done. Texas 9 will be ramping up next year. Is the next increment capacity in Saudi Arabia or, like [indiscernible] is doing, will it be in the U.S. from your perspective for Dow Chemical?
Andrew Liveris: Yeah, I'll give Jim a shot as well. Look, I think supply and command, Jim's already spoken to that, so we won't be redundant there. But we think about this as get these units up, satisfy the demand that's out there. Ethylene/polyethylene/plastics are growing very nicely as a factor to GDP. And as the number one player in the world, we're always looking for our increments. And we're going to have some very nice increments available to us for the next investment cycle. But fair to say our very big focus is getting these units up and running, and then we'll calibrate what they are. We've got ideas, and Jim and his team are working on those. Jim, you might want to add some thoughts there.
James Fitterling: You know, David, I'd say right now, we typically tend to look at two things; obviously, where you're going to have the low cost feedstocks. And so places like the United States certainly, the Middle East, Canada potentially, Argentina potentially, are all locations where you're going to have access to low cost feedstocks. The good news for us is, we're in all of those places and we have the ability to expand in all those places. And Andrew said, some of that is very incremental for us. So certainly in Canada and the U.S. Gulf Coast, we have opportunities for increment, and then we have the footprint in all of those places to be able to do something full scale, if that's what we decide to do. Right now, we have a lot coming at us over this next few years, and we want to make sure that we take best advantage of the investment that we've already made.
Operator: Next we'll move on to Christopher Parkinson with Credit Suisse.
Christopher Parkinson: Perfect. Thank you very much. Do you have any quick updates on the ENLIST approval process for either cultivation or importation? And also, where do you stand with licensee agreements? And then also, sorry to sneak another one in, real quick, if you have any comments on the progress of active crop protection launches, specifically the ones in 2018 and the registration processes, it would also be greatly appreciated. Thank you.
Andrew Liveris: I'll let Howard get into the Q&A here, as the resident Ag expert. Go ahead, Howard.
Howard Ungerleider: I was waiting for the first Ag question. Good morning, Chris. On ENLIST and the approval in China, we continue to wait import approval for the ENLIST corn trait in China. We believe we've provided everything to the Ministry of Agriculture with all the data that they have requested. So we can't tell you when, but technically, with all the data, we believe we're ready to receive the approval. In terms of your ENLIST license question. So, look on corn, Monsanto has a non-exclusive royalty-bearing license to access thousand list corn traits. On soybean, the plan is to utilize our own channel and other soybean seed companies, both in the U.S. and Latin America. And we're partnering with the strong regional companies, both in the U.S. and Latin America. And with cotton, we're going to market with the DAS brands, so PhytoGen. And remember, cotton accounts for 10% of the ENLIST acres that we're projecting. So, full speed ahead, but we are waiting for the China approval.
Operator: And next we'll hear from John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: Thank you.
Andrew Liveris: Hi, John.
John Roberts: DowDuPont reportedly has offered some Ag concessions to the E.U. regulators. Could you tell us if they only address normal horizontal market share concerns, or are there any vertical market share concerns that you need to think about?
Andrew Liveris: Yeah, John. Thank you. No, we can't disclose that. In essence, the regulatory approval process and what we're doing in terms of remedies, there was couple of statements out there. But look, just rest assured, as Ed said the other day, we're deep into this process. E.U. a key jurisdiction, and we're quite conscious of some of their concerns, which you'd expect. The one thing that we're very clear on is what this is and what this isn't. What this is the creation of three growth companies, not one mega merger. So the details around that are obviously very detailed, and they do get into questions like yours. And rest assured that we've got all sorts of thoughts on how we can get to close by year-end, and we're still confident we can do that.
Operator: And next we'll move on to Steve Byrne with Bank of America.
Stephen Byrne: I have another Ag question for you, Howard. Continuing with the question on ENLIST. There are some reports recently of some soybean damage from the drift of dicamba from your competitor's herbicide tolerance product. Can you comment on whether that risk of drift from 2,4-D is as great of a concern for you guys, or is it less?
Howard Ungerleider: Yeah. I would just say, Steve, we feel really good about the ENLIST technology platform. Remember it's both a seed as well as the over the top ENLIST Duo herbicide. And when you do that combination - our view on the herbicide, on ENLIST Duo, we have reduced volatility and reduced drift. All the field forward trials that we've done in the U.S. and Canada have proven that out, on top of all the test plots that we have done internally within Dow Ag, so we feel very good about that.
Operator: And we'll move on with Duffy Fischer with Barclays.
Duffy Fischer: Yeah, good morning, fellows.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning.
Duffy Fischer: You gave a lot of helpful guidance on the slide in the back around Dow Corning, but I was wondering if you could kind of help quarterly, just because as we annualize this the first year, we don't have good year-over-year data for it. That $800 million and some of the synergies rolling through, how will that impact quarterly in Q3 and Q4?
Andrew Liveris: Well, I'll give you a second quarter look on Dow Corning, Duffy, and thanks for the question. In the second quarter, the Dow Corning on the EBITDA line was about $100 million tailwind for us. Now that included a little bit of purchasing step-up related activity, so you can't take that and roll it through for the full back half of the year. I would say remember, though, all of our divestitures that we had through the last year. So there was about $100 million of headwinds on divestitures. So those pretty much offset each other. On the EPS line in the second quarter, Dow Corning was about a $0.02 EPS tailwind, because you take that $100 million, you have to raise - we borrowed additional money to fund the deal, so you got a higher interest cost and then, of course, you got purchase step-up accounting as well that's a little bit of an offset. So, on the EPS line it was a $0.02 tailwind for us in the second quarter.
Operator: And next we'll move on to Aleksey Yefremov with Nomura Securities.
Aleksey Yefremov: Good morning. Thank you. Turning back to Sadara. Could you tell us what is the current plan for having the entire project be up and running, and also what do you expect the net equity contribution for Sadara to be next year. Is it going to be a tailwind or a headwind?
Andrew Liveris: I'll let Jim pile on. I just wanted to just - he said something earlier which gives me opportunity to repeat what he said and then double down on it. So, Howard and I made a trip out there just this last weekend and we had a thorough review with the project team. Jim's on the board and he's the lead for Dow on that board. The new energy minister, Khalid Al-Falih, the previous CEO of Aramco, was present for a whole day. We are into the granular detail of starting up 25 units all in parallel and many of them, there's over 500 Dow people on the site to assist the local Saudis in getting it all up and running. Very impressed with the quality of the Saudi workforce, by the way. It's first class. We train them around the world, they're great. And we've got the human resources on the ground and, of course, we're now working on the most important one of them all which is getting the mix feed cracker up and running. And then Jim may comment on that. Actually they fed ethane in while we were there for the first time. And not often that you want to see a ground flare burning ethylene, but everyone was celebrating the burning of ethylene through the ground flare. That's just a little piece of detail for you to let you know there's real things happening on that site. Now the handoffs, the multistage handoffs, the fact that we're allowing most of this year and all of next year to get these handoffs before we're all the way done. There's going to be a lot of those handoffs on the interfaces. And, Jim, you may want to comment on the complexity and what we expect.
James Fitterling: Right. So as soon as this cracker comes up, we've got the two PE plants ready to run. And then a third PE plant will be ready to run before the end of the year. So that will consume quite a bit of ethylene. And then EO and PO derivatives come on next, and they're going to be complete in the end of third quarter beginning of fourth quarter. They have a start-up phase to go through, and so you can expect to see them in the first quarter of 2017. And then as we go down the aromatics chain, you'll start to see isocyanates and some of the other derivatives come on by mid next year. So, throughout the end of this year and through most of next year, we're going to be sequentially starting up these units in this big integrated complex to bring the whole thing up and running. Right now, construction is 99.5% complete. So mechanical completions, every week we're handing over units to the project team and the operations team. So we look in good shape to get it up and running. The point on tailwind, our view is still you're going to see equity earnings out of Sadara of $400 million to $500 million in that timeframe when they're all up and running.
Howard Ungerleider: Yeah, I would just say, in terms of - Jim's guidance was a long-term point on earnings, so we still feel really good about Sadara. If you want to talk about this year punctually, year-on-year 2016 versus 2015, it's likely to be about a $250 million enterprise level headwind for us sequentially, and probably about a $400 million cash flow headwind for us, just as we fund the completion and start-up costs associated with the whole integrated site.
Operator: And next, we'll move to Jonas Oxgaard with AllianceBernstein.
Jonas Oxgaard: Hi, guys. Congrats on the quarter.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you.
Jonas Oxgaard: Question. Your friends over at DuPont guided, on Tuesday that they would be unable to finish the 2 billion share buyback due to volume restrictions. Is that also true for you guys?
Andrew Liveris: Go ahead, Howard.
Howard Ungerleider: Yeah, Jonas, good morning. I would say, yeah, we're going to be synchronized in our stock buyback, right? As you know well, until the shareholder vote, we've been required to be out of the market. We're very pleased, and Andrew talked about the shareholder vote earlier in the call. So we're pleased that that's behind us. So, right now, we're not going to do any kind of an ASR. We're going to go open market purchases. So, obviously, the next step is, we need the trading window to open. As soon as the trading window opens, we do intend fully to buy back stock, but within the volume limits that we have. And, obviously, the summer months, volume tends to be a little bit light. But we intend to buy as much as we possibly can, in sync with DuPont, in line with the volume.
Operator: And next, we'll move on to Don Carson with Susquehanna Financial.
Don Carson: Yes, Howard, another question on Ag. You talked about some headwinds, but there are some positives out there, too, like the reais turning in the second half. You talk of flat crop protection chemical volumes. So how do you see Ag earnings unfolding in the second half of this year and into next year, also with the headwind of lower grain prices?
Howard Ungerleider: Yeah, I mean, look, we've been aggressive in reducing costs. The long-term growth drivers in the business are robust, right? I mean, population growth, limited arable land, urbanization, water scarcity. I mean, you know, Don, better than probably anybody on this call, why we feel so good about the Ag market. I would say, we still believe that the market overall is going to decline 5%. But our team, the Dow Ag team, have really been focused on a combination of productivity, self-help, as well as introduction of new molecules on the crop protection side, as well as growing as much as we can as quickly as we can on the seed front. So we feel good about the back half. I mean, it's still a tough Ag macro. You talked a little bit about some of the potential, headwind movement and tailwind in Latin America, and I would agree with that. Our goal is to outperform the competition. That's what the team is focused on.
Neal Sheorey: And Rochelle, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Okay. Next, we'll hear from Hassan Ahmed with Alembic Global.
Hassan Ahmed: Morning, Andrew. I somehow made it. Andrew, a bunch of questions, obviously, on ethylene, polyethylene supply-demand fundamentals. Jim alluded to sort of this point earlier in the call that over the last couple of months we've sort of seen and heard a fair degree of cynicism around ethylene supply-demand fundamentals. But part and parcel with that cynicism is the feedstock side of things as well. There seems to be this perception that ethane is going get tight very quickly. And I've heard numbers like $0.50 to $0.60 a gallon imminently being thrown around. Now, you clearly have a slide in the deck talking about your views on ethane being long. So, A, would love for you to talk a bit about why you feel ethane's going to be long. And, B, what sort of energy pricing stack are you using when you're coming up with your ethane supply-demand sort of analysis?
Andrew Liveris: Go ahead, Jim, and I'll add a couple comments when you're done.
James Fitterling: Thanks. And thanks. I think it's a very good question, Hassan, and it's the reason we put that in the back of the deck. I'm glad you looked at that. I think a couple of things. Obviously, on the demand side for ethane, my comments about what's happening with project delays and things are sliding out the timing, impacts a little bit of that demand picture. But the power of feedstock flexibility here is what we always talk about in Dow, and one of the reasons we invest the way that we do, is that propane and natural gas play a big role in this too. So, propane right now is capping ethane. And the other dynamic that you see happening, is that propane exports out of the U.S. are really flooding and exhausting some of the available buyers that are in that market. And natural gas prices are low. And the supply, even with the rig counts down, the supply has continued to be very strong, and now we're starting to see rig counts pick up a little bit. So our view here is that, despite the exports, despite all the other things happening, you're still going to be long propane and ethane. And you're going to be longer nat gas and propane than you are ethane. And when you're long propane, and propane is in the crack slate, that's advantage Dow. And so that's what we play for. Obviously, we have the flexibility to go back into ethane when that's possible. But look, there's more gas supply, at low cost, that's coming on every day. Not just in the U.S. It's coming on in the Middle East, it's in Australia. It's putting pressure on these gas prices, and that's going to help us out.
Andrew Liveris: Yeah, and I just want to add a comment there, because it enables us to repeat, the 15 quarters in a row of EPS growth year-on-year has come under all environments at $100, and all environments at low $30. And there's been corrections out there, because the view is - the basis of your question, Hassan, is that in some way, where naphtha is versus ethane, where naphtha is versus propane, is linked to where oil is versus gas. And what we have seen, and what we have said, and what we've now performed against under these diverse environments is, firstly, our geographic mix helps us. Secondly, our feedstock flexibility enables us. Thirdly, we've added to that flexibility, i.e. propane in Europe, for a great example of that. And we see propane as long as far as the eye can see. And, lastly, and very importantly, low oil price over time has enabled consumer demand. It took a while, but it's here. U.S. consumers are spending because they've got more money in their pockets. That's also happening in countries like China, which is becoming more consumer-led.. So, a low oil price with the enablement of feedstock flexibility on the Dow side, with ethane, propane, some butane, here certainly in the U.S., and our feedstock flexibility engine in Europe, means we can maximize profits in the chain. That key slide that Jim had in his deck. So, we can make money as long as there is demand. There is demand. The feedstock input-output thing, we're managing to maximize profit, maximize margin, which is a price volume trade-off in that chain, and we're doing it successfully now under all environments.
Operator: And at this time, I would like it turn the call back over to Mr. Neal Sheorey for any additional or closing remarks.
Neal Sheorey: Thanks very much. Andrew, before we close the call, would you like to make any final comments?
Andrew Liveris: Yeah, I would like to pick up on Hassan's question and go a little forward and lean into the company's strong performance in the quarter as a harbinger. 15 quarters in a row, Consumer Solutions, Infrastructure Solutions, and Plastics performed, and they performed in tangent with a consumer-led economy. We have the portfolio to keep performing and keep strong performance. But we're not resting there. Self-help actions for many years on reducing cost, taking productivity to the bottom line, keeping it sticky. The 2500 positions we're reducing, i.e., the 700 extra on top of the Dow Corning announcement is a great example of how we're continuing to work the cost engine, not just feedstocks but actual costs, so that we can stay in a margin expansion mode, now 15 in a row. This has not only yielded margin, but the working capital side of this, you got to look at what we have done. We produced 1 billion more pounds in the quarter from a year ago. 2 billion pounds more from the same machine from the first half point of view. Those extra pounds and that operating rate and disciplined working capital is generating this extra free cash flow that will feed the share buyback question that Howard answered. And we're very committed to working capital management, cash flow management, free cash flow generation to keep working the balance sheet, so we increase share buybacks. And then this strong demand environment will continue. Look, it's not a great global economy, but it's a consumer-led economy and our products speak to it. And our new plants will come online at the right time. So, all of our interventions and actions are producing and they are continuing to produce. Dow Corning, accretive in the first month. Synergies raised already. The merger on track. And with a great see-through to these three new entities. These three great growth entities. We're firing on all cylinders and we will continue to do so.
Neal Sheorey: Thank you, Andrew. And thank you, everyone on the call, for your questions. As always, we appreciate your interest in the Dow Chemical Company. For your reference, a copy of our prepared remarks will be posted on Dow's website later today. This concludes our call for today. We look forward to speaking with you again soon.
Operator: And that will conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-29 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day. Welcome to the Dow Chemical Company's 1Q 2016 Earnings Results Conference Call. Also please note today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Neal Sheorey. Please go ahead, sir.
Neal Sheorey: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to the Dow Chemical Company's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. I'm Neal Sheorey, Vice President of Investor Relations. As usual, we are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of the Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Howard Ungerleider, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer and Jim Fitterling, President and Chief Operating Officer. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are posted on our Investor Relations financial reporting page. You can also access the slides through the link to our webcast. I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in both the press release and in the slides. In summary, it says that statements in the press release, the presentation and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provision under Federal Securities Laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. In addition, some of our comments reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and on our website. Unless otherwise specified, all comparisons presented today will be on a year-over-year basis. Sales comparisons exclude divestitures and acquisitions. EBITDA, EBITDA margins, return on capital and earnings comparisons exclude certain items. Some of our comments may also contain statements about our announced agreement to complete a merger of equals with DuPont and the intention to subsequently spin into three independent publicly traded companies. In connection with this intended transaction, Dow and DuPont have filed and will file materials with the SEC that contain important information. We advise you to read them. These filings are available free of charge from the SEC or Dow or DuPont as applicable. I will now turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Neal, and if we can turn to slide four. Dow's resolute focus on our priorities was once again evident in the first quarter. The Dow team is clearly building momentum as we head toward our historic Dow Corning and DowDuPont transactions. Simply put, our strategy's working, yet again underscoring the power of our differentiation and integration coupled with a focused market participation, driven by our innovation agenda and disciplined productivity mindset. The strength of our businesses and our unique business model was on full display as our integrated value-add specialty businesses and broad geographic footprint enabled us to outperform versus our more narrowly focused competitors despite lower hydrocarbon and crop price environments. I'm very proud of our team's achievements and their relentless focus and action with self-help actions on productivity, variable margin management and targeted growth driving our agenda. We have and will continue to run our businesses to maximize value for our customers, and returns for our shareholders as you can see that in our results: 14 consecutive quarters of earnings growth and EBITDA margin expansion, 10 consecutive quarters of volume growth, the highest production volume quarter in our history and we delivered value for those additional pounds as disciplined margin management enabled the highest EBITDA margin in more than a decade. Importantly, on a trailing 12-month basis, this translated to an expansion in both ROC and EVA. These results have enabled us to increasingly reward our shareholders as we paid our highest regular quarterly dividend in our history of $0.46 per share. I'll now turn the call over to Howard and Jim to cover highlights from the quarter, updates on Dow Corning and DowDuPont and our Plastics outlook. I'll then close the call with our market outlook and strategic priorities. Howard?
Howard I. Ungerleider: Thank you, Andrew, and good morning, everyone. Turning to slide six, our results reflected our continued discipline in executing on our financial priorities. Operating EPS increased 6% to $0.89 per share. Volume increased 4%. We saw growth around the world with North America up 6%, Europe, Middle East, Africa and India up 4%, and Asia-Pacific up 3%. This more than offset a decline in Latin America, down 4%. Emerging geographies also continued to grow with India up 13% and Greater China up 5% reflecting continued consumer driven demand. Overall, price was down 12% primarily due to local price declines of which the largest contributor was the hydrocarbons business and ongoing currency headwinds. However, it's important to note that our ongoing margin management more than offset these declines enabling operating EBITDA margin expansion to 21% with some of the strongest gains in our downstream innovation focused businesses in Consumer Solutions and Infrastructure Solutions. Operating EBITDA was $2.3 billion with notable strength in our transportation, infrastructure, and electronic end markets, plus an all-time record in consumer solutions and a first quarter record in Performance Plastics which were more than offset by the impact of lower equity earnings and divestitures. Moving on to our dashboard of key financial metrics on slide seven which reflect our consistent track record of delivering earnings growth, margin expansion and strong cash flow. As a reminder, our financial priorities include delivering 3% above the cost of capital, driving 10% EPS growth over the long-term, maintaining a capital structure that provides financial flexibility and continuing to increasingly reward shareholders. And as you see here, over the last three years we've made steady progress against each one. Now I'll turn to our segment results on slide eight starting with Ag. Agriculture Sciences' operating EBITDA was nearly flat with EBITDA margin up 250 basis points. The result exemplifies our self-help mindset as disciplined productivity essentially offset the impact of challenging market conditions and currency headwinds. We also reached further milestones on our innovation agenda. In the ENLIST program we launched cotton in the U.S., in crop protection the business progressed its investments in support of launches from its product pipeline for novel herbicides such as Arylex and Rinskor and Inatreq fungicide. Looking ahead, we maintain our view that the market will be down 3% to 5% this year as we expect high yields in the Americas, high channel inventories, ongoing currency headwinds and low crop prices. While it may be too early to call the bottom, we are encouraged to see corn and soybean pricing rise from recent lows and long-term, the world continues to need solutions that will drive greater Ag productivity. Turning now to Consumer Solutions on slide nine, this segment achieved an all-time operating EBITDA record, and margin expanded 400 basis points reflecting robust demand for Dow's innovative product portfolios in the automotive and the semiconductor sectors. Dow Automotive Systems achieved volume gains on above market demand for solutions enabling lightweighting and sound dampening performance. The business launched a new BETAMATE solution for structural impact performance as well as technologies for advanced floor protection solutions. In Electronic Materials, despite a decline in demand for applications tied to personal computer components, we benefited from new business wins for semiconductor and display technologies. For Infrastructure Solutions on slide 10, EBITDA was essentially flat despite lower equity earnings and margin expanded 220 basis points. Dow Building and Construction delivered double digit volume growth with increases across all geographic areas on strong demand for our Construction Chemicals portfolio and STYROFOAM insulation. Here too, our innovation is delivering as we saw continued adoption of the FR63 flame retardant technology as well as progress with our INSTA STIK roofing adhesives and our liquid armor flashing and sealants. Energy & Water Solutions continued to be impacted by headwinds in oil and gas exploration. During the quarter, our Water business reached a milestone as its new RO membrane plant in Saudi Arabia sold its first production. This facility is targeted to meet demand of the emerging world for Dow's separation technologies. I'm pleased to report that the site is already delivering our differentiated value-added products and is operating at similar rates and yield as our state-of-the-art operation in Minnesota. Performance Monomers' profitability improved partly due to the business' decision to reduce its merchant sales exposure. And in Dow Coating Materials, the business grew volume due to improvements in industrial and architectural coating sectors, benefiting from a strategy to broaden Dow's participation in these end markets. The business continued to broaden its product portfolio, launching five new vinyl acrylic binders. In equity earnings, Dow Corning Silicone delivered a double-digit earnings increase on strong volume growth. On slide 11, Performance Materials & Chemicals increased volumes in most businesses. Polyurethanes delivered a double-digit volume increase on demand for system house applications and specialty polyols as the business continued to shift its mix into higher-value offerings. Industrial Solutions reported a volume decline, despite strength in the durables markets on weaker de-icer demand due to a milder winter. We also saw a notable decline in our equity earnings in the segment consistent with our modeling guidance from the ramp up of Sadara spending, the change in ownership of MEGlobal, and lower MEG prices. Performance Plastics on slide 12 delivered a record first quarter operating EBITDA with volume gains across all business. Packaging and Specialty Plastics achieved a new record polyethylene sales volume in the quarter driven by operational reliability and robust demand for its differentiated products. The business continued to advance its innovation agenda with new launches in several product families including AGILITY for food packaging, INFUSE for health and hygiene, and INNATE for industrial and consumer packaging. Gains were achieved in most geographic areas led by North America and Asia-Pacific with double digit growth in China. Earnings grew in our Thai JVs on stronger Asian NAFTA chain margins. These results were more than offset by a greater than $100 million headwind in Argentina due to our facility outage and the reduction of import barriers. Elastomers delivered earnings growth on higher demand for its differentiated technologies that enhanced the customer experience in transportation and high performance athletic footwear. And Electrical and Telecommunications achieved double-digit volume growth on demand for infrastructure projects, subsea cable and fiber optics. Turning to our second quarter and full year modeling guidance on slide 13, in the second quarter we do expect a seasonal uptick in infrastructure which lifts our Building and Construction, Coatings and Electrical and Telecommunications businesses. In Performance Plastics we expect year-over-year margin compression in Europe as well as reduced earnings from our position in Latin America. In Ag, we expect the market headwinds to persist. However, with our continued self-help actions we expect the first half of 2016 to be comparable to the same period in 2015 when adjusted for the impact of divestitures. In 2016, we continue to bring on several earnings growth catalysts starting with the PDH contribution which will continue to build throughout the year. The start-up of new units of Sadara will also continue. In fact, the second solution polyethylene train came online this month. Turnarounds and maintenance spending will be higher sequentially in the second quarter by $100 million to $150 million. We expect lower equity earnings to continue as a result of our portfolio actions, and the Sadara unit start-ups. Turnarounds and equity earnings headwinds in the second quarter will primarily impact Performance Materials and Chemicals and that will subside in the back half of the year. The Dow Corning transaction is expected to be a tailwind in the second half of the year and we will benefit from ethane cracking enhancements in Louisiana toward the end of the year. We also see pension expense continuing to provide a tailwind. As we look ahead, we expect our operating tax rate for the remainder of the year to be in the range of 23% to 27%. We expect our reported rate to fall in the 7% to 12% range in the second quarter assuming a successful Dow Corning close. I'll wrap up my comments this morning with an update on the Dow Corning transaction on slide 15. We have made significant progress towards the integration and will hit the ground running immediately following close. In the first quarter, the transaction received a favorable private letter ruling from the IRS and we have made steady progress on the regulatory front with approval from several key jurisdictions including China, Japan and the EU. Joint integration teams composed of Dow and Dow Corning leaders have been working together since the first of the year to set the foundation for a successful integration. With an eye toward our post-close priorities, we have established the business and the organizational structure that will lead Dow Corning in the future. The team is aligned to three areas of focus, delivery of the 2016 plan and the market and technology based growth in our key sectors such as infrastructure, transportation and consumer care, productivity and asset management as well as the seamless integration and realization of our cost synergies. I want to take a moment to talk about cost synergies and the work the team has accomplished to date which you'll see on slide 16. As we said in December, this traction provides Dow an opportunity to own all of the Silicones business and secure enhanced cost and growth synergies that are unique to Dow as the owner. Dow Corning Silicones is a successful and thriving business that Dow helped build over the last 70-plus years. This transaction enhances our market-facing businesses with a high quality silicones franchise and provides a catalyst for growth. It allows Dow to accelerate our narrower and deeper focus in our key value chains including transportation, infrastructure, consumer care and electronics. Because we know the business so well, there is a tremendous value in the synergy capture, and here Dow is uniquely positioned to access quick wins. The $300 million of cost synergies will focus on back office and operational efficiencies and we expect to achieve 100% run rate within 24 months after closing. You see here our latest estimate of how this will develop. We expect to deliver a 65% target run rate within 12 months. The team has now completed their work to validate our cost synergy target and their findings give me great confidence that we will hit our commitment. In total, we still see this transaction adding more than $1 billion in additional EBITDA for Dow on a full year basis post-synergy capture. It will also be accretive to our EPS, operating cash flow and free cash flow in year one. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James R. Fitterling: Thank you, Howard. Turning now to slide 17, we continue to make strides toward the close of DowDuPont and the pursuit of the intended separation into three independent publicly traded companies. Here you see our updated timeline. All key deliverables remain on track. A major milestone in the quarter was the filing of the Form S-4 registration statement and just last week we followed up with the first amendment. We continued to expect the S-4 will be made effective in the second quarter. Following that, both Dow and DuPont will set the date for our respective special meetings for shareholders to vote on the merger. The second major milestone in the quarter was our formation of a joint implementation management office or joint IMO which is driving the integration process across the two companies. And the third milestone was both companies jointly engaging McKinsey who has assisted many other companies through large successful integrations. Turning to slide 18; with oversight from the joint executive steering committee, the joint IMO is developing execution ready plans to ensure that we can quickly integrate the merger, capture our anticipated cost and revenue synergies and begin to operate as three independent divisions as soon as possible post-close. The clear objective of the joint IMO which Rick Olson from DuPont and I co-lead is speed of execution, speed to close, speed to capture the synergies and speed to spin. The team is squarely focused on that mission. Soon after forming the joint IMO, we commissioned multiple sub teams focused on the diversity of work streams from governance to stand up and separation activities to sourcing and purchasing. There have already been numerous joint planning meetings between the two companies. Plans are progressing well and we continue to make significant progress to realize the vision for the merger and the subsequent intended spins. One of the key deliverables for this team is an execution-ready playbook to achieve our greater than $3 billion synergy target. In this space we've already done considerable benchmarking to validate our targets. We followed a rigorous process coordinated by McKinsey to provide objectivity and external validation for our assumptions. We compared various financial metrics for the intended spins against best-in-class peers. We did this across businesses and functions. This independent benchmarking yielded a similar answer as the joint working session our companies held prior to announcing the merger. This is just one of the reasons why we feel even more confident in the target and the opportunity in front of us. We're equally excited about our near-term earnings growth drivers which are on slide 20. In March, our PDH plant successfully completed the performance test and achieved full run rates less than two months after start-up. The unit recently went down for planned maintenance and will begin ramping back up next week. We made significant progress on the construction of our Louisiana flexibility project, which is now 95% complete. And in Texas our Texas-9 cracker is 50% complete with more than 80% of the equipment installed. In Saudi Arabia we have started our second polyethylene plant on purchased ethylene and have proven several of the major cracker components. We continue to move forward with the start-up of this impressive site and expect those activities to accelerate as we proceed through the year. And our multiyear productivity push continues to deliver bottom line results. Let's now take a moment to discuss our outlook for the plastics and feedstocks markets starting with polyethylene on slide 21. Some are projecting much looser balances for the second half of the year and into next year. The main point of disagreement that we have with consultant projections is the speed in which new U.S. projects are brought online as well as assumptions about projects in Asia and the Middle East, which we find overly optimistic. If you look at history, you will see that industry supply projections are almost always higher than what is achieved due to project cancellations, construction delays and labor constraints. For example, in 2007, supply projections for 2012 were about six world scale ethylene crackers higher than what became reality. We generally degree on the demand projection in these scenarios which rest on sustainable urbanization in the developing world. Ten years ago, China's per capita use of polyethylene was roughly one-fifth of the United States. Today it's half. And this trend will continue. Our view is highlighted in the chart on the right. If you overlay more realistic assumptions about the ability of the industry to bring new facilities online, we see sustainably high rates of ethylene and polyethylene utilization for the next several years. In this environment, we believe that lasting value creation comes from participating in the entire Plastics value chain as outlined on Slide 22. The dynamics across the chain can shift significantly over time. The long-term winners are the players that own the entire chain integration and can manage the swings through feedstock flexibility, geographic diversification, innovation and differentiation. No one rivals Dow on this front, and our results have shown this time and time again. First, we believe the value of our advantaged feedstock positions will grow. Feedstock flexibility remains one of our signature advantages of Dow's cracker fleet. This combined with our European LPG capabilities and U.S. PDH form structural hedges for the exposure to frac spread pressures. And we continue to see ethane and propane balances as being favorable for some time. We have given our updated outlooks for these in the appendix. Bottom line, our view hasn't changed. We see plenty of NGLs available for the new crackers based on continued growth in gas demand. Second, European and Asia NAFTA cracker margins will continue to reflect tight conditions as underlying demand surpasses realized supply while the U.S. ethylene balance will be somewhat looser. Third, polyethylene over ethylene margins are likely to remain solid as polyethylene capacity additions lag ethylene expansions, especially in the U.S. The key point here is that it's consumer demand that drives the market balance. And finally, the value of Dow's differentiation should grow. We've proven the value of our customer intimacy and our differentiated portfolio time and again. We are the innovator to the packaging, elastomers and electrical and telecommunications industries, and that, coupled with our new capacities in Sadara and the U.S. Gulf Coast, drives growth and advantaged results. I'll now turn the call back over to Andrew.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Jim, and let's turn to slide 24 and our market outlook. In short, we expect to see continued consumer driven demand around much of the world. We see strong demand signals in North America, gradual recovery in Europe and ongoing consumer-led demand growth in China, all of which are driving the need for Dow's unique products, underscoring our innovation, market access and integration, enabling us to deliver value in our selected market sectors. We saw this in the quarter in the performance of our Building and Construction, Elastomers, Automotive and Electronic Materials businesses where our smart sized scale enabled us to produce high margin, technology-rich solutions faster and to commercialize them more quickly in the key sectors these businesses serve and grow faster than smaller-sized competitors. We believe that pockets of volatility will persist including near-term geopolitical and economic uncertainty, most notably in Brazil. Supply surpluses will continue in Agriculture and Energy. This outlook is what we've seen these last many years and we expect slow economic growth and high volatility to continue in the near term. Going forward, we will continue managing what we can control. We've shown we can grow earnings and volume in this environment using a narrower and deeper market focus, targeted innovation, and our exceptional low-cost and integrated position in the value chain. The Dow business model has outperformed its peers in the last several years and despite a mixed market outlook, we believe we can continue to do so. If you turn to slide 25, I'll end the call today by reiterating that we remain squarely aligned around three clear priorities this year. Priority one: deliver our 2016 plan. As the quarter showed, we are delivering and will continue to do so. Priority two: close the Dow Corning transaction. As Howard said, we are ready to implement and have clear targets in place to meet or exceed expectations. And priority three: move swiftly through the key steps of the DowDuPont transaction. As you heard from Jim, we are on track and we continue to see the $3 billion in projected cost synergies as the floor. We are driven by the mantra, speed to close, speed to spin. Our team has clear goals and a resolute focus on achieving them. Our unique combination of differentiation and integration coupled with a focused market participation driven by our innovation agenda is delivering results. Our broad geographic footprint and relentless productivity mindset will serve us well in the face of volatility and regional and market headwinds. The Dow team is building momentum for the integration of the Dow Corning Silicone's business, the creation of DowDuPont, and the ultimate creation of the new materials co to be named Dow, a growth company with a winning portfolio. These once-in-a-generation transactions further bolstered by our near-term growth drivers and our relentless focus on execution will enable new levels of value creation for our customers and generate even greater returns for our shareholders. And with that, Neal, let's turn to Q&A.
Neal Sheorey: Thank you, Andrew. Now we will move on to your questions. I ask that you please keep to one question so that we can allow as many people as possible the opportunity to ask a question. First, however, I would like to remind you that my comments regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, would you please explain the Q&A procedure?
Operator: Certainly. We'll take our first question from Hassan Ahmed from Alembic Global.
Hassan I. Ahmed: Morning, Andrew.
Andrew N. Liveris: Morning.
Hassan I. Ahmed: You know, obviously really continued strength within the Performance Plastics side of things. A couple of quick ones on that. You obviously outlined your views on NGLs so if you could just tell us, within those views of NGL pricing, what sort of natural gas and crude oil pricing assumptions do you have? So that's one part of it. And the second part is that in my mind obviously part of the continued strength within Performance Plastics was lower NGL prices but the other part was a rebound in ethylene prices. So could you also tell us who right now is setting the price for ethylene? Is it MTO?
Andrew N. Liveris: I'm going give that to Jim. Go ahead, Jim, both of them.
James R. Fitterling: Yeah. Hassan, thanks for the question. We believe that gas is really going to be very well supplied over this five-year horizon and I think in most cases, gas remains sub $3. Maybe it runs between $3 and $4 depending on where oil price goes. And our other view is that $50 to $60 barrel oil, the NGL supply is going to expand significantly in the U.S. Gulf Coast region. So when you combine that with the fact that the crackers' completion schedule and their RTO horizon is stretching out and that spreads that NGL demand intensity out and that's reflected in what we put in the appendix. Ethane export starts up this year but that growth is slow. And propane competition right now is acting as a ceiling for the prices at the cracker level. In fact, it's back into the site. And if you look at first quarter, ethane and propane were kind of at an even tradeoff in the cracker slate. So we think the outlook for NGLs for all these projects is going be just fine and then we'll continue to have a favorable balance there. And you'll see that in the oil and gas ratios as well. As far as ethylene, ethylene moved up $0.05 in March. And I think a little bit of that is some bounce-back in volume demand. As you could see from our own results, volume growth is good there. And you also see some impacts of different outages around the world. Some planned, some unplanned. Look, I'm not a believer yet in this whole theory that MTO is setting the pricing out there. I think demand is setting the pricing. MTO may be a factor in some commodity grades of ethylene, polyethylene in China but for most of the marketplace, I think you've also got a very, very competitive U.S. Gulf Coast situation that's helped setting that price.
Hassan I. Ahmed: Extremely helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Steve Byrne, Bank of America.
Steve Byrne: Hi. In your Ag business, what specifically are you doing to cut costs? And if the merger with DuPont closes, say, at the end of the calendar year, is that too late to negotiate with retailers on the combined platform of crop chemicals to negotiate a combined rebate program and/or to incent growers to buy both chemicals and seeds?
Andrew N. Liveris: Go ahead, Howard.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Yeah. Good morning, Steve. I mean, look, if you look at the Ag results for Dow AgroSciences this quarter, I'm really proud of Tim Hassinger and the whole team. On a down 10% top line, they were able to keep EBITDA flat. Actually if you exclude the divestitures, it was actually up a couple of percentage points. So they did just a tremendous job and the focus and the execution was evident. It was really around productivity. If you remember, we were one of the first in the Ag space to really declare that the Ag market was starting to slow down. And so they got ahead of it with footprint rationalizations and lower SG&A and lower R&D in a focused way. So that was one of the big differentiators in results this quarter. On your last question relative to Dow-DuPont, look, I mean, as you heard from Jim in the prepared remarks, we're on track with the closing before the end of the year. So we really have to get to 2017 before we can have those kinds of discussions. But the teams are actively working on synergies to make sure that we continue to get the cost efficiencies across all three of the intended spins.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yeah. But just to add to that last point, Howard, it's fair to say just to underline, we are separate companies, we're operating separately. We will not have any of those conversations and then when we get to day one, there'll be an opportunity and hopefully as I think stated by Jim, that's back half of this year for 2017.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Duffy Fischer from Barclays.
Duffy Fischer: Yes. Good morning, fellows. First question is just around the cost programs. What was running through this quarter cumulatively and how should that step up throughout the year?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yeah. I think I'd like Jim to have a shot at that and, Howard, you can add if you wish.
James R. Fitterling: Duffy, we had in-flight programs that we started last year. Some of them were related to making sure that we had stranded costs out as we did the chlorine divestiture so some of that is rolling through. And we've essentially got those stranded costs out from the chlorine deal. Additionally, we have some other activities that are going on from productivity that also hit in things like cost of goods sold. So you'll see that show up in the EBITDA margins, things that we're doing on efficiencies there, both in manufacturing, supply chain, some IT cost improvements. A couple years ago, we finished the implementation of a new IT infrastructure and we're starting to see some productivity come out of that. And then each of the businesses has individual targets and each of the functions have individual targets which will keep rolling out. We have a $300 million target for in-flight savings for 2016 and we banked $90 million of it in the first quarter. So we're on track to deliver that target and more.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thanks, Duffy.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take next question from Vincent Andrews, Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Stephen Andrews: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Just a question on your volume and your operating rate. I've been under the impression that in 4Q you obviously had a big quarter there. I thought that inventory levels in general were pretty low coming into 1Q. Then you obviously were able to run all the assets harder to put up the volume growth. Where are we in terms of your inventory levels as we head into 2Q and your ability to run harder? I'm just trying to think about how we should be thinking about volume sequentially from here.
Andrew N. Liveris: Jim, go ahead.
James R. Fitterling: Yeah. Vince, this is Jim. We had really a strong first quarter, obviously strong volume sales and also good inventory performance. I would say right now inventories in most of these chains are very balanced. I'll use Plastics as an example where I can give you some specific data. We had 37 days, the industry had 37 days of inventory in North America going into the big turnaround season here. And that is really a tight inventory position. And we obviously are at that level, slightly below that as we head in. And operating rates have been very high. So I don't think in any of these businesses you're going to see the units in inventory be very high. You have some working capital impacts from the changes on accounts receivable and payable because of what's happened with the revenue line. But on a units basis, things remain balanced and relatively low for this time in the year. We have turnarounds coming up in Q2. But we're going to be coming out of those with tight inventories and the ability to still run hard.
Vincent Stephen Andrews: Okay. Thank you very much.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas: Hi. Good morning.
Andrew N. Liveris: Hi, Jeff.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas: I would have thought that you would have earned a lot more in Performance Plastics and Performance Materials this quarter, in that European ethylene margin or European petrochemical margins were much stronger in the first quarter than they were in the fourth quarter. And U.S. ethylene margins really weren't all that different because of falling raw material costs. Your big competitor reported flat to up sequential petrochemical results and yours are down 15% or 20% sequentially. Did something happen? Or what accounts for the sequential quarter change that you're experiencing that some of your competitors didn't experience?
Andrew N. Liveris: Go ahead, Jim.
James R. Fitterling: Thanks, Jeff. I'll talk about our performance and then we'll talk about the peers next. First on Plastics, I think one of the things that is not evident just at the high level on the numbers is we had about a $100 million headwind from Latin America. And it was a combination of currencies and obviously the changes that happened in Argentina as they removed duties and opened up. So people won't see that in terms of the high level numbers. In Europe we saw strong business in Europe just as you mentioned and I don't think our view there is any different than our peers. When you look at Performance Materials & Chemicals, I'd say that delta is 50/50. And if you look at polyurethanes in Performance Materials & Chemicals, they're carrying the burden this year of the higher start-up cost of Sadara. So you have to, on a run-rate basis, you have to think about where they will be next year. And they've also got some commodity price pressures in some parts of the chain, mostly in isocyanates right now. And then in Industrial Solution, Howard mentioned that we actually, with the stepdown on MEGlobal and also the slower MEG prices, that hits Industrial Solutions earnings. So if you look about at Industrial Solutions, how they did year-over-year, that's carrying that stepdown in MEGlobal and MEG prices. And also a de-icing season that was 50% lighter than it was last year, and the weight of oil and gas sector. Some of the EO derivatives go into the oil and gas sector and they're carrying that. So I think that explains really most of our own performance. On peer comparisons you have to adjust for one times and portfolio differences, so divestiture sales and then the portfolio difference. Some of our peers are heavy into polypropylene and, of course, we don't play in that space. When you take those things out and put it on an apples-to-apples basis I think you'll see that it's a slight beat there.
Andrew N. Liveris: And we could help you on follow-up on specific comparison to the competitor you referenced. But we're quite comfortable that we are at or better than their performance.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Frank Mitsch from Wells Fargo.
Frank J. Mitsch: Hey. Good morning, gentlemen. And Andrew, nice job on the quarter and perhaps even nicer job delegating questions this morning. You're keeping Jim and Howard on their toes.
Andrew N. Liveris: Frank, it's a new mode for me and I appreciate you noticing it.
Frank J. Mitsch: Yes. Yes. Hey, as I think about the quarter and actually the recent quarters, the volumes have absolutely been eye popping. I'm wondering to what extent  Brent is up  well actually it's about  Brent today is about 35% or so higher than when the last time you guys reported a quarter. I'm wondering to what extent some of the volume is that. And I'm wondering to what extent, if we see Brent stabilize here, maybe we see volumes start to moderate. Could you offer some comments on that?
Andrew N. Liveris: I'll start seeing you said I haven't answered a question yet. I'll start and I'll let Jim or Howard pile on. Look, just being in both Europe and Asia, specifically Japan and China, I would tell you the low oil price phenomena is seeping through to the consumer economy in both places, actually, as oil importers. And that's been a sustained trend now for several quarters. You're seeing consumption increase. And then double down on our products that we supply, some of the very specialty products that we have downstream. These are the products that the Chinas and the Europes need, whether it be lightweight materials for cars or whether it be building insulation for energy-efficient buildings. On and on, our innovation agenda is working in those economies. So we're seeing sustainable volumes because we can actually sell out asset and sell up asset. It's that combination, Jim had it on slide, I think 22, that shows that we can make money at different parts of  in his particular case, he referenced the Plastics business. So we think that's detaching itself from that oil number quite substantially. In fact, Frank, if you've seen our 14 quarters in a row and 10 quarters in a row of volume increase, if you see how that volume increase is made up, it's mix and it's mix under  if you look at the extremes of oil price, we've had oil price as high as $120 in that four-year period, and oil price as low as in the high $20s in that same period. Yet we've grown volume through sustained execution of products people need. So it's not an inventory readjustment that you're noticing in our results. Jim, did you want to pile on?
James R. Fitterling: Yeah. The other thing I would say, Frank, Andrew mentioned China. We had probably 70% of our businesses where we were double-digit growth in volume in China this quarter. Packaging, polyurethanes, Industrial Solution, elastomers, electrical and telecom, auto coatings, Building & Construction all right down the line. And it's all strong consumer-driven demand. You've got an economy that's changing there and we play in all of those spaces. The second thing I would say is around the world, Auto has continued to be strong. And in all these portfolios, you've got an increasing number of new products that are driving innovation. You see that show up in the EBITDA margin line. So it's not just volume of old, existing products. It's volume of brand new products and innovation advantaged products, whether it's in Automotive with adhesives, some of the things we talked about in Building & Construction, new olefin block copolymers and elastomers into Asia which was just a blockbuster quarter for them in Asia-Pacific. You've got a lot of strength. It's not just one particular thing.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from John Roberts, UBS.
John Roberts: Thanks. Nice quarter, guys. Howard, I was a little confused about the second quarter tax guidance. So that's 7% to 12% tax rate that you say is reported. Will there be an operating rate that'll be in the 23% to 27% range? Will it be given some differences or does the second quarter actually have a low operating rate too?
Howard I. Ungerleider: Yeah, John. Good morning. No. To be clear, the operating tax rate guidance we expect in the second quarter and really through the balance of the year, the operating rate should be in the 23% to 27% range. I just wanted to highlight, because we do expect to close the Dow Corning transaction in the second quarter and assuming that happens, the reported rate is going be likely in the 7% to 12% range driven by the balance sheet gain that we'll get on the step, just on the purchase accounting side of the equation. I just wanted to flag that so you weren't surprised.
John Roberts: And then, Jim, I think you said polyethylene expansions are expected to lag ethylene expansions in the U.S. Where does the excess ethylene go if the polyethylene expansions lag the ethylene expansions?
James R. Fitterling: Well that's a good question, John. I think right now in the short term with some of the unplanned events that are happening you're seeing some of it go into EDC and BCM so you're probably seeing a little higher run rates in those industries. The volume is still good on EG. There's not a lot of EG in the Gulf but the volume is still good there. The other thing is you're seeing exports move up out of the U.S. because of the cost competitiveness. The U.S. is exporting more polyethylene so you're seeing more of that product move.
John Roberts: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Peter Butler, Glen Hill Investments.
Peter E. Butler: Good morning. Good morning.
Unknown Speaker: Good morning.
Andrew N. Liveris: Morning.
Peter E. Butler: Obviously there's been a lot of volatility in currency and energy markets of late. Is Dow gearing up and getting more aggressive in trading? Do you see opportunities here to make some decent money?
Andrew N. Liveris: Howard, talk about our forex hedging and (44:23) hedging.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Yeah. Well, what I would say is, I mean, look, we're still  as I said in the opening comments, I mean, currency is still a net headwind for us although it's been a declining headwind. So in the quarter we had about a $0.04 EPS headwind on currency, about $60 million in EBITDA. In terms of our treasury group, I mean, Peter, you know they do an exceptional job. We do not speculate on currency. We do hedge our economic exposure and that work has been going on and will continue to go on.
Andrew N. Liveris: Jim, did you want to comment on the energy headwind?
James R. Fitterling: Yeah. I'd say, Peter, in our model obviously the biggest hedge that we have in here is a physical hedge. And so we manage that very, very actively and take advantage of the seasonality that's out there in the marketplace. And we can do that because of our storage and we can do that because of the access that we have to the market. Nobody's got the flexibility or the kind of access we have to all the NGLs, naphtha oil. So that helps us a lot. But as far as speculation, it's to Howard's point as well, we're very careful about how we manage that.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Aleksey Yefremov from Nomura Securities.
Aleksey Yefremov: Good morning. Thank you.
Andrew N. Liveris: Hey.
Aleksey Yefremov: If you look at Sadara, do you expect sequential improvement in equity contribution within Plastics as polyethylene units start up? And is it fair to say that most of your year-over-year headwind in equity earnings is concentrated in Materials and Chemicals?
Andrew N. Liveris: Jim, take the first slice of that.
James R. Fitterling: Yeah. So right now the commissioning is going well and we're underway with the mixed-feed cracker. The key point will be when that mixed-feed cracker starts up. So once we get the mixed-feed cracker running and we can communicate to you that it's up and running, we've got those two polyethylene plants proven. At that point, you should start to see some of that show up into the Performance Plastics business. Obviously, the start-up costs on Performance Materials and Chemicals, primarily in the polyurethanes business, are going to continue through the year because those units don't start up until later in the year. So it's kind of a mixed bag there. And I would expect you won't see most of it until probably second half.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Yeah. And not much to add. I mean, we gave the down $50 million to $100 million headwind year-on-year for the second quarter if you look at it versus same quarter a year ago. And clearly the tailwind, it will come in Plastics in the back half of the year to Jim's point. But PMC is going to be a headwind for us all year. They're in the big part of the build from a unit op standpoint in Performance Materials and Chemicals.
Aleksey Yefremov: And Jim...
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Christopher Parkinson from Credit Suisse. Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Perfect. Thank you very much. I'm just going to be boring and switch back to Ag from Plastics. You mentioned the Ag sector should be down roughly 3% to 5% year-on-year, but could you just offer a little more guidance given your cautious view in Brazil and Southeast Asia due to political challenges and weather? And then also the South American market and North America. And then also very quickly on your comment on Argentina, regarding your herbicide portfolio do you have the necessary registrations to benefit from improvements there? Thank you.
Andrew N. Liveris: Go ahead, Howard.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Yeah. Thanks, Chris. I mean I would say, look, first you got to look at Ag as a first half. So first quarter, second quarter and so that's where I said in the prepared comments that on balance, it's going be essentially flat ex-M&A, first half versus first half a year ago. I will say, and I'd hesitate to call the bottom but you certainly see crop prices have moved up. We are moving from an El Nino weather pattern to a potential La Nina weather pattern and that could be helpful into 2017. I would say in Latin America, there is a greater optimism today. We see upside in the second half in Latin America. If inflation doesn't ramp up further, things should improve gradually.
Andrew N. Liveris: Want to comment on Argentina?
Howard I. Ungerleider: Yeah. I mean, I think we are very well positioned on the crop protection side in Argentina.
Andrew N. Liveris: And the registration's not an issue at all?
Howard I. Ungerleider: No.
Andrew N. Liveris: Okay.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from P.J. Juvekar from Citi.
P.J. Juvekar: Yes. Hi. Good morning. Jim, I want to go back to your ethane and propane comments. Propane exports are going up significantly and ethane demand could go up with the new crackers and Enterprise Products building the export terminal. So are you expecting more drilling activity to get to your outlook of a long ethane propane? And then given that, what is your new expectations for EBITDA from your PDH and the new ethylene plant? Thank you.
James R. Fitterling: Well there's demand  thanks, P.J. There's demand obviously for natural gas. And as that natural gas demand increases and you start to see frac spreads come back, so your point on exports, you're starting to see some improvements in the frac spreads. As you start to see those come back, although we think they're going remain subdued. Maybe frac spreads will be $1, $1.50 a million BTU. That's enough incentive for people to take more out of the gas and you're going start to see some NGLs become more available there. And then the other factor is oil price. And our view is oil is going to $50 to $60. Currently that's obviously, I think the way the market, financial market is headed, but and they're usually ahead of when the supply demand balances. And our view is the back half of this year that supply demand is going to balance. Q1 output in the U.S. was down 200,000 barrels a day quarter-over-quarter. I think the back half you're going to see that tighten up a little bit more and then into 2017. So those two factors I think, from our view, are going to continue to drive the availability of those NGLs.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Bob Koort from Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Berney: Good morning. This is Ryan Berney on for Bob. I just wanted to ask a question here on the polyethylene operating curve that you provided on slide 21. I think you said earlier that you expect kind of polyethylene units to lag the ethylene, especially in the U.S. But here it looks like you have kind of your polyethylene rate dipping ahead of when that capacity is probably going to come online in 2017 and 2018. So I'm kind of wondering if you could bridge there whether that's just a kind of pickup in demand expectations or really how you think about that.
James R. Fitterling: Yeah. In general, on polyethylene capacity and supply demand, one of the things you have to bear in mind with these numbers is there's a wide range of interpretation on them. In these assets you make a mix of products and they can swing those operating rates 2% or 3% pretty easily. So a flat line like you see there in 2016, 2017, 2018 at any given point in time could be moving up. Our point is that you don't see any big dip downward in polyethylene operating rates coming in front of us. And even we, right now, have been running well above those operating rates for a considerable period of time to generate the kind of volume growth that we've been generating. I could, in fact, use two new trains coming up in Sadara to feed the commercial organization because they're screaming for more product.
Ryan Berney: Great. That's helpful. And then second...
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Don Carson, Susquehanna Financial Group.
Emily Wagner: Good morning. This is Emily Wagner on for Don. I was wondering if you could just talk about the organic growth outlook for Dow Corning businesses in the second half excluding synergies.
Andrew N. Liveris: Go ahead, Howard.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Yeah. The  thanks. Good morning. So Dow Corning in the first quarter, the Silicones business had 8% volume growth versus same quarter a year ago. I would expect that to moderate a little bit, but certainly it historically has been around one to two times GEP (52:57) so if you want to take 1.5 times global GEP (53:00) that's probably a good proxy from a modeling guidance standpoint.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Arun Viswanathan, RBC Capital Markets.
Arun Viswanathan: Great. Good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in. Just had a question to go back on Plastics. If we take out the $100 million that you called out on Argentina, is that appropriate? And does that mean that given the recent price increases in polyethylene, that your Q2 results would be significantly above what you did in Q1? Thanks.
Howard I. Ungerleider: You know, I don't know what kind of guidance to give you on Q2, but on pricing, we saw pricing take hold in April and we see it continuing through. We see demand continuing to be strong. Obviously, all the downstream markets' demand is good. You're into a turnaround season where you have twice as much capacity offline this year as you did last year and you had fairly high operating rates for the industry. So I think all that bodes well going into Q2. Hard for me to give you an exact number on what the upside would be but you've got good underlying demand.
Operator: And at this time we have time for one further question. That'll come from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank.
David I. Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. Andrew and Jim, in terms of Europe, if Brent goes back to $50 or $60 what happens to its elevated level of European profitability in ethylene and polyethylene? Does it get pressured a little bit here at higher oil prices?
Andrew N. Liveris: Go ahead, Jim. Reference the industry and also our special way of handling that.
James R. Fitterling: Well, I think in general in the industry, we've seen some improvements in naphtha ethylene spreads which has been positive both for Europe as well as for Asia-Pacific and so those have held up. Obviously, Europe over the last several years has moved into a little bit of a different position, a little bit more balanced. You haven't seen much new cracker capacity come back. You've seen a little bit come back to support Shell. Obviously, Porto Marghera came back up to support Shell. The other thing is the shift towards LPG cracking on our side. We've shifted to a very high percent of LPG cracking and we continue to look at opportunities to make small incremental investments to expand that. And that flexibility has helped us out tremendously. So I don't see that's going to stop. So I think Europe has got a pretty good handle, the Dow in particular, but in general in the industry has got a pretty good handle on how it's adjusting itself to a changing world.
Operator: And at this time I'd like to turn the conference back over to Neal Sheorey for any closing remarks.
Neal Sheorey: All right, thank you. Andrew, before we close the call would you like to make any final comments?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yeah. I want to hit on five key points that we made throughout all the question-and-answer session as well as the script. We're off to a strong start to the year which is continuing the three-and-a-half-year streak of earnings growth, managing all sorts of environments. That's coming because we firstly have targeted growth and the portfolio is built for this environment. The diversification works. And frankly we're finding growth where growth is and we're seeing great numbers coming out of our various regions. Then use markets whether it be China here in the U.S. or even Europe. We're benefiting from strong margin management and a strong focus on ROC. And that's the next point I want to make. The U.S. and Chinese markets are strong markets and we have strong outlooks there. We can continue to grow margin in those markets under these environments because we do have the product mix and that last question on Europe means we have the feedstock flex to keep making margins in a recovering Europe. U.S., Europe and China being strong for us is something we've now seen for a while and it's continuing to build momentum. And then the two transactions. Both Howard and Jim outlined it, the questions we were asking on the transactions. We are moving towards these transactions becoming a reality and we're planning very strongly to execute the synergies and execute them and lean into them and execute them quickly. And execute them so in the case of the DowDuPont transaction we moved to spins as fast as we can, in the case of the Dow Corning transaction so that we integrate. Howard's numbers of $300 million of cost synergies and $100 million of growth, just to remind you is about 8% of revenue. We did double digit percentage of revenues on synergies on both Carbide and Rohm and Haas. So we have a strong record of executing the synergy targets that we will talk about. We'll have a lot more to say about DowDuPont and the specifics on that in ensuing calls as we build towards the S-4 registration and of course the shareholder meetings on both sides. Both Ed and I are very dedicated to delivering the three-in-one, $3 billion of cost, $1 billion of growth as a floor. So with that, Neal, I'll turn it back to you.
Neal Sheorey: Thank you, Andrew. And thank you, everyone, for your questions. As always, we appreciate your interest in the Dow Chemical Company. For your reference, a copy of our prepared remarks will be posted on Dow's website later today. This concludes our call for today. We look forward to speaking with you again soon.
Operator: And again that will conclude today's conference. We thank everyone for their participation.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-02 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Dow Chemical Company's Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Results Call. [Operator Instructions] Also today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Neal Sheorey, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Neal Sheorey: Thank you. Good morning and welcome. I'm Neal Sheorey, Vice President of Investor Relations. As usual, we are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of the Dow Chemical Company and any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's express written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Howard Ungerleider, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer. Jim Fitterling, President and Chief Operating Officer is in the room and will be available for Q&A. Jack Broodo, outgoing Vice President of Investor Relations and recently named President of Dow's Feedstocks and Energy business is also with us. Just before 7:00 AM this morning, February 02, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and was posted on the internet to dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are posted on our investor relations financial reporting page. You can also access the slides through the link to our webcast. Some of our comments today include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimates and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and on our website. Unless otherwise specified, all comparisons presented today will be on a year-over-year basis. Sales comparisons exclude divestitures and acquisitions. EBITDA, EBITDA margins, return on capital and earnings comparisons exclude certain items. Some of our comments may also contain statements about our announced agreement to complete our merger of equals with DuPont and the intention to subsequently spin into three independent publicly traded companies. In connection with this intended transaction, Dow and DuPont have filed and will file materials with the SEC that contain important information and we advise you to read them. These filings are available free of charge from the SEC or Dow or DuPont as applicable. The agenda for today's call is on slide five. I will now turn the call over to Howard.
Howard Ungerleider: Thank you Neal and welcome back to investor relations. Good morning everyone. Turning to slide six, our results this quarter and in 2015 reflected the benefits of our continued disciplined approach to execute on our priorities. Dow delivered its 13th consecutive quarter of operating EPS and EBITDA margin growth. Operating earnings per share increased 9% to $0.93 per share. Volume increased 4% which represents the ninth consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth. This includes 5% growth in our emerging regions led by greater China which was up 10%. Operating EBITDA was $2.4 billion. Excluding the impact of divestitures operating EBITDA rose more than $100 million versus the same quarter last year. Operating EBITDA margins expanded across all segments to 20.9%, the highest quarterly results since the first quarter of 2005. During the quarter we also returned $2.7 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases with the closing of our Dow Chlorine Products transaction serving as a significant driver of improvement to capital. We've included a full look back on the greater than $4.8 billion in consideration for the transaction in the appendix. And finally, at the very end of December Dow received $1.5 billion in pretax proceeds through the sale of its direct ownership interest in MEGlobal to EQUATE. Moving to our full year results, Dow reported operating EPS of $3.47 a share a 12% increase year-over-year. We achieved operating EBITDA of $9.6 billion a new high. Operating EBITDA margins expanded more than 360 basis points to 19.7% representing the highest level in more than a decade with gains reported in all operating segments reflecting our continued discipline and price volume management. Operating return on capital increased to 12.1%. Marking three consecutive years of expansion we delivered $7.5 billion of cash flow from operations in a year, $1 billion dollar increase compared to last year and on an operating basis this represents our third consecutive year of record cash flow from operations. We also continue to return significant cash to our shareholders. In 2015 we returned $4.6 billion through paid dividends and share repurchases and we recently announced another increase to our quarterly dividend to a new historic high. Additionally, during the year we announced a series of portfolio management milestones which brought our total pretax value from portfolio actions since 2013 to more than $13.5 billion dollars coming in well ahead of both our committed target and timeline. Moving on to our dashboard of key financial performance metrics on slide seven, these highlights reflect our consistent track record of delivering earnings growth, margin expansion and strong cash flow. As a reminder, our financial priorities include delivering 3% above the cost of capital, driving 10% EPS growth over the long term, maintaining a capital structure that provides financial flexibility and continuing to increasing reward our owners. And as you see here, we've made significant progress against each one. In the fourth quarter we reduced our net debt-to-cap to 24.8% from 37.3% in the year ago period and well below our ten-year average of 35.9%. Net debt-to-operating-EBITDA declined to 0.9x versus 1.5x in the same quarter last year and year-over-year total cash and cash equivalents have increased by $2.9 billion. Further, we returned $2.7 billion to shareholders through paid dividends and share repurchases with $1.5 billion related to the equity redemption from the Dow Chlorine Products transaction and an additional 700 million of stock buybacks in the quarter. We exited the year with operating return on capital of 12.1% an increase of 130 basis points versus the prior year. Now let's turn to our segment results starting on slide nine. Ag Sciences reported sales of $1.6 billion in the fourth quarter down from $1.9 billion in the year ago period, impacted by continued lower crop commodity prices, high channel inventories and ongoing currency headwinds. Operating EBITDA for the segment was essentially flat year-over-year and headwinds from pricing in the divestiture of AgroFresh were offset by the sale of nonstrategic product lines and disciplined productivity actions we drove throughout 2015. Here, we were among the first movers in the industry to take swift action and reduce our cost structure in response to market headwinds. During the year, sales of our new crop protection products grew 6% and we gained corn market share in the Americas. Looking ahead to 2016, soft commodity prices are expected to continue with the overall market projected to be down 3% to 5%. In this environment we're focused on continuing to differentiate ourselves with new products as well as continued self-help actions to deliver performance that continues to outpace that of our competitors. Consumer Solutions on slide 10 achieved an all-time quarterly operating EBITDA record of $296 million. This reflects continued demand in the automotive and semiconductor sectors. Collectively the businesses in the segment drove cost reductions in line with productivity initiatives and realized margin expansion from demand for innovative customer focused solutions. Dow Automotive Systems had another strong quarter led by demand for our science and engineering capabilities that improved fuel efficiency, safety and acoustic performance. In this business we're leveraging our technology capabilities to outpace the industry. For example, in North America we continue to make solid progress with electric vehicle manufacturers where our content per vehicle averages three times that of non-electric vehicles. In Consumer Care volume gains in Asia and EMEAI more than offset a transition in the Americans from powder-based detergent solutions to capsules. We also saw double-digit volume growth in target pharmaceutical and personal care markets and took action to respond to the weaker industrial markets by closing a less competitive CELLOSIZETM facility in West Virginia. Dow Electronic Materials expanded EBITDA once again as semiconductor and growth technologies grew faster than the industry driven by our technology differentiation that lowered the cost of ownership for advanced nodes. Looking ahead we see margin improving in our display business driven by our core knowledge and our strength in LED backlight films. Turning to slide 11, Infrastructure Solutions reported fourth quarter sales of $1.7 billion down from the year ago period as volume gains in nearly all businesses were more than offset by price pressures from lower raw material costs and currency headwinds. Dow Building and Construction drove margin expansion through strength in construction chemical markets and our FR-63 licensing efforts. Dow Coating Materials grew volume led by industrial coatings. Looking ahead we expect growth in our coatings business to outpace the market due to the commercial launch of five new vinyl acrylic binders. Performance Monomers remains in an ongoing global trough and we are taking several actions, shutting down 20% of our Deer Park acrylate capacity to reduce our merchant exposure, optimizing our turnaround and structural cost and continuing to explore co-producer supply agreements. In Energy & Water Solutions, our industry-leading reverse osmosis business saw double-digit growth driven by strong demand. During the quarter our new RO membrane plant in Saudi Arabia also came online and will serve the growing need for water in the Middle East. Based on the market penetration and customer acceptance of our product we expect to reach capacity on this asset very quickly. Turning to Performance Materials & Chemicals, fourth quarter sales were down on a year-over-year basis driven primarily by the impact of the split off of Dow Chlorine Products and other divestitures as well as significant price and currency headwinds. Industrial Solutions reported a volume decline as growth in ethylene glycol sales was more than offset by weakness in the energy sector along with a change in long-term supply arrangement. Our price volume management kept EBITDA flat in our core business, but that was offset by weakness in energy MEG pricing as well as increased dollar expenses as the site continues to progress startup of the new production units which drove down equity earnings. We reported another strong quarter in polyurethanes as a result of self-help measures and a shift to a more specialized systems how sales approach, which achieved double-digit sales growth. Additionally, our new polyols facility in Thailand drove share gains and double-digit volume increases in Asia. Moving to slide 13, our Performance Plastics segment delivered a fourth quarter operating EBITDA record of $1.3 billion driven by steady demand in all businesses and margin expansion in most geographic areas. Dow Packaging and Specialty Plastics sold a quarterly record polyethylene volume led primarily by double-digit gains in Asia and strong demand for Dow's innovative packaging solutions. In early December the first polyethylene units began production at our Sadara joint venture and first shipments have already been received by our customers. Dow Elastomers reported double-digit growth in North America on continued customer demand for Dow products in the transportation and infrastructure sectors. Our INFUSE elastomers which are sold into higher-end footwear saw strong volumes in the quarter. Additionally, an increase in consumer preference for SUVs resulted in higher per vehicle elastomer demand. Dow Electrical and Telecommunications saw double-digit operating EBITDA growth as well. This quarter's business performance continues to be underpinned by ongoing progress in our integration and feedstock flexibility. For example, Dow Europe produced almost half of its ethylene in 2015 from LPG and we increased our European LPG cracking capability to over 60%. Some additional details on this topic are also in the appendix. Turning to slide 14 let me briefly cover our modeling guidance for the quarter and for 2016. On a year-over-year basis in 2016 we will have earnings catalysts from a full year of PDH impact and we have two positive drivers that will contribute to the back half of the year, the Dow Corning transaction and our enhancements to ethane cracking capabilities in Louisiana. In the spirit of continuous improvement we will make further progress on our productivity initiatives to build on the $345 million of savings we delivered in 2015 by targeting an additional and incremental $300 million in 2016. We also see pension expense providing an approximately $250 million tailwind as well. We do see several headwinds, mainly continued pressure from currency, loss of earnings due to divestitures and soft Ag fundamentals from continued lower crop prices and higher channel inventories. Specifically in the first quarter we see demand fundamentals that continue to favor volume expansion in our targeted sectors. This will be tempered by higher turnaround activity on a sequential basis as well as lost earnings from our recent portfolio management actions. Finally, we will continue to drive our $5 billion share repurchase program forward. We expect to deliver $2 billion of share repurchase as of this year as our purchasing window likely opens up following the shareholder vote for the Dow-DuPont transaction. With that, I'll turn it over to Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Howard. If you look at slide 16, you'll see that 2015 in every regard was a transformative year for Dow. We delivered record results amid some ever challenging macroenvironment with 13 consecutive quarters of earnings growth and margin expansion. In addition to the financial highlights that Howard we made further progress on our productivity goals through harmonizing our work processes, streamlining functional business support and optimizing our asset footprint. We committed to achieve $300 million in 2015 and in fact we have delivered on this goal with $345 million realized. We completed the first full year operating on Dow's new one instance IT platform. This world-class system represented the single largest implementation of SAP and that is already delivering significant streamlining benefits while also enabling sharper business and geographic insights. We're delivering on our significant growth project milestones, celebrating first polyethylene product shipped from our Sadara joint venture and starting up the worlds largest on purpose propylene facility which is making smooth and steady progress towards full rates. And importantly, in a year with these significant operational projects coming online we delivered our best ever EH&S performance. And last, but certainly not least, 2015 was a truly transformative year on the strategic front. We drove major actions on our joint ventures with the sale of our direct ownership into MEGlobal to EQUATE, the step acquisition of Univation Technologies, and the announced restructuring of the ownership of Dow Corning Silicones business. We split up Dow Chlorine Products and released further value through our transactions of the AgroFresh, Sodium Borohydride and ANGUS businesses. And of course in December we announced the signing of a historic transaction with DuPont and we intend to crease three focused industry leaders in agriculture, material science and specialty products releasing tremendous value for our owners. I will have more to say about our progress here in just a moment If you turn to slide 17, in summary 2015 represents the culmination of actions we have taken over a three-year period to increase cash flow generation, drive self-help measures, enhance the quality of our portfolio, capture growth for the future and increasingly reward our shareholders. 2015 will go down as the most significant year Dow's storied [ph] history and quarter for the exclamation mark on the year. This direction was set by the thorough review of the Dow Board and the Executive Team launched in 2013 to identify clear actions to unlock additional value for our shareholders. As part of their review we set very focused goals including to grow EPS by 10% per year over the long-term, to enhance our traditional EVA focus, to continue to reduce our debt and to go narrower and deeper in key end markets and divest non-core businesses including Dow's exiting chlorine our original foundational product, all with a relentless focus on shareholder value creation and long-term growth. We have made significant progress against the strategic roadmap and these actions have delivered impressive financial results and returns to our owners over that that three-year period including $22 billion in cash flow from operations, ROC improvement of 450 basis points from 7.6% to 12.1%, more than $8 billion reduction in net debt and most importantly $12 billion distributed through share repurchases and paid dividends. Turning to slide 18, these results are also underpinned by our intense focus on driving an EVA culture and performance using our best on our mindset as our key lens and taking actions on multiple fronts, lowering our working capital and asset base through our multiyear productivity actions, most recently our Dow 10.0 streamlining program and our aforementioned world-class IT capabilities, driving synergies through our corporate base further leveraging our functional expertise across the enterprise to increase sales, optimizing purchasing and driving a lean corporate center and regional hubs, capturing growth where growth exists by cross-selling opportunities, maximizing our operating leverage and improving our sales mix. As a result, over these past three years, our EVA improvement has been significant placing us in the 95th percentile relative to our peers. Turning to slide 19, to keep this momentum going and build on the performance and portfolio actions of the past three years we've put in place clear earnings growth drivers that are delivering now and will ramp up in the near future. Our multiyear productivity push is already delivering bottom-line results. Our mantra is one of continuous improvement. We did it in 2015 and we will continue with that same mindset into this year making even more progress towards our goal of $1 billion in savings over three years with 2017 being year three. We're pleased we exceeded our $300 million productivity target with a $345 million of savings we delivered in 2015 and 2016 we have targeted to save an additional and incremental greater than $300 million. In fact, we're increasing our headcount reduction target as part of this program by proximately 500 roles bringing the total program headcount reduction to 2200 roles that will be eliminated. Thus far we have reduced just over 1200 roles. Our strategic investments including our U.S. Gulf Coast and Sadara projects will significantly enhance our go forward earnings profile. These projects are based on strong underlying fundamentals. They deliver bottom line benefits in all scenarios because of their low-cost position and value-add products. We are pleased with the start-up of these good facilities and we expect several additional units to come online both on the U.S. Gulf Coast and in Saudi Arabia in 2016. Another earnings driver comes from our restructuring on the ownership of Dow Corning which we expect to close in the middle of this year. This transaction is expected to yield more than $1 billion in additional annual EBITDA at full run rate synergies. Just all these drivers alone approach $4 billion of EBITDA contribution on a run rate basis. And of course, it is important to remember that we have additional levers in place that will benefit our portfolio depending how market forces develop through the year. From a cash flow and future earnings potential view, these drivers are indeed powerful, a real booster and our growth profile, expand the potential to serve our customers and release significant value for our shareholders. I will now review our 2016 market outlook and priorities for the year. So turning to slide 21, we will continued to see growth in the three key markets in which our materials businesses compete; packaging, transportation and construction, all consumer driven and innovation based. These three markets have carried the strength that we saw at the end of 2015 into the first month of 2016. The global economy continues to be volatile and we see that trend persisting for the near term. However, we also see strong demand from consumers in the U.S. as well is in China and that plays well through our consumer driven portfolio, technologies and narrow and deeper market focus. From a macro perspective we are in and expect to continue to be in all the supplied energy and agricultural markets. We see low energy prices being a net benefit to the consumer. We do not sell energy. What we produce and sell continues to see tight and tightening supply/demand dynamics. Our differentiated solutions allow us to drive demand and capture value. And turning to the geographies North America is expected to remain strong. Demand in Europe will continue to improve and Latin America will have mixed returns across the region. We also expect continued growth in China, driven by demand for our consumer targeted solutions. And finally, in this volatile macro environment, expect us to control what we can control, expect us to improve our productivity, expect us to control cost and expect us to deliver the growth projects we have in place. Turning to slide 22 and looking ahead, 2016 is primed to be another big year for Dow and our teams are squarely aligned around three clear priorities. Priority one, deliver our 2016 plan despite these volatile macro conditions. Here you can expect us to continue controlling the things we can control, driving our productivity initiatives, realizing the benefits of our commercialized innovation and executing ongoing price volume discipline. We will continue to reduce costs and expand margins Two, close the Dow Corning transaction by midyear and deliver the related synergies and three, move swiftly through the key stage gates of the Dow-DuPont transaction. Close MergeCo, realize synergies on accelerated basis and prep the intended spins. The make-up of the teams and the timeline for the transaction is available is more detail in the appendix. These are the same slides DuPont provided during their earnings call last week. I reiterate Eds comments that he made during the call. We are working on an accelerated timeframe to close the merger and deliver the synergies and the intended spins. The synergy estimates of $3 billion cost and $1 billion growth are indeed a floor not a ceiling. In sum you should expect in 2016 the same resolute focus our Dow team has demonstrated over these past several years. And speaking about our Dow team, we also announced this morning that Jim Fitterling has been appointed to the position of President and Chief Operating Officer of Dow. Since the announced merger with DuPont, Jim has been and will continue to work closely alongside me in running Dow's operations. He will play a key role in supporting me to drive the successful completion of the merger and unleashing the full value of the three intended subsequent independent companies. His appointment is extremely well deserved and a reflection of his abilities and a commitment to our company of his 30-plus year career. Now we anticipate that the entire process to close the merger and set the companies up to be spun will take about a year and a half or two. I look forward to working with Jim and also with Howard Ungerleider in the office of the CEO over that time period to bring that entire process to a successful conclusion and enable a successful leadership handover to coordinate with my own planned transition out of the company which will occur when we have set up to be a spun off but no later than the end of Q2, 2017. We will continue to drive our strategic agenda and the transformational steps we are undertaking. We will deliver further productivity gains and cost reductions. We will innovate and add value for our customers and we will drive and enhance returns for our shareholders and we will deliver this exciting new phase of growth manifested in the creation of Dow-DuPont and its three destination companies. And with that Neal, lets turn to Q&A.
Neal Sheorey: Thank you, Andrew. Now we will move onto your questions. First, however, I would like to remind you that my comments regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both, our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Levi would you please explain the Q&A procedure?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And well take our first question from Frank Mitsch with Wells Fargo Securities.
Frank Mitsch: Congratulations to go around, of course Mr. Fitterling, congrats Mr. Broodo, congrats Neal, I dont think I should congratulate you because IR in this day and age is kind of a thankless position [ph], but welcome back into the role. Hey Andrew, obviously
Andrew Liveris: Nothing for Howard?
Frank Mitsch: And of course Howard, congratulations on you being you.
Howard Ungerleider: Okay, good.
Frank Mitsch: Andrew obviously very impressive results, volumes really jumping off the page here and especially in Asia and China, can you expand upon that and I know that your commentary was rather upbeat on China as well, what exactly is going on for you guys there?
Andrew Liveris: Well look Ill give you  thank you Frank for the, all kinds of congratulations commentary. I think this is an exciting time at Dow and the question youre asking is an indicator of it. Weve positioned our product mix now for about a decade to be technology driven waiting for China to move to quality products, not quantity products. So rather than selling commodities and they reprocessing them for exports which is the China engine of yester year, the China engine of today and tomorrow suits our product profile, but weve been working a decade to put in place the Shanghai R&D center that you visited is a good example of that. So we have the right products for Chinas current needs. Jim, did you want to add anything?
James Fitterling: I would say in plastics obviously the higher end of the market for food packaging, what were doing in polyurethanes was structures going into automotive and appliances has been big. Electronic materials, weve seen a shift to more production into China, so that benefited us as well. And we continue to focus on all of our value added products moving into the market. So double-digit growth in China and even though automotive is a little bit slower in China, we are still very, very strong in automotive. Our elastomers business as well as our automotive bonding business has been quite exceptional.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Thank you, good morning.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning.
David Begleiter: Andrew, Howard and Jim lots of moving parts for 2016, can you grow EBITDA in 2016?
Andrew Liveris: Howard?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes David, good morning. I mean, you know we dont give earnings guidance. What we try to do with the modeling guidance is talk you through some of the moving parts. I mean we certainly have the potential to grow our EBITDA, when you look at all the tailwinds whether its the volume growth that we expect to continue, whether its the productivity self-help which is another $300 million on top of the $345 million that we delivered. Lower pension expense between $200 million and $300 million, but I would just caution you to look at all the headwinds as well. Weve got some headwinds, but clearly PDH is well coming on as a tailwind and Sadara will be a tailwind in Performance Plastics, but it will be a headwind in Performance Materials and Chemicals through the year as both units in PMC continue to get closer to startup in 2016.
Operator: And well take our next question from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Hi, good morning.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Hi, in your previous corporate filings, you said that your Texas nine cracker would come on in the first half of 2017 and suddenly the chatter in Houston is that that cracker is running a year late in coming on-stream, is it still on schedule or is it running late?
Andrew Liveris: Jeff, Ill give it to Jim to answer.
James Fitterling: Jeff that cracker is on schedule to start up in the second quarter of 2017 and when you take a look at the progress that weve made vis--vis the other competitors or we call it the first wave of production, its right on time.
Operator: And well go to our next question from Hassan Ahmed with Alembic Global.
Hassan Ahmed: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning.
Hassan Ahmed: I just wanted to sort of follow on from the earlier question, you guys are saying that your crackers on stream coming online on time and the like, if I take a look at the 15 or so cracker announcements that have happened in the U.S. it seems that only three have started construction right? But yet there seems to be this perception that there is going to be this flood of capacity coming on stream in 2017. Could you broadly give us your view of supply/demand and more specifically of what we should expect ex-Dow in terms of cracker delays?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, Ill get Jim to handle that one as well, Hassan.
James Fitterling: Yes, Hassan what I would say, we have said since the beginning of this and our long-term experience in the ethylene business is this, half of whats announced is in play and half of that might come on, on the timeframe that was committed to. So when you look at whats in the first wave today, the things that we know, we know that Braskem [ph] has started up experiencing a few problems but have started up. Youve got three big players ourselves, CPChem and Exxon that are coming in a small cracker with OxyChem. That is our view as of the first wave of capacity thats coming on. That is quite a bit I had of anybody else and those were the first ones out of the ground and are going to continue to be the ones you see in the first wave. When the second wave comes is anybodys guess at this point. Some people are saying 2018, I think it might even slide into 2019 or 2020 and given the financial conditions there and given things are going on with construction labor, I think that would be a realistic expectation. I dont expect a tidal wave of new capacity coming on. Were well positioned as a first mover in this and in fact I think were going to be up before the rest.
Operator: And well go to our next question from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Thanks and good morning everyone. Just wondering if you can give us an update on the list approval from China and Im also kind of wondering whether you think the delay has anything to do with ChemChinas interest in acquiring Western assets?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, just the back end of that, look there is no question China has been very much after GMO technology for a long time, Vincent and its not surprising that ChemChina is interested in Syngenta. That is a long held rumor and if indeed the announcement this morning that they are close, there is no shocker there. I dont think its a correlation, but go ahead Howard on the investor group [ph].
Howard Ungerleider: No, I dont really have anything new there. I mean were continuing to try to work with the Chinese Authorities and the Ministry of Agriculture. We are giving them as much technical information as theyre asking for and were very confident in the chemistry and the efficacy for the farming value chain.
Andrew Liveris: Operator, do we have another question?
Operator: Yes, well go next to Steve Byrne with Bank of America.
Steve Byrne: Yes, thank you. How much of that double-digit volume growth in Performance Plastics was a reflection of perhaps inventory destocking in the year ago quarter when you had falling oil or conversely did you have more inventory destocking in the fourth quarter with another leg down of oil, just curious about your outlook for operating rates in these next couple of quarters?
Andrew Liveris: Hi Steve thanks for the question. I dont think there was any massive destocking that happened in the quarter. We saw strong demand through the quarter and we saw a strong December. We moved product in almost every region of the country. I'd say a little bit soft maybe in Latin America for the fourth quarter and we see January is starting at a solid pace. So I dont think its a destocking. On our own particular situation we ended up with record low inventories at the end of the year, but last December was also a strong December.
Operator: And well go next to Peter Butler with Glen Hill Investments.
Peter Butler: Yes, good morning, good morning.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning.
Peter Butler: Wall Street analysts are again talking backend loaded year, loaded years for their favorite economy sensitive stocks and wondering how much visibility does Dow have, that you have on the second half in next year, how much confidence do you have in your internal projections?
Andrew Liveris: Well lets start with the market side of that question and then well get to our own Peter. Look I think every industrial company, every company out there up is not giving any sort of firmness on any of these years in front of us, thats not new news. I think 2016, 2017 even with an election year here in front of us in the United States the macros are very difficult to predict. What we are seeing though is very strong trend lines which we said in our call, which I think gives us strong views towards our ability to grow earnings, is this notion that the consumer is active in the United States and the consumer is becoming increasingly active in China and then actually this is the beginnings of good spending in Europe. We do believe low energy price, low oil prices are seeping into the economy and thats creating a stimulus that actually is of the right kind and I think if that stimulus continues to be what it is short of major tectonic events geopolitically, I think the confidence in the real economy will emerge continually from the consumer. And frankly that is what were seeing in our results, we're seeing it in our product mix which we've been working hard to position to be B2B to C and I think when Jim talked about packaging and plastics and I could say the same about anything, elastomers, our water business, our automotive business. Were seeing strong demand in construction chemicals in Western Europe. I think it takes away this notion of back loading. It takes this notion of 13 quarters in a row continuing that trend and that then speaks to the other side of it. Most of our scenario plan this  does these days, we dont actually say this is the condition. It's going to be 2.5% GDP and then got from there, none of us do that. We bracket it and then we pivot self-help appropriately and if we have to go down further in cost based on productivity actions because markets dont manifest themselves, we take out more costs and having an IT platform that is leveraged, we can do that pretty quick. We can move the cost structure with demand and price volume managed and thats what you've seen from us. So look, I think we have confidence in our machine continuing to deliver and generate the stats.
Operator: And well go next to Aleksey Yefremov with Nomura Securities
Aleksey Yefremov: Good morning. Thank you. I was wondering if you could elaborate on Dow Corning's performance and the outlook for silicones and poly silicon business given that you are about to buyout your partner there?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, sure Aleksey good morning. Overall when you look at our equity earnings for Dow Corning in the quarter on a reported basis they are actually up year-on-year. If you strip out some of the certain items there was a one-time gain that they had in the fourth quarter of last year they didnt recur and then there was some lumpiness in polycrystalline silicon side of the house. But the silicons platform has historically grown at 1.5 to 2 times GDP. They are in attractive, high growth markets that are clearly aligned with the markets that we have said we want to go narrower and deeper in, whether thats construction, whether thats automotive, whether thats packaging, home and personal care or even electronics. And so, we're very excited about the silicones platform and the intent with the transaction on the poly silicon side is to have no economic change in ownership. That will remain a JV between Dow, Corning and Shin-Etsu.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our next question from Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital markets.
Arun Viswanathan: Good morning. Thank you.
Andrew Liveris: Thanks.
Arun Viswanathan: I had a couple questions, I guess, I could ask them as one question. It looks like you guys really hit an inflection point on volume growth in many of your businesses, should we expect that to continue? And similarly on the margin side, you've now had a level, new level of margin, so just to Andrews point that you are able to adjust the cost structure going forward is all of this kind of Dow specific or dependent on the market or again are we going to expect that these levels should continue on the volume and margin side? Thank you.
Andrew Liveris: Jim, you'd like to take that?
James Fitterling: Yes, Id say Arun, the team has been very, very focused and aligned in all of the businesses and I think you are starting to see that come through in the consecutive quarters of results. If I went through every one of these segments, the teams knows what markets we're going after. They are well armed with new innovative products from our pipeline that are helping them to pick up market share and so its not just moving products with the commodity part of the cycle. They are very targeted on which geographies we want to grow in. If we had started the quarter we would have thought may be fourth quarter would have been more dominated by emerging markets and more by developed market instead of emerging markets and what weve saw - was we saw a strong performance in both. And so, I think what youre seeing here is the culmination of just a lot of intense focus since about the middle of 2012 around our top line growth and when you think top line growth for us you should really focus on the volume right now because whats happened with the oil prices is the thing that shows through in revenue, oil price and currency. What do you see on volume is sustainable.
Operator: Well take our next question from Don Carson with Susquehanna Financial.
Don Carson: I just have a couple of questions on Ag what was the underlying performance in Ag? You talked about an asset sale and I know you had an asset sale last year and with the headwinds in South America and 3% to 4% declines, can you grow EBITDA in Ag next year with the cost cuts that you are making.
Andrew Liveris: Howard?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes Don, good morning. So the first question on the operating, underlying operating earnings, so look on average the Ag or Ag business Dow Agro sciences sells between 3 and 5 molecules a year on the crop protection side of the house. This is in line with the strategic intent where if we see products that are on the tail end of their lifecycle we can add significant value from our science and technology platform. So we did sell a couple of molecules in the fourth quarter. They were in the range of $50 million to $75 million of EBITDA contribution, so you need to back that out of the segment, but otherwise that was real productivity that really drove that. You remember we were one of the first if not the first Ag player to do a restructuring and that was part of our announcement earlier in 2015. To your question of whether we can grow EBITDA in 2016 thats going to be a very tough slog on an operating basis even with productivity considering that, high channel inventories, low crop prices and just lower overall demand. Remember were forecasting when we see the market to decline between 3% and 5%. So its going to be tough. Our focus is to continue to deliver the innovations, they'll continued to deliver the growth on the crop protection side and the new products on the seed side and continue to drive productivity to outpace the competition and thats our focus.
Operator: And well go to our next question from Jonas Oxgaard with Bernstein.
Jonas Oxgaard: Good morning guys.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning.
Jonas Oxgaard: Good morning. I was also curious about that volume in Performance Plastics because which your cost position I kind of assume that you guys will be selling full out regardless of end market demand so, could you talk to me a little bit through where that volume is coming from, you talk about reliability improvements on end market demand. Im assuming someone most also be selling ethylene to Olin, now that are a separate company?
Andrew Liveris: I think, - its a good question I think I you look at our Performance Plastics segment, you also have to bear in mind that we have capacities that are coming there on the elastomers business which is a high value, high margin business which has much more resilience in pricing and also a lot of targeted towards automotive and other consumer goods and high end manufacturing. When you look at plastics business per se, a very large part of it is predominately food and specialty packaging and that business has continued to grow strong around the world. Obviously, we have some plastics to go into the commodity segments and they continue to be strong as well. Youll see a little bit of sales that are going into ethylene to the Olin deal, but that isnt going to be material to the numbers that are in front of you. And the other thing you see on the revenue line is revenue looks down pretty dramatically, but when you peel back the byproduct sales of the crackers which are hydrocarbon and energy type of byproducts that have moved with oil more and on a one-to-one relationship, plastics has held up really well based on volume demand in the end markets and we think that thats going to continue.
Operator: And well take our next question from James Sheehan with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
James Sheehan: Thanks, could you talk about the impacts that you see on polyethylene prices for new capacity coming on in 2016?
Andrew Liveris: Hi, Jim. Yes, so as I said we ended 2015 with record low inventories and very, very strong sales, record production out of our manufacturing assets and product continuing to shift to higher volumes. In 2016 most of the new capacity thats talked about is scheduled to come on at the end of 2016 and our view is a lot of thats going to slide may be into the next year. Also bear in mind that you have a big turnaround season in the Q2 here in the Gulf Coast which we think will have an impact and we have Sadara coming up in the first quarter. So I think net-net, were poised to take advantage of that situation and when the new capacity does come in, in the second half we think the market will be geared to absorb it at a 2.5% GDP rate supply and demand is imbalanced for 2016.
Operator: And well go to our next question from Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire: Hey good morning, its Brian Maguire on for Bob.
Andrew Liveris: Hi Brian.
Brian Maguire: Its been a while since I got I guess an update on the earnings contribution from Sadara. Im just wondering with all the changes in feedstocks and product prices and global supply/demand balances if you care to make a guess of what the ultimate earnings contribution from Sadara will be and what you would kind of expect to get to that point?
Andrew Liveris: Howard?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, hey Brian. Good morning. So I mean, I mentioned earlier I think in the Q&A that when you look at 2016 specifically on the Performance Plastics side, youre looking at 50 plus or minus million dollar tailwind because those assets have already started. So we got first product out in December. The mixed feed cracker is going to be coming up and another couple of polyethylene units throughout 2016. But in PMC, performance materials and chemicals, youre looking at about $100 million, $200 million headwind because theyre in the really steep part of the S-curve as their assets are being built and finalized in 2016, weve got some capacity for PMC not coming on until really the back half of the year. We still have a view that our long-term average is $500 million split between equity earnings and the commission structure that were going to get as we are marketing the product for Sadara outside of the Middle East zone. That is a long-term average and that is after the whole complex has started up. So that would start to hit those numbers in the post 2018, 2019 timeframe. We still feel really good about the project overall.
Operator: And our next question comes from Christopher Parkinson with Credit Suisse.
Christopher Parkinson: Perfect, thank you very much. In credit it is still in the early stages, but on a preliminary basis what do you believe your largest long-term opportunities are for your Ag business post merging with Pioneer is it more product focused within either chemicals or seed or are there more themes within our specific geographies? And also have you heard any preliminary feedback from your R&D team and/or field associates which you particularly find interesting or incremental from your original analysis?
Andrew Liveris: Thank you for that great question. All I can say Chris is that the last several weeks of team discussions have just amplified and magnified the original pre-announcement of the merger work that was done by the teams. We had over 4000 man hours of combination work and the Ag teams, the two Ag teams were on fire in terms of complementarity. I mean the absolute hand in glove combination of what we have now seen Jim and Howard and I have done trip out to the [indiscernible] Johnson and seeing the Pioneer capability up close and personnel, its first class. It has incredible technology not just of course in traits delivery mechanisms but it is automated, it is technology rich, its got capabilities on the climatic side. And what the Dow Chemistry brings and the Dow traits bring, especially the combination of traits. So we can bring on herbicides and insecticides it is winning hand. As you know we are the next series of traits coming out in the marketplace. So everyone has always said that this is the greatest combination you could put in the sector and everything weve seen since the announcement and the work weve done has just doubled down and tripled down. We cannot be more excited and Indianapolis and there are signs we were down there and the people they were excited because the property has always been a property we talked about in terms of where its destination might be. It is no secret that Dow never saw itself as the natural owner long-term, but the combination waiting for it to come the way it did was a winning hand and so we will have a lot more to say. You know stemming our holes in the repertoire that well have to address. But I cant wait till the merger occurs and this company is set up for them to identify how theyre going to grow with this complementarity.
Operator: And we have time for one more question, that question will come from PJ Juvekar with Citi.
PJ Juvekar: Thank you and good morning. Andrew, in your price declines of 19% overall, how much was FX and how much was local price declines? And then across your product chains where are you seeing some most price declines and where do you think you have pricing power? Thank you.
Andrew Liveris: Ill let Jim take that PJ.
James Fitterling: Yes PJ, good question. In the fourth quarter specifically, you know we had a gain over hydrocarbons and energy costs of about $240 million and then we had some currency headwinds which were the local price declines that you talked about, but net we were up $65 million in the quarter and for the year we had gains of $1.1 billion and net out about $800 million of currency or $300 million of margin expansion. So I hope that gives you a rough idea. Howard?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, PJ just to give you some specific data, at the enterprise level local price versus the same quarter last year was down 14%. If you look at that on an EBITDA or an EPS impact it was between, well it was $0.11 roughly on the EPS line and just north of $160 million on the EBITDA line versus same quarter last year in terms of impact on currency.
Operator: And that concludes today's question-and-answer session. Mr. Sheorey, at this time I will turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Neal Sheorey: Thanks Levi. Andrew, before we close the call would you like to make any final comments?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, I think I said it in my opening script, I can't be proud of the Dow team, 2015 was the year that we pivoted to our future. We've demonstrated 13 quarters in a row 9 quarters of earnings beat. We had revenue beat in the quarter. It was an exclamation mark. That's the result Howard and Jim and I working hand in glove with our team. Our business leaders have put in place the enterprise of the future. Yet, if you look at the transformative deals that we put in place for that future, whether it be the Kuwait pivot, whether it be the Chlorine close, whether it be the AgroFresh sale, whether it be of course the Dow Corning restructuring and ultimately the Dow-DuPont merger that created history, great companies, you can't put a quarter like that together or a year like that together unless you have a gun team aligned to shareholder value focused on margins, focused on cost, focused on productivity and growing that top line based on quality share. I'm very proud of Jim and Howard working closely with me. Jim congratulations on your next step here. Howard and Jim and I are very committed to keep delivering for you as shareholders. Just keep watching this space. Our headlines will only be about performance and we can't wait till we get to the merger and then the three spins that we will create. Thank you, Neal.
Neal Sheorey: Thank you, Andrew and thank you everyone for your questions. As always we appreciate your interest in the Dow Chemical Company. For your reference a copy of our prepared remarks will be posted on Dow's website later today. This concludes our call for today. We look forward to speaking with you again soon. Thank you.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-22 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Dow Chemical Company's third quarter 2015 earnings results conference call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jack Broodo. Please go ahead, sir.
Jack Broodo: Good morning and welcome. I'm Jack Broodo, Vice President of Investor Relations. As usual, we are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of the Dow Chemical Company; any redistribution, retransmission or reforecast of this call in any form without Dow's express written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Howard Ungerleider, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer. Around 7:00 AM this morning, October 22, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and was posted on the internet on dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are posted on our website and through the link to our webcast. Some of our comments today include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimates and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and on our website. Unless otherwise specified, all comparisons presented today will be on a year-over-year basis. Sales comparisons exclude divestitures and acquisitions, EBITDA, EBITDA margins, return on capital and earnings comparisons exclude certain items. The agenda for today's call is on Slide 3. I will now turn the call over to Howard.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, Jack, and good morning, everyone. Turning to Slide 4, our results this quarter demonstrate once again the value of Dow's integrated structurally hedged portfolio, our focus on execution and the strong financial position the company has built. Operating EPS rose to $0.82, an increase of 14% year-over-year. Operating EBITDA rose to $2.4 billion versus the same quarter last year on continued demand growth, margin expansion and self-help actions. Volume grew in nearly all geographic areas, reflecting stable underlying demand for Dow's innovative solutions. And operating EBITDA margins expanded nearly all operating segments, reaching 20%, up 370 basis points year-over-year, the highest quarterly result since 2005. Our disciplined approach to price volume management enabled us to deliver these results even in the midst of ongoing and significant topline headwinds, with year-over-year price declines in oil of 50% and currency headwinds of 17% for the euro and 51% for the Brazilian real. The consistent earnings growth, margin expansion and strong cash flow results we delivered in Q3 continue the steady drumbeat over the last 12 quarters, and underpin our ability to return increasing value to our owners, as illustrated on Slide 5. As we have covered in past quarters, we benchmark our quarterly results against our key financial goals that provide a clear view on our performance. Quarterly EPS has grown at a 21% CAGR over the last three years on an operating basis. And I think it's important to note that the one-time gains resulting from portfolio actions has resulted in an additional $0.71 of as-reported EPS, above the year-to-date operating EPS of $2.58. ROC is now 11.9%, up more than 170 basis points versus the same quarter last year. And we expect ongoing improvement, as our growth levers particularly on the U.S. Gulf Coast and in Saudi Arabia continue to produce and as we complete our portfolio management actions. Cash from operations reached $2.5 billion in the quarter, up $700 million or 41% versus the year-ago period, and has now reached $8 billion over the last 12 months and we continue to return this cash to shareholders. Year-to-date, Dow has returned $1.9 billion to shareholders through declared dividends and share repurchases. Additionally, our recent completion of the Dow Korean products divestment, which successfully closed on October 5, at a tax efficient value of $5 billion or a taxable equivalent value in excess of $7.5 billion. This is a significant value for a commodity business and created a win-win-win for Dow, for Olin, and for the shareholders of both companies. Overall, as a result of this transaction, our net debt went down by $3 billion, and $1.5 billion in Olin common stock was distributed to Dow's shareholders in exchange for 34.1 million shares of Dow's stock. A slide is available in the appendix for additional details. Let's please now turn to segment operating results on Slide 8. In Ag Sciences, operating EBITDA for the segment was down from the year-ago period, reflecting declines in price, the sale of AgroFresh and a gain of $44 million from the one-time sale of a joint venture. The business saw continued strong demand for new crop protection molecules with a 40% increase in new product sales versus the same quarter last year, and an 8% increase year-to-date, led by strong growth in spinetoram insecticide. Results in the quarter also reflected significant improvement in year-over-year cost reduction actions. Overall, the ag market continues to be challenged with high inventory levels and currency pressures, more than offsetting higher volume gains in Europe, Middle East, Africa, India as well as North America. We do expect ongoing weakness to continue over the next 12 to 24 months. While conditions in Brazil ag were weak in the quarter, Dow continues to gain share, and in fact has now moved up to second place in corn seed market share. We also achieved a significant regulatory milestone with the approval of Enlist cotton. Moving to Slide 9, Consumer Solutions reported record operating EBITDA, despite a year-over-year decline in equity earnings. Dow Automotive Solutions achieved a quarterly operating EBITDA record, reflecting growth in both OEMs, as we see continued adoption of aluminum, high-strength steel and composites as well as in our aftermarket segments. Our business continues to outpace industry growth, driven by Dow's innovative structural adhesive solutions and there is significant upside potential, as we continue to expand into do adjacent applications. Consumer Care volume grew in pharma and personal care sectors, offset by sales declines in the lower margin homecare and industrial markets as well as by ongoing currency headwinds. We continue to see demand strength in the high-value portions of our cellulosics chain. In Dow Electronic Materials, EBITDA growth in semiconductor and display was offset by declines in interconnect technologies. Display profitability was improved this quarter by self-help actions, including the intentional exit of low margin business and our focus on upgrading the portfolio. Turning now to Infrastructure Solutions on Slide 10. Overall operating EBITDA for the segment decreased, as growth within several businesses was offset by declines in equity earnings, reflecting a one-time tax credit Dow Corning received in the third quarter of 2014. Dow Building and Construction reported record quarterly operating EBITDA as well as volume growth in most regions, particularly in cellulosics and spray foam technologies. Our innovative product lines are driving growth that is outpacing that of global construction markets and our proprietary flame retardant technology is capturing attractive licensing income. Dow Coating Materials reported volume gains in most regions led by double-digit growth in EMEAI. The business has expanded its market participation with a robust innovation pipeline in new vinyl acrylic binders and rheology modifiers across a broad range of customers. On a global scale, Performance Monomers continues to remain in industry-wide trough-like conditions. Energy and Water Solutions reported double digit volume growth in emerging markets for reverse osmosis solutions, partially offsetting declines in energy sales in North America. Turning to Slide 11, Performance Materials and Chemicals reported a decline in EBITDA, reflecting the impact of divestitures and lower MEG pricing. Strong volume in Asia as well as in a majority of businesses was more than offset by global pricing pressures and ongoing currency headwinds. Industrial Solutions reported earnings declines due to compressed glycol margin and weakness in North America oil and gas drilling demand. Polyurethanes once again continued to deliver strong volume growth, with share gains due to broader market participation, expanding system house sales, the start-up of our Thailand polyols plant as well as underlying fundamental demand growth in EMEA and Asia-Pacific. On Slide 12, Performance Plastics EBITDA achieved record levels due to robust demand in all businesses. Dow Packaging and Specialty Plastics reported a record quarterly operating EBITDA, as the business captured gains from demand growth in emerging markets, high operating rates, strong asset reliability and tight inventory across the chain. Dow Elastomers delivered a second consecutive quarterly operating EBITDA record, due to demand in key markets such as transportation, high-end footwear and infrastructure. And Dow Electrical and Telecommunications also reported volume growth in North America and EMEAI, as new home sales and construction spending rates trended higher. Turning to Slide 13, we want to illustrate the importance over time of owning the full polyolefin value chain. As you can see, the source of income has shifted over time. It's hard to predict which bucket the value will come from in any given period. In the 2002 trough, for example, the ethylene to naphtha spread was high in very weak markets, with some contribution from the oil to gas spread. Our differentiation in 2002 was much lower than it is today. In the strong markets of 2005, there was virtually no oil to gas spread. In 2009, Dow retained market share and decent trough margins due to product differentiation, while competitors that didn't own the differentiation or the feedstock flexibility struggled to the brink of insolvency. In 2014, the oil to gas spread was the main driver of margins, but full chain integration and differentiation played an important role. This differentiation for Dow is based on unique polymers, catalyst, process and comonomer combinations. In 2015, the margin has been shifting to both the polymer and the differentiation, as supply-demand tightness, especially across the integrated chain, continues to progress even in a climate of soft GDP. The Dow strategy has been to continue to be a leader in all three of the margin opportunity buckets, leveraging the Dow material science backbone to provide differentiation that amplifies that performance. I also want to take a minute and share our latest outlook on supply demand for the ethylene and polyethylene value chain on Slide 14. This outlook utilizes the most recent GDP forecast, assumes historical growth multiples to GDP, a gradually recovering China, as well as the latest data on capacity additions. Integrated polyethylene and elastomer balances are tight today and the outlook indicates these balances will stay tight for at least the next several years. Additional, tightness is likely to come from an industry operating reliability issues, both at the monomer and polymer stages of the value chain. As we have discussed many times, much of these assets are old and unplanned outages across the sector have been and likely will continue to happen at relatively higher frequencies. With these tight industry balances, any significant unexpected operating event will be met by shortages and a pricing response, which has certainly had an impact on conditions in the U.S., Europe and Asia in the last two years. The bottomline in our view is that Dow is well-positioned for favorable ethylene and polyethylene industry conditions through at least 2020, based on current announcements and timing to complete the projects. Before I turn it over to Andrew, let me provide some modeling guidance heading into fourth quarter on Slide 15. I'll just cover some highlights. On a year-over-year basis, the fourth quarter will be impacted by divestitures, mainly AgroFresh, Angus, Sodium Borohydride and Dow Chlorine Products in three material ways. First on the revenue line, please remember, revenue will be lower by between $1.3 billion and $1.8 billion. We also expect to realize a negative impact on EBITDA of between $150 million and $225 million. And depreciation and amortization will be lower by between $35 million and $50 million. The other item I'd like to point out is the tax rate for the fourth quarter will likely be between 24% and 27% on an operating basis. If Congress enacts the extenders R&D benefit before yearend, we will settle at the lower end of the range. As you all know, we closed the Dow Chlorine Products transaction on October 5, which will have a tax impact on the as-reported earnings in the fourth quarter. As a result, we expect our as-reported tax rate will be between 10% to 13%. Once again, we provided the popular macroeconomic heat map in the appendix of the presentation. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Andrew, who will provide an update on our outlook, as well as our strategic drivers for the next 24 months.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Howard. In Slide 16, you'll just see in a few moments I'm going to share the next series of goals that our Board and our management have come up with for our portfolio transformation over these next two to three years. So if you reference Slide 17, at our Investor Day 2014, we summarized what you could expect from Dow for the next 12 months. And this series of commitments was a continuum from our 2013 strategy reviews undertaken by our Board, which culminated in the series of choices in our growth engines and our self help actions. And what underpinned those reviews in 2013 and was reinforced by our statements at the Investor forum in 2014 is that: we are an emergent and are a cash flow story; that our portfolio fine tuning would continue with an acute focus on carving out our chlorine chain and cleaning up our joint ventures; that we would raise our divestment target to $7 billion to $8.5 billion; and that we would continue to fund innovation and organic growth with no big M&A; and that we would return cash to our shareholders with dividend increases in share buybacks. Slide 18 is a read out of how we did versus what we said. We have over-achieved our targets and there is no gap between what we said and what we did. We have build a portfolio that has as its foundation, both integration and intervention, and is structurally hedged to handle all economic conditions, and as already referenced, is a cash flow machine. Let's look at Slide 19. As a result of these achievements the Dow board and management have deliberated on our focus for the next 24 to 36 months. And we build a simple roadmap for this period. And the goals on this page are very clear. Our execution focus of these last three years has been granular and laser-like. This will continue. First, our productivity goal of $1 billion of cost reductions over three years starting in 2015 will be delivered through Dow's previously announced change management program Dow 10.0. Second, our large assets in Sadara and on the U.S. Gulf Coast are commencing their commissioning phases. These huge new assets would change from being investment headwinds to cash and earnings tailwinds. Our CapEx will be ranged down to new depreciation levels over the next two years. We anticipate no new mega projects during these next five years. Third, we would conclude our joint venture portfolio work by providing full clarity on our large joint ventures and their future in Dow. And turning to Slide 20, on Kuwaiti, these large, highly profitable JVs will pivot through equity restructuring and move to a growth focus. Our partners in Kuwaiti are excited at the opportunity to consolidate all of their JVs under one ownership umbrella, retain Dow as a minority partner move forward to growth path, while extracting synergies in their consolidation. The deal structure on this slide will yield over $3 billion of pre-tax proceeds to Dow by mid-2016 with $1.5 billion by the end of 2015. On Slide 21, our joint venture of 72 years Dow Corning is a tremendous asset with a focus on specialty materials and specialty chemicals, and of course, polysilicon by the Hemlock joint venture. Dow and Corning are in discussions around a potential transaction involving Corning's ownership in Dow Corning. We will have more to say on this in the not too distant future. Slide 22, Dow's portfolio work of these last five years has been to methodically exit commodity cyclical value change, such as those in styrene, butadiene, chlorine and all their derivatives. And as you can see on Slide 23, these commodities exhibit no predictability either on their input price, which is mostly oil based, or their output price, which would be commoditized and genericized and have no technology advantage. We have been successful in repositioning the portfolio to growth markets with clear integration and technology differentiation. Slide 23 shows how we have divested $15 billion of primarily high-beta businesses of these last six years. And what is clear to us is that our owners are continuing to looking at ways, enterprises like Dow with all of our intended complexity can not only create value, but actually release that value. We are very proud of what Dow has built in the agricultural market via Dow AgroSciences. This business has doubled EBITDA over the last five years and has the most envied technology pipeline in chemistry and in traits. By all accounts, this is a successful business with a bright future. So despite Dow AgroSciences being a low-beta business, there is a rationale in our opinion that given the potential synergies in a newly consolidating agricultural market and attractive opportunity to release value may be upon us. As a result, the company is only considering those prospects that will extract further value from this business, while comparing it to the value of retaining the business. Slide 24, 25, the final point on our emphasis goals over the next 24 to 36 months is captured by the notion that we are generating a lot of cash, have more down in that future, and that Slide 23 has shown we have been a returner of that cash -- Slide 25 is showing we have been a returner of cash to you, our shareholders. This will continue. We are pleased to announce our dividend increase of $2 to $1.84 a share. This represents a new historic dividend level. And we're going to continue to accelerate our share buybacks. We will continue to return cash to you. We have no plans or any new big CapEx or large M&A in this timeframe. We have built a structurally hedged portfolio with tremendous organic growth drivers. And Slide 26 gives you a sense of these growth drives. We believe they're unique. We have built three strong integrated pillars of value that uniquely define our enterprise. We start with cost advantaged monomers in geographies with attractive markets. In the second pillar, we selected to industry-leading science and engineering enabling us to create value differentiation with our customers. And in the third pillar, we selected to attracted growth segments of key markets to lower volatility and drive reliability of earnings and cash flow. The first and second pillars, well, they define our integration. The second and third pillars, they define and leverage our innovation. The key is that no one else in this sector brings both operational and commercial excellence across all three pillars. And if you look at Slide 28, our broad scope of scientific capabilities really creates -- Slide 27 really creates a very highly competitive hurdle, not easily replicated or imitated, creating a benefit for both Dow, and more importantly, Dow's customers. Look at those examples if you can see on that slide, they're all unique, all highly valuable to Dow and to our customers. And looking ahead, we believe the market outlook favors the products, technologies and geographic position of the Dow portfolio. If you look at the market outlook on Slide 29, we expect ongoing expansion of growth opportunities that will enable Dow to continue to capture that growth, mostly in markets such as China, the United States and Europe, despite challenges in soft pockets around the world, such as those in Brazil. We anticipate strength in construction, packaging and transportation markets, as well as, in electronics, as the interconnectivity of the world continues to increase and Dow is well-positioned to manage, and in fact, win from the weakness in agriculture. Our forecasts indicate that there will be gradual recovery in the oil markets. And gas-based cracking will continue to be advantage. And in the midst of all of this, our new investments on the U.S. Gulf Coast and in Saudi Arabia are coming online at exactly the right time, further boosting Dow's ability to capture and expand margins. The bottomline is this, today's macroeconomic realities mean the importance of driving differentiation into the portfolio will only increase and companies that aim to win will need to invest in innovative solutions and work closely with customers. Overall, Dow's strategy, our integrated portfolio, our innovation engine, and our proven track record of execution are delivering results. And going forward, and as always, capturing growth where growth exists is not the only way that we would demonstrate consistent earnings growth and strong cash flow. Our self-help and our productivity actions underpin all of our operational and execution tactics. Now, third quarter results highlight this intense focus on delivering the potential of Dow, 12 consecutive quarters of EPS, EBITDA and margin growth; eight consecutive quarters of volume growth; the highest EBITDA margin results since 2005. The Dow machine is generating strong cash flows and returning that cash to its owners. And today's announcements outline for you the next 24 to 36 months of actions that would drive continued results and demonstrate our commitment to being exceptional stewards of the opportunities in hands, but combining exceptional capital utilization with our drive to return cash to Dow's owners across the intermediate, mid and long-term horizons. Our team has distinguished itself by its performance and it will continue to do so. And with that Jack, let's turn to Q&A.
Jack Broodo: Thank you, Andrew. Now, we will move on to your questions. First, however, I would like to remind you that my comments regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Rochelle, could you explain the Q&A procedure?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question, we'll hear from PJ Juvekar with Citi.
PJ Juvekar: Howard, I like your win-win-win comment.
Howard Ungerleider: It was PJ. I mean, it was a tremendous transaction for both Dow, for Olin and for all of our shareholders, I mean really it was.
PJ Juvekar: So my question is on ag. Andrew, you mentioned that you want fair value, and there's pressure to do something. But is it the right time to divest ag, given that ag markets are depressed? And then on seeds, it doesn't make any money today, but you have this great pipeline, so how do you capture all that in your divestiture comments?
Andrew Liveris: You got to take it from the two angles that we are taking it with. You've just given us one angle, which is the retention angle. And then in consolidating ag market, the affordability of R&D budgets and the capturing of synergies is another angle. And if you look at our total market cap and you look at the contribution of Dow AgroSciences, both revenue and EBITDA, then projected EBITDA, you could take some multiples, and say, that as a percent of market cap is higher than as percent of either revenues or profit in the enterprise. So that begs value release and we have talked to many, all of our owners about that. You can entrust upon us, so all of our owners, that we will definitely compare it, as I've said in my remarks, to the value of retention. But look, we believe that over time the hurdle of doing business in this sector will only keep increasing. We've done a phenomenal job through collaboration of building our capabilities and we've done a tremendous job, as you acknowledged on building the pipeline of both chemistry and traits. And we will extract full value in whatever construct we come out with that beats anything towards retention.
Operator: And next we'll move on to Steve Byrne with Bank of America.
Steve Byrne: Your outlook comments include an indication of a widening oil/gas spread benefiting your polyethylene chain. I was wondering what your thoughts were on the outlook for a looming surge of anthracite-based petrochemical production, and do you see that as an opportunity for China to become more competitive in this area? Any leverage you think they can pull to lower the variable cost of that industry?
Andrew Liveris: I really appreciate the question and it's a recurring question. Actually, way back in '03, '04 China's coal-to-olefins projects were looming large, especially with the oil and gas price structures that existed back then. Look, we have been part of it. We have actually assisted one of our partners there to actually move through the approval process. We have one point-in-time even considered participating ourselves. But in our view, despite the variable cost comment you just made, it is unlikely to be any new projects being brought forward. These are very hard to run, highly polluting projects, very water-intensive. They're all in the wrong place. And we believe that their ability to operate even is suspect, as already witnessed by the one that's online. And if you throw on top of that that there will be sub-world scale on the derivative side and actually be mostly in the commodity areas like glycol and gas based, commodity-based polyethylenes and polyprop it will have little or no effect on the value chain comparisons to either the Middle East production, which we're part of or the U.S. production, which we are part of.
Operator: And our next question, we'll hear from Frank Mitsch with Wells Fargo Securities.
Andrew Liveris: What about the Mets, Frank?
Frank Mitsch: Andrew, I was just going to say, that I'm not sure who is doing a better job of managing, you or Terry Collins of the Mets, so key point.
Andrew Liveris: Terry is a Midland guy. He's born and bred in Midland.
Frank Mitsch: I did not know that. I did not know that. Sorry, Howard, about the Yankees.
Howard Ungerleider: But are you going to write the check for Cespedes? I mean, I think Detroit helped the Mets this season.
Frank Mitsch: We are very grateful and we're keeping Murphy. Andrew, you made the comment no large M&A, and then obviously you indicated that you are in discussions with Corning. I was wondering if you could, at least, conceptually speak about the positioning of the Dow Corning joint venture within Dow proper, the logic behind it, what your expectations might be if in fact you are able to execute on that.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, 72-year JV. Despite the comments on execution with the Mets, we are not foreshadowing an easy execution play here in terms of the partnership being such a strong one. But the good news is both partners know the company inside out, as you might imagine having been on the Boards of this company for a long time. We know the company. Look, Frank, it's just down the road here in Midland, Michigan. These synergies are very unique and are available to one partner, i.e. Dow. And then of course, there's more than that. There's the point you just made about market synergy. As we've rebuilt our portfolio these last many years, Dow Corning's become a much more logical fit on the market side, that wasn't true 10 years ago. And clearly whether it's in the consumer sector, the infrastructure sector, there's electronic materials, building construction, home and personal care, we also see growth synergies on the market side. This will only happen, if it's value accretive to both companies. The win/win/win of Olin, if we can construct it here, something might happen. But we've been very public about JVs and bringing them on balance sheet or off balance sheet. The Kuwaiti announcement is obviously moving in the other direction. And we anticipate that if something happens here, it will only happen, because it's hugely value creating.
Operator: And next we'll move on to Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: Maybe I can ask Frank's question in a different way. If there are no large M&A transactions that you plan, but there is something that you plan with Dow Corning, is it that we would rule out that Dow would buy the piece of Dow Corning, that it doesn't own because you don't plan to make large acquisitions or is that not the right inference?
Andrew Liveris: Look, I don't want to be -- there's no vagueness in the two commentaries, just to be very clear. There's no big M&A outside of our joint venture work. We've been very clear, our joint venture work is our joint venture work and we'll consolidate or deconsolidate. And yes, some people might say that's big M&A. But no, it's not big M&A, because it's a joint venture that we're either consolidating or deconsolidating. There's no problem with those statements coexisting, Jeff, but I understand your point. There could be cash outlay here, but there will only be cash outlay if it's hugely accretive, I mean just to be very clear.
Operator: And next we'll move on to Peter Butler with Glen Hill Investments.
Peter Butler: Is, in fact, your stock market goal is to become a sustainable earnings growth story to replace the old Dow cyclical growth story? And if so, could you talk some about what remains to be done on your M&A and restructuring program? What might reasonably happen in the next, say, year-and-a-half?
Andrew Liveris: So the three year goals that we punched out today are very clear. We believe that the Kuwait joint venture and the way we're restructuring that will yield cash. And of course, for them it will yield growth. So it's a win/win/win. We believe that we have got bolt-on M&A in our future but no big M&A, to Jeff's question, other than whatever we end up doing with Dow Corning. We believe that Sadara and U.S. Gulf Coast, which by the way Sadara is already sold out on first product and we are pre-marketing as we speak on polyethylene. We're bringing those assets on at exactly the right time. So the $3 billion EBITDA run rate from the US Gulf Coast assets and the $700 million net income boost steady - state run rate on Sadara is new cash flow. And Peter, I think the way we should all think about the company is that it's going to be a cash flow machine these next several years. As you can already see, our cash flows are being boosted substantially. If we do any degree of monetization on ag of any sort, that just adds even further. And so this is all going to be returned to the shareholder. We're going to be a consistent dividend payer at the payout ratio of roughly 45% and we're going to be a buyer of our shares, while our shares in our view are undervalued. And I think the collective view is you generate cash, you spend that cash to grow organically. We have done that. We've got a lot of organic growth in our innovation pipeline. And we'll keep returning cash to our shareholders.
Operator: And next we'll move on to David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Andrew, nearer term, can you discuss polyethylene price expectations for Q4 volumes as well. And Performance Plastics, how do you view the business versus Q3 sequentially on EBITDA basis?
Andrew Liveris: Howard, why don't you take that?
Howard Ungerleider: I would say, look, I mean when you think about polyethylene around the world, and I'd point you to the slide and some of the prepared comments. But November price increases are in the market, positive sentiment is building. I think Andrew made some comments in some his interviews earlier this morning about Dow and other producers in Europe closing their order book. So October order books for Dow have been closed for about two weeks and a few other producers as well. So that tells you a couple of things. One, inventory through the chain are low and fundamental underlying demand in Europe is good. We've had really strong demand in Asia. I mean, at a company level, this a company comment, not specific to polyethylene, we had 12% volume growth in China versus same quarter year ago. And our packaging business was north of 20%. So you're seeing demand growth in Asia, you're seeing demand growth in Europe. The U.S. economy still is a bright spot. You've got unplanned events happening. There was a big issue in Brazil in the last week, so that just reinforces a point. So margins over the next several years should continue to move up, that is the expectation. Fundamental underlying demand will outstrip the additional supply growth, and that's our view.
Operator: And Don Carson with Susquehanna Financial will have our next question.
Don Carson: A question on ag, just on near-term. On Slide 15, you talk about 3% to 5% down sequentially. So are you expecting ag to lose money again in fourth quarter kind of a reversal from last year? And then more broadly, as you look to restructure ag or monetize your position, is DCP the model, where you might do a Reverse Morris Trust, and then distribute the shares in the combined entity to Dow shareholders, so they can continue to participate in the growth of ag?
Howard Ungerleider: Why don't I take the first question, then I'll throw it to Andrew for the strategic. But when you think about ag, no I don't think we're going to lose money in the fourth quarter. But it is soft. The market is soft, highly-competitive price environment. We're still dealing with significant currency headwinds. I mean Brazil in the third quarter was a 50% drop versus a year ago. You got economic issues in Brazil. Argentina is certainly where we potentially have a devaluation coming here in the fourth quarter after the elections, so we've got to get through that. But my point would be in a down market we are winning. We're winning with our new molecules on the chemistry side. I highlighted earlier that we are now number two in Brazil corn. That's a new fact. We were number three, we are now number two. So we are winning. And I think we are really seeing the pipeline start to come through the market on both the chemistry side and the biotech side. Andrew, you want to go head with strategy?
Andrew Liveris: Yes. And, Don, look, we're open to all constructs. That was a great construct with a win-win-win of Olin. So we're open to all constructs that release more value, and actually that value stays with the shareholders. It doesn't atrophy away in a tax disadvantage deal.
Operator: And next we'll move on to Hassan Ahmed with Alembic Global.
Hassan Ahmed: Two-part question on Performance Plastics, if I may. Obviously, a nice sequential bump-up in EBITDA. So the first question is that you mentioned in the press release that Europe, obviously European margins was strong. How did North America fair? Was it sort of flat, down? Just trying to get a sense of how feedstocks flexibility within North America sort of played a role in the quarter. So that's the first one. The second one is, as you look at 2016, there seems to be a pretty heavy turnaround schedule on the ethylene side of things globally. So do you expect to see effective utilization rates tighten materially from here, particularly through the first half of 2016?
Andrew Liveris: Howard, why don't you take those?
Howard Ungerleider: I mean, certainly Europe margins were strong in the third quarter. North America came off a little bit, but not as much as everybody was expecting or the third-party pundits were pontificating. We've got North American operating rates in the industry are in the either the very high 80s or low-to-even mid-90s. The ACC data, you had below 40 days of inventory. So again that tells that you fundamental underlying demand is there. And we're taking advantage of that. And if you project forward the next few years, we've added in on our slide in the slide deck, we've added in all the new capacity. I think, frankly, we've been conservative. We added nine crackers on the Gulf Coast coming on between now and 2020. I don't think it's going to be nine, but we wanted to stress test it, and operating rates still go higher from here between now and 2020.
Operator: And we'll move on to John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: Why is the new executive leadership counsel separate from the Office of Chairman/CEO? Could you talk a little bit about the shuffling you did there?
Andrew Liveris: Look, I wouldn't over-read anything about team structures. Every company does their own thing. We've got the most important part of the team announcement you saw today, John, is the team at the top. The top three of this company, Howard, Jim and I, we're going to run the company. Howard and Jim have got significant responsibilities, new responsibilities, very excited by that. It's a very strong team. Actually, we've had this team in place for a long time now, and they continue to show exceptional performance, as this quarter has shown. But the team that also reports to the CEO or the governance functions, some of the key functions that now report to Jim and Howard, we're going to pull that together as an executive leadership council that gets together and makes sure that we leverage every aspect of this company. Well, the three of us have everything. And the three of us, there was a term used at Dow for historians, from back in the 70s and early 80s, called a troika. I don't know whether that means anything to anyone, but you can call us that if you like. But the three of us run the company in terms of the big decisions and the operational decisions.
Howard Ungerleider: Maybe you just gave at least one of them a headline.
Andrew Liveris: Of course.
Operator: And we'll move on to Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Bob Koort: Andrew, I'm curious, as you look about the JVs, and then maybe doing something with ag, historically Dow has been pretty flexible. So is there an opportunity to maybe use earn-outs or other mechanisms, if you can't come to an agreement on current values for those assets? And then secondly, I'm guessing as we go through earnings season we're not going to find many companies that produce the numbers you showed in China, the numbers Howard talked about in the architectural paint markets in Europe. So can you give us some sense of were there some one-offs, was there some trade opportunities, arbitrages or what kind of confidence do you have that you can sustain those really pretty surprisingly strong volume trends?
Andrew Liveris: I'll take the first one and give Howard the second. There is no question that the Dow AgroSciences property is at the top of that beta pyramid, low beta that you saw on one of the slides in the deck. We've nurtured it, grown it, cared for it, fed it in terms of R&D, and it's grown, grown, grown, and it now has a technology pipeline. In the many years we've been doing that, the Board has done extensive reviews, certainly no less than semiannually and some very big deep drills, where we spent days at a time. To look at the ag market, because it's been obvious that since 15 years, 10 years ago, that another round of consolidation will come one day. And whenever it does, Dow should be able to answer the questions of releasing the value in the portfolio in the best available construct. So, yes, all options are available to us, including the one you just spoke about. Howard, do you want to take the polyethylene thing and the China thing?
Howard Ungerleider: On the flexibility side, I would just say, Bob, we have had a track record of being flexible with our divestitures. So you look at in just in last 12 months, Angus and SBH were straight divests. You look at AgroFresh, which was a SPAC, I think we're the first Fortune 50 company to do that. I think at the time we announced $900 million of value for AgroFresh, embedded in that transaction was an earn-out. So that will bring future value, assuming AgroFresh delivers on their financial plan, which we're confident that they will. There is also a tax receivable agreement. When you add the value of the earn-out and the tax receivable agreement, that brings the AgroFresh value on an NPV back to Dow of north of $1 billion of value. And then the Olin RMT, I mean it just shows that we're willing to look at everything. This management team has a very large focus on return on capital, and we've been increasing ROC between 100 basis points and 150 basis points a year. And our focus is any transaction we do, we want it to be a help in EVA momentum and ROC increase.
Andrew Liveris: The China question?
Howard Ungerleider: I'm not even sure I remember what the China question was?
Andrew Liveris: I mean, why are we seeing the contrarian --
Howard Ungerleider: It's simple. It plays to our portfolio. And if you think about where China is, they've exited this heavy industry phase, and it really is all about light industry/consumer. So you think about our materials, whether it's RO membranes in water, whether it's our elastomers, whether it's our architectural paints, where 10 years ago you would sell very low-end paint to a developer who would look to spray an entire building. Today you've got people in China who have been in their apartments or their homes for 10 years, they are making the choice, and their value proposition is going to be very different from a developer. They are looking for technology, they are looking for things, whether it's our FORMASHIELD, to take formaldehyde out of the air and trap it in the formulation or one-coat hiding. These are the kinds of products that we have, and you're starting to really see that through each of the three quarters of the year.
Operator: And next we'll move to Jonas Oxgaard with Bernstein.
Jonas Oxgaard: One comment first. I would stay away from the troika. I would suggest respectfully a triumvirate. Much better.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Jonas. You may have saved the headline for me.
Jonas Oxgaard: So that said. I was curious on the ag side, have you already started discussions with potential partners, other owners or where are you on that timeline?
Andrew Liveris: So Jonas, really, literally, since the Monsanto Syngenta conversations began in May, you could imagine that every player talks to everyone. And on previous call, I think it was the last quarter's earnings call, I basically said Dow will have a seat at the table. So, yes, we're all talking to everyone. And there's no imminent deal. I just want you to obviously listen to the questions that were asked a couple times about, is this a good time, is this the right value, dah-dah-dah, all that is very key questions that we have to answer for our shareholders. But look, the answer is, everyone is talking to everyone.
Operator: And next we'll move on to Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: I unfortunately have another follow-on question on the ag situation. It sounds like you're considering either a sale or keeping it internally. And I'm just wondering, are you also considering intermediate options such as a spin-off or a sub-IPO tracking stock, those types of things? Particularly in the event if the timing or the bid/ask spreads would suggest it might make sense to wait a little bit longer before complete monetization?
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Vincent, for allowing my shortest answer, yes.
Vincent Andrews: And if I could just follow-up on the price declines and crop chemistry vis--vis the inventory levels, how much of that do you think is just a function of weather-related demand issues? How much of it is a function of, maybe in Brazil, the financing issues? And are you extending more credit to farmers or bartering or those types of things? And how much of it is just sort of the dollar has made, maybe in the past made purchasing power and pricing power higher and now that tides gone out a bit? How do you sort of shuffle the deck between those buckets?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, I would say it's really -- you literally answered the question, because it really is a little bit currency, it's a little bit lower crop prices, which you look at a rented piece of land and the farmer's not able to make money in Brazil on that basis. And there has been -- you throw some weather in there and you mix it all together and it makes for a really challenging environment after three years of pretty high yields with high inventories.
Operator: And next we'll move on to Jim Sheehan with SunTrust.
Jim Sheehan: Regarding your flame retardant technology, you're gaining some new license revenue there. I was wondering if you could just comment on where you see that technology going in the future. Do you think you can grow it outside of Europe?
Howard Ungerleider: I would say, yes, the medium- to long-term plan is that's going to be global technology. So we're seeing nice licensing income. I mean, it plays right into our technology material science strength. And boy, talk about EVA and ROC, it really has been a nice tailwind for building and construction and we see that continuing to expand over time.
Operator: And next we'll move on to Aleksey Yefremov with Nomura Securities.
Aleksey Yefremov: What is the EBITDA associated with any global stake being sold? And also, could you comment on the magnitude of the equate stake sale as well, how does it compare in terms of proceeds and EBITDA?
Andrew Liveris: So we don't look at it on an EBITDA basis. Do we, Howard?
Howard Ungerleider: I would say this, Phase 1. I mean, this is the beautiful thing, and why I would differentiate in terms of JV consolidation, deconsolidation, its hidden EBITDA. Remember, because of 20-50 equity accounting, you don't see the EBITDA of our joint ventures. You only see our percentage ownership of the net income after tax of the joint ventures in our EBITDA. So when you look at Phase 1 that we announced today, you're talking about probably in the range of $30 million to $50 million of lost Dow EBITDA in exchange for the $1.5 billion of proceeds. So it's a pretty nice EVA positive.
Operator: And that will be all the time we have for questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Broodo for any additional or closing remarks. End of Q&A
Jack Broodo: Thank you, everyone, for your questions. Andrew, did you have some closing remarks?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, I do. We packed a lot into this call. We appreciate your questions. You've got our earnings release. You've also got our pathway for the next two or three years release as well. We have a company that's closing out one year early from its goals that we announced in 2013. Our divestment targets were exceeded. We are in the position now of talking about the next two or three years with great clarity, and that clarity has been provided on the call. This is a company that has delivered on its promises. There's no gap between what we've said and what we've done and we intend to continue that. And we're getting little to no help from a consistent economy. Witness all the questions on volatility. Look at the proof points of our portfolio performing in this economy, which we now have got quite a few quarters in a row. Those who worried about low oil, look at our results. Those who worried about China going away, look at our results. The results of the company and the consistency of performance enables us, as a Board, and management team to continue to deliver that growth in terms of earnings and cash flow. We are strong cash flow machine, getting stronger back to you. There is no big M&A. We will consolidate JVs where it makes sense. There is no need to think about this company directing itself to anything in terms of big CapEx. We've got the big projects starting up. We have done this the last five years with your perseverance, and we are now in the throes of starting up some of the biggest industrial chemical complexes of all time, the one in Saudi Arabia, and of course, the big expansion on the US Gulf Coast. We're advantaged on the inputs and we're advantaged on the outputs. That's a structurally hedged portfolio that's very unique to this enterprise. We commit to you consistent return to shareholders, consistent return of that cash over these last five years. And last but not least, I'm very proud of the team announcements we've made today. We have the team to drive this company for the next five to 10 years in place. It's a team that has consistently grown and delivered for you, the shareholder, and I'm very proud of that. Thank you.
Jack Broodo: Thank you, Andrew. As always we appreciate your interest in the Dow Chemical Company. For your reference, a copy of our prepared comments will be posted on Dow's website later today. This concludes our call for today. We look forward to speaking with you again soon.
Operator: And that will conclude today's call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Dow Chemical Company Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Also, todays call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jack Broodo. Please go ahead, sir.
Jack Broodo: Good morning, and welcome everyone. This is Jack Broodo, Vice President of Investor Relations for Dow Chemical. As usual, we are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of the Dow Chemical Company; any redistribution, retransmission or reforecast of this call in any form without Dows express written consent is prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dows Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Howard Ungerleider, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Around 7:00 a.m. this morning, July 23, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and post on the internet on dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are posted on our website and through the link to our website. Some of our comments today include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimate and we dont plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and on our website. Unless otherwise specified all comparisons presented today will be on a year-on-year  year-over-year basis. Sales comparisons exclude divestitures and hydrocarbons and energy, EBITDA, EBITDA margins, return on capital and earnings comparisons exclude certain items. Some of our comments may also contain statements about our announced agreement to separate a substantial portion of our Chlor-alkali and Downstream Derivatives business and merge it with a subsidiary of Olin Corporation. In connection with that transaction, Dow and Olin have filed with the SEC that contains important information and we advise you to read them. These filings are available free of charge from the SEC or Dow or Olin as applicable. The agenda for todays call is on slide three, and I will now turn the call over to Howard Ungerleider.
Howard Ungerleider: Thank you, Jack, and good morning, everyone. Turning to slide four, simply put Dow delivered strong financial results with year-over-year increases in operating EPS, EBITDA and EBITDA margin expansion, all for the 11th quarter in a row. Our business discipline and financial objectives remain firmly on track and are reflected in our performance. Earnings per share rose 23% to $0.91 on an operating basis. Operating EBITDA increased to $2.5 billion, a record second quarter for the company, and driving first half EBITDA also to a record $4.9 billion. Operating EBITDA margins expanded 396 basis point from the year-ago period to 19%. Sales declined 13% year-over-year primarily as a result of currency and the effects of lower oil price. However, on a sequential basis sales were up 4% as local price improved, offset by currency, while volume grew 4%. Excluding the impact of divestitures on a year-over-year basis, sales volume has increased for the past seven quarters. Sequentially we saw increasing demand across most geographic areas led by Greater China, the U.S., and Latin America. Year-to-date our cash from operations increased more than $700 million year-over-year, reaching $2.7 billion. And we returned $1.5 billion to shareholders so far this year. Our performance over these last many quarters highlights the strength of our structurally hedged integrated portfolio. The power of growing demand for our innovative products which enable margin expansion in our targeted markets, the benefit of our geographic footprint to capture demand where is around the world, and the value of our integrated low-cost positions and feedstock flexibility to overcome volatile crude oil pricing, all of which are enabling us to drive higher and more consistent earnings. You can see on slides five and six progress on our key financial goals as outlined at our Investor Day last fall. We are becoming an EVA [ph] driven company with a clear focus on growing earnings, improving ROC and rewarding our shareholders. We review these metrics with our Board at every board meeting. As a result, we have been consistently delivering improving financial performance. EPS has grown at 22% CAGR over the last three years. Operating ROC is 11.5% and continues to increase as our growth levers are beginning to produce and we complete the execution of our announced portfolio management actions. We continue to generate significant cash flow from operations of $7.2 billion over the last 12 months. And we remain disciplined in deploying this cash to further reward our shareholders, having paid $1.8 billion in dividends and $2.6 billion in share buy-backs in that same timeframe, all while continuing to invest for growth. These results, which you can see on slide six, are a direct reflection of our consistent efforts to perform with industry leading operational excellence, execution and enterprise-wide financial discipline. Now lets take a look at our operating results for each of our segments in the second quarter as well as some modeling guidance. So turning to slide eight, in Agricultural Sciences overall operating EBITDA increased 8%. Record yields across the Americas have led to tough conditions in the Ag industry, but our sales of new crop protection products increased 5% year-over-year while we continue to make progress on regulatory approvals for our new technology. In fact, this quarter we received the approval of Enlist corn and soybean traits in Brazil, Enlist E3 soybeans in Argentina, and the active ingredients in Arylex herbicide and Isoclast insecticide in Europe. And just yesterday the Chinese government approved a permit for Dow AgroSciences to import and test Dow Enlist E3 and Contesta [ph] as the next step. And although this is not final approval or an indication of the timing of final approval, it is a key required and significant milestone on the path forward for full scale launch of Enlist for both corn and soy. In Consumer Solutions overall sales and EBITDA declined, however, Dow Automotive Systems delivered yet another record EBITDA quarter as a result of volume growth and the sectors demand for light weighting behind our industry leading BETAMATE products as well as strong demand for premium vehicles and large SUVs which feature more Dow material. Our Electronic Materials business also saw strength in the semiconductor sector, building on Dow technologies like our iconic polishing pads that delivered growth at pace higher than the 5% industry MSI [ph] increase expected for the full year. This strength, however, was offset by weaker display volumes as the industry awaits new product launches. In Infrastructure Solutions demand was strong in our Construction and Reverse Osmosis businesses, with new technologies such as our polymer flame retardant materials for foam insulation and our FILMTEC eco membranes for water applications. Our Building and Construction business achieved a record quarterly operating EBITDA and our Coating Materials business once again delivered volume growth through expanded market participation in both new grades of emulsions and rheology modifiers. This was offset, however, by declines in the energy sector which negatively impacted sales in Dow Microbial Control and Dow Oil, Gas and Mining along with continued and industrywide trough-like conditions in acrylic monomers. Turning to slide 11, Performance Materials and Chemicals operating EBITDA grew 28% year-over-year and EBITDA margin expanded nearly 600 basis points as the benefits of our productivity actions, focused price/volume management and lower costs continued to positively impact the bottom line. Demand is strong for products in our core chains including integrated chlorine, polyurethanes and EO derivatives. The chlorine envelope is showing recovering EBITDA performance and stable EBITDA margins due to our productivity gains following a weaker first quarter. And finally, Performance Plastics achieved a new second quarter operating EBITDA record of $1.2 billion, up 15% year-over-year on strong demand. Dow Packaging and Specialty Plastics and Dow Elastomers both delivered record EBITDA levels with strong year-over-year volume growth reflecting our market focus and the success of innovative products like HYPERTHERM and Pack Expert. The quarter was also another proof point on our feedstock strategy as our flexibility provided a healthy earnings tailwind in the quarter. Now Id like to take a minute to update you on our pending Chlor-alkali and Derivatives divestiture with Olin on slide 13. In the quarter we surpassed a number of key transaction hurdles including all antitrust clearances as well as the favorable private letter ruling from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service which we received last week. The value of the consideration that Dow will realize is approximately $5.5 billion and is approaching $9 billion on a pre-tax equivalent basis. Upon completion of this transaction it is our intention to execute a split allowing us to retire in excess of $2 billion in Dow shares. In addition, at the close of the transaction, which remains on track for the fourth quarter, our cash balance will improve by $1.3 billion, our debt will go down by $1.6 billion with a further $500 million reduction in our pension liabilities. The finalized values of course will be updated at the close of the transaction. Before I turn the call over to Andrew, let me provide you with a brief outlook of our financial expectations heading into the third quarter. We see an overall macro environment which supports volume growth, balanced by ongoing currency and price headwinds across most of our businesses. Our productivity actions are gaining momentum, essentially offsetting inflation. And we also expect a year-over-year increase in turn-around costs in the third quarter, as well as increased Sadara spending as we approach first product start-up. More detail regarding our modeling guidance and our ethane propane supply/demand outlook as well as the return of our popular and often asked for macroeconomic heat map can be found in the appendix of the presentation. And now Id like to turn it over to Andrew for an update on our outlook as well as our key earning drivers in 2015 and beyond. Andrew?
Andrew Liveris: Yes. Thank you, Howard. Our overall outlook is on slide 15, and if you go through the points, global growth remains volatile and uncertain despite a growth in some economies. And our overall global GDP [audio gap] is approaching around 3%. Now the U.S. remains the one consistent bright spot and our view is that the consumer has begun to spend some of those lower oil price bonuses with our order loading remaining strong as we enter Q3. China remains a mixed bag; a very solid Q2 for us is not necessarily a harbinger of Q3, but note that we have targeted our products and our product mix to sectors that are truly domestically driven, like automotive and construction, and we see good growth in those areas. Volatility and softness do prevail in other sectors. Western Europe remains a positive for Dow with further [ph] demand despite the situation that unfolded in Greece. And emerging markets are all strong with the exception of Brazil. And Dow has positive exposure to all of these growing markets, nearly 35% of total revenue, and we see decent demand in places like Southeast Asia, the Middle East, India, and Eastern Europe. Overall we are growing where growth is. Thats our strategy and our execution is very focused on growing share of demand in those markets, which for us means true value growth. We are doing this predicated on the assumption that the world economy will remain in its current volatile condition and we have to find growth while continuing to focus on productivity and our key projects. So turning to slide 16, this brings me to our earnings growth drivers, both in the second half of this year and beyond. Our discipline and our emphasis on EVA, and portfolio management continued to release further value and are driving higher rewards for our shareholders. As Howard showed, we are very milestone driven, with now 11 straight quarters in a row of strong earnings performance. And our key enterprise growth projects are beginning to start up over these next six months with our first units coming online in Texas and Sadara beginning its start-up in Saudi Arabia. Our low-cost integration strategy will be even further enhanced with these new assets coming online. In addition our strong technology pipeline is in full swing and is yielding end demand material in AgroScience Solutions such as ISOCLAST, EVOQUE, INFUSE, BETAMATE, Arylex, VORALUX and many, many more at a rate of 5,000 new products per year. Our innovation program is producing bottom line results with more than a third of our EBITDA tied to innovation. And we have nearly completed our divestiture program. AgroFresh is on track to close within the coming weeks, and as Howard said our Seminal [ph] Dow Chlorine Products transaction with Olin is on track for close in Q4. Last, completing our next six months drumbeat, our JV consolidation efforts remain very much in focus and we are actively addressing our two major joint ventures as we speak. You know 11 quarters is nearly three years. The pivot we made ahead of the market in 2012 was the core on a slowing and transforming China was to submit to a very different focus on how to achieve earnings growth in a slowing and more volatile world. Self-help through a focus on EVA, productivity and aggressive portfolio management has enabled this performance all the while funding our large integrated projects and our innovation program. We now have a portfolio thats built to last under all conditions that can grow volume and margins, can be upgraded in quality through aggressive portfolio management, has a pristine balance sheet with all the pre-mentioned new value drivers about to become tail winds. And all with a disciplined focus on shareholder remuneration through share buy-backs and dividend increases. In sum, this drumbeat of execution and discipline, based on our Board approved and management aligned strategy, continues to deliver higher earnings growth, drive strong cash flows and is fueling higher rewards for our shareholders. Dow team will continue to deliver quarter in, quarter out as we have done for these last many quarters. With that, Jack, lets turn to Q&A.
Jack Broodo: Thank you, Andrew. Now we will move on to your questions. First however I would like to remind you that my comments regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Rochelle, would you please explain the Q&A procedure?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Well take our first question from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. Andrew, very strong first half for ethylene and polyethylene. Whats your expectation for the back half of the year in terms of reduced Agis [ph] and potentially some lower polyethylene prices off the lower oil prices?
Andrew Liveris: Yeah, look, operating rates, David, are strong on the derivatives and on the crackers. You know theres a lot of aged fleet out there. And we certainly had some of our own outages in the quarter. And we achieved the results you saw despite that. With the age of the fleet, unexpected outages are out there as a harbinger of constrained supply. Theres not a lot of new supply coming on as a consequence with GDP around 3%. And lets say that the global ethylene growth rate is a multiple of GDP, somewhere between 1.1 and 1.5. Its very hard to call them in 90 day slots, but we will see some price slippage with the oil prices staying low and continuing to have a full cost that keeps it low, but you know all of us are reading the same sort of material. But I would tell you that this snugness, this potential for outages, we have a price increase for polyethylene in August. We had one in June. It does speak to the tightness in a pre-cycle run-up that weve been talking about for some time.
David Begleiter: Very good. And, Howard, just on equity earnings, they were up year-over-year and sequentially. Can you discuss what drove that and what were the Sadara start-up costs sequentially? What was the impact in Q2 versus Q1 from Sadara?
Howard Ungerleider: Yeah. Good morning, David. So yeah, youre right, equity earnings were up. They were up about $46 million versus same quarter a year ago, about $100 million sequentially. What really drove the year-over-year was the naphtha chain margins with our tied JVs and sequentially we saw a little bit of a boost there as well as increased earnings from our Kuwaiti JVs. But actually if you look at it on a first half over first half, we got no help from equity earnings. First half the equity earnings were actually down about $37 million. Relative to Sadara, we dont release the actual number but I would say it was in line, Q2 was in line with Q2 costs. So that will ramp as we head into the back half of the year.
Operator: And next well hear from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Thanks, and good morning to everyone. Andrew, Im just trying to get a sense sort of where you are in terms of your outlook today versus three months ago. Are you feeling better? Are you feeling about the same? And I guess maybe you could put that in perspective with sort of the performance of the consumer in the infrastructure segments during the quarter. Was it uniform throughout the three months of the quarter or was there some months better than others, did you finish stronger? And how are things trending so far in the third quarter?
Andrew Liveris: Yeah, I think  thank you very much, Vincent. I think theres no question that the six months is a better read on the go-forward economy than three month slices. If you look at sequential numbers, actually Building Construction for example was up sequentially and stayed strong, and I made note of that in my prepared remarks as well as on the TV interviews today, that Building Construction and Automotive are doing quite well in the global economy, especially in North America or U.S. particularly and Europe. But theres some headwinds that we have seen that became bigger headwinds in Q2, mostly in and around our Performance Monomers unit which as you know gets tagged along with Coatings. Coatings itself did very well. Performance Monomers continues to be oversupplied. So thats specific to that little  that business; not a little business, a big business. And then Energy and Water, Water did well but Energy, the oil and gas market itself as you know with low oil prices is quite depressed. So if you pull those numbers out of there and make a statement around the whole company, Performance Materials end use demand, Performance Plastics end use demand, and then consumer and infrastructure trending in the right direction in terms of global demand. And again I made a big point of saying we have built a portfolio that has targeted demand drivers. In other words, were no longer a vanilla commodity supplier. We are targeted now in use. Our China numbers are a good example of that. Our volumes in China are up despite everyone thinking China is softer down. Where we play in China is where Chinas needs are domestically driven such as Automobiles, Construction, and frankly water and food safety and all those things that are drivers. So look, I havent really changed. We havent changed our outlook from three months ago. I think different parts of the portfolio will play in 90 day slices, but we are still trending. Weve had seven quarters in a row of year-on-year volume growth in the company. Thats a big statement under all these conditions quarter-to-quarter. Were structurally hedged as our prepared remarks  I think Howard said in his prepared remarks.
Vincent Andrews: And just as a follow-up, you mentioned the Sadara cost ramping in the back half of the year. How should we think about them going into next year? Because Im just thinking, I think you had four plants starting up this year and I think another 20 or 22 to complete over time. So its sort of the  is it sort of going to move in a straight line the way  from this years trend? Or does it level out? Or how should we think about it?
Howard Ungerleider: Yeah. Well give more details as the end of the year approaches, but the way I would think about it is Performance Plastic  first product which is at this point about 99% complete. First product will start to  is focused in Performance Plastics, right? So youll start to see the headwind in cost in Performance Plastics turn into a tailwind between now and the end of the year. That will ramp the  the cost headwind though will ramp in Performance Materials because those products will be starting to launch in 2016.
Operator: And next well move on to Frank Mitsch with Wells Fargo Securities.
Frank Mitsch: Hey. Good morning, gentlemen. Forgive me, I saw you two in concert last night, and with your results this morning it really is a beautiful day. So thank you so much for starting us off...
Howard Ungerleider: Did you just call Andrew Bono?
Frank Mitsch: Well...
Andrew Liveris: Leave it alone. Go ahead, Frank.
Frank Mitsch: Hey, honestly with these results you are a rock star, Andrew. Hey, how  explain to me how your Performance Plastics business had volumes of 5%, 9% ex-hydrocarbons and energies. I mean I would have thought last year you were running pretty much flat out. Whats going on in that business?
Andrew Liveris: Well, remember, theres a fairly large rebound going on in Europe, Frank, that I  Western Europe, and overall for the company our Western Europe results have been pretty, pretty strong. And we did a couple things in Europe that gave us even more competitive advantage and enabled us to take share and really pump up those operating rates even higher into their 90s. And thats because of our propane crack. I mean we have now got propane flexibility not just into Newson [ph] but also in Tarragona. Thats a big deal in terms of our end market cost competitiveness in Europe, and frankly enabled us to really gain share and run those assets even harder. And theyve been running very, very well. We did have some operating rate issues here in the United States with around some cracker trips that we just basically had to cope with throughout the quarter that actually was a higher  a little bit of a cost flip for us. But still operating rates were in the high 80s early 90s. So look, when you run this, I said around the earlier question, when you run them this hard you stand the chance of being  tripping out not just our assets, everyone elses assets. But our reliability and our manufacturing people are doing a bang-up job in running our assets more reliable and getting more asset capability out of them as a result, and as a consequence of that weve had this volume growth that you pointed out.
Frank Mitsch: I thoroughly agree in terms of the potential for unplanned outages when everybodys running their assets so hard. So just hope its not you and you just expanded on that. On the propane flexibility side, youve quietly kind of improved your exposure, your ability to crack propane. Where do you stand right now in North America and where do you stand in Europe on the propane flexibility?
Andrew Liveris: Yeah. So the U.S. number is around 67%, close to 70. And Europe is around 55% to 60%.
Operator: And next well move onto Jeffrey Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Hi. Thanks very much. I think in the first quarter you said that your equity income would be down in the second quarter. And it turns out to be strongly up. What was the thing that was unexpected that happened in the quarter and do you expect these sorts of numbers to be sustainable?
Howard Ungerleider: Yeah, Ill take the first part of your question first. I mean what surprised us on upside was the strength of the naphtha chain margins. We knew they were going to come up. We didnt expect for them to come up as strongly as they did. And the Sadara spending was actually a little bit better than we expected it to be as well.
Andrew Liveris: And double up, Howard, the naphtha point really came home with Thailand
Howard Ungerleider: Exactly right.
Andrew Liveris: Thai JVs really had a great year-over-year quarterly comparison that may not be sustainable for the back half but certainly in the comparison for Q2 was very strong.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: How much was the benefit from propane cracking both in the United States and elsewhere this quarter versus either the first quarter or last year at this time? How much did that benefit your EBITDA?
Howard Ungerleider: Yeah, Jeff, I would say were not going to give you an exact number, but what we can say is it was well north of $100 million. And dont, also dont forget the Andrew point that we did also have some unplanned events which were probably in the range of $50 million, maybe slightly higher than $50 million. So thats  at least I give you a couple of points to titrate from.
Operator: And next well move on to P.J. Juvekar of Citi.
P.J. Juvekar: Yeah. Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning.
P.J. Juvekar: So in this tough Ag environment, there is a lot of consolidation that is being attempted. Would you be a buyer or a seller of assets here? And sort of can you differentiate your comments between crop chemicals and seeds? Thank you.
Andrew Liveris: Yeah, look, certainly the last few months that questions becoming top of mind for a lot of people given the obvious Monsanto Syngenta discussion. As you know, P.J., as everyone on this call Im sure has heard, weve been very consistent value growers of Ag. And we have a strength not just in Crop Protection and our integrated Chemistry business there and all the launches that I even had on the prepared remarks, Arylex, ISOCLAST, et cetera, but also we are a very strong trait developer. And that Enlist permit approval for Contesta [ph] and soy E3 was a big deal that Howard talked about that just came yesterday for the soy market in China. As you know, well play big in soy. So we have two very large value drivers. If you look at the value of the buyout of Dow Lanco [ph] in the late 90s, we had an Ag business worth about $3 billion based on that transaction. If you look at the multiples that are out there right now, we have taken that business and made it basically somewhere near a $20 billion to $25 billion business. We doubled the value in the last five years. We can double it again in the next five. But consolidation and this integration between crop chemistry and traits and germplasm, were a big believer in. Thats what Enlist, Enlist Duos all about. So we understand whats going on out there in this round of consolidation. And as I said on TV this morning, well be at the table and we could go either way depending on what creates the most value for our shareholders.
P.J. Juvekar: All right. Thank you for that. And just in Ag on the near term, you talked about missed applications by farmers in June due to rains. Can you get that back in July? And what does that mean for inventories going forward? Thank you.
Andrew Liveris: Look, its going be tough. I mean I would tell you that, and I think Howard had it in the prepared remarks, what keeps us expanding margins is our new product introductions, so thats the differentiator for Dow. But the market, high inventories, currency headwinds, economic issues in Argentina, highly competitive product and pricing environment, this is not going to  this is going to be a down year for AgroSciences as a market, and certainly for us in the second half its going be tough to maintain the year-over-year beats that weve had in the Ag business. Look, thatll clear itself out. I mean one year does not make an Ag driver, an Ag market, but its going to be tough to sustain it through the second half, given the conditions of the marketplace.
Operator: And next well hear from Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Bob Koort: Hey. Good morning. Its actually Brian Maguire on for Bob today.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning.
Bob Koort: I see in the appendix it looks like your global operating rate ticked up to 84%; looks like it was the highest second quarter rate on that chart. Just wondering if that  what that means for your ethylene operating rates? And do you think were now at the point of the cycle where were firmly in that upcycle where prices arent really going to be set by marginal costs and we shouldnt really think about oil prices as driving the prices of ethylene and polyethylene going forward?
Andrew Liveris: Yeah. I think its a great astute observation. Ill kind of  probably answered it on an earlier question. Those ethylene operating rates and the potential for trips and outages like Frank Mitsch was also talking about really means that cycle dynamics are approaching. I mean we call them 2016 as up cycle opportunity based on non-outage driven demand. If theres outages youre going to get opportunities for price increases independent of the feedstock input. This is not yet a cycle discussion, but its starting to mimic one with outages. I think thats really what we saw in 1995, we need a historian on the phone, where supply outages really created a mini cycle on the up. But not a lot of new capacity. Not a lot of upside coming in terms of supply side. Decent demand around 3%. Youre going to be able to keep those operating rates into those pre-cycle dynamics. Remember though, were not a cycle story. Were structurally hedged to take low cost inputs and add value to the outputs. Were not a peanut butter over bread or toast plastics player anymore. Most of our product mix is very, very, very targeted and very, very up market value add.
Bob Koort: Okay. Thanks. And just as a follow-up, in the slides it also mentioned that youre still working on addressing your two major JVs; assume thats Dow Corning and then some of the Kuwaiti JVs. If you just maybe provide an update on how business trends are going in those businesses and whether those are businesses where youd like  where Dow would benefit from getting some more exposure?
Andrew Liveris: So the two major JVs are the obvious ones. Dow Corning is doing very, very well. Theyre coming back as the market comes back, and their base Silicones business is doing very well. Polysilicon still has got major issues, flat demand. The whole solar discussion between the U.S. and China and resolution to the Judy [ph] question has kept their demand suppressed. But look, overall I think theyre starting to recover like many of our Downstream businesses have begun to recover based on consumer pull, construction pull and the key drivers like transportation that I referenced in the Dow mix. Kuwait, look, Kuwait is a great low-cost producer and thats a big contributor of our equity earnings but it will swing compared with the commodity market with like oil pricing being a big driver there and like oil pricing is on a downward swing right now. Its an up and down business but of course what makes money over any condition is a slow cost. Weve already said were not going to continue to be investors in those businesses. Were going to be redirecting our resources through the value add, low cost integrated plays like Sadara for example.
Operator: And well hear from John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: Thank you. You mentioned your China strength was automotive and construction. And I can understand automotive. Construction seemed a little bit peculiar there. Whats driving that?
Andrew Liveris: No question, John. Its infrastructure spend. I was just in China. I mean, they pivot the big bubbles that they created in the housing market. Theyve pivot on really trying to figure a way to continue the economy to grow at a reasonably decent rate until they get strong domestic consumption, theyll be getting all of the good example. But in some not all areas as well. Theyre investing in upscaling their water treatment plant so our sales of water treatment products are going up. Thats also construction. So I would say its an infrastructure driver. We particularly saw it in our Performance Materials business as well in China not just our water business. The Water Performance Materials, mostly polyurethanes as well as of course the plastics points especially in packaging and specialty plastics and elastomers in transportation. These were all strong drivers and again very targeted. And not your normal housing construction spend.
Howard Ungerleider: And our Ag business was also...
John Roberts: [indiscernible]
Howard Ungerleider: Our Ag business was also up almost 10% on a volume basis versus a year ago in...
John Roberts: Thank you. And then you cant buy back stock until after the Olin distribution. But whats your thoughts on capital deployment again once we get past that milestone?
HowardUngerleider: Yeah. So weve got  we announced at our investor day last fall a $5 billion program. As you know we did $500 million in the first quarter prior to Olin transaction. If you use the current Dow and Olin share price that will be another $2 billion of the 4.5 that we have remaining. That would leave 2.5. And what weve said the way to think about it is that 2.5 will be done. Its an open program. 2015, 2016, 2017 is how you should think about it and well do it in line with our earnings growth as well as our portfolio.
Operator: And moving now well hear from Peter Butler with Glen Hill Investments.
Peter Butler: Good morning. Good morning.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning.
Peter Butler: Looking ahead, if this was the second quarter conference call in 2016, what would Andrew be talking about? What would be the Dow-related positives and negatives that would be highlighted in your conference call next year?
Andrew Liveris: Successful  hi, Peter. Good morning. Successful start-ups of PDH. Successful start-ups and, of course, producing positive EBITDA for Performance Materials mostly polyurethane as well as acrylic acids and reduced mostly in coatings. Successful start-up on the first units in Sadara by end of the year. The second quarter next year well have quite a few more. So headwind becoming tailwinds on the EBITDA line for the Sadara enterprise which is a big deal. Places [ph] relates to Plastics side. A very, very low cost Plastics coming out of those units which is very material to the cash flow projection of Sadara. And then of course continue recovery of the global economy and Dows operating rate starting to get mid-80s and beyond. Probably in the high 80s by then. That capacity then will be very important to us. Some other markets in some of our key businesses not the least on being Plastics giving us price power and more EBITDA coming from that. Our productivity program which well deliver on a run rate basis $300 million a year of cost savings. And then our new innovation launches and we have 5,000 of these a year right now, Peter, but we review the 50 at our board and our top 5 and their ability to produce bottom line impacts, well be highlighting those. And heres the punch line, there are going to be different ones every quarter. We have so many new innovations that we have a proliferation of new high margin products so our percent of PAM [ph] predicted sales is increasing as we speak, and so thats enabling higher margins. So thats just a snapshot and Im sure I could add more. Oh the closure of Olin. I shouldnt forget that one. Thats a biggie. Further realization of our JV consolidation strategy without being specific just to name a few others. And then well see where we are with the Ag business at that point in time as well.
Peter Butler: Yeah. Youve partially answered my follow-up but the full question would be obviously a companys key resources are people, financial resources and technology and does Dow see any major changes in any of these three inputs in the next year?
Andrew Liveris: Yeah. Look, for sure I answered probably the technology question. Remember that were in maxed cap of tier in terms of resource deployment this year and into next year. The market is asking us over and over about how youre going to deploy excess cash flows to the shareholder, and I repeat it, to the shareholder. Weve got funding of all of our organic growth programs including hiring of lots of new skills for our new portfolio. Weve hired 22,000 new people in the last five years, 12,000 of them are under the age of 30. Were making the generational change here at Dow and that will be very, very evident as we go into 2016 in terms of their ability to keep running this company over the next decade and beyond.
Operator: Next well hear from John McNulty with Credit Suisse.
John McNulty: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So the first one with regard to the second quarter heat map that you had put in the appendix. Theres certainly a lot more green on it than almost anything else. I guess any major pockets in terms of end markets whether its packaging or durables, industrials, et cetera, that youre seeing a noticeable change as you go into 3Q either to the positive or the negative side? Can you kind of walk us through your thoughts on that?
Andrew Liveris: Yeah. Look, thanks for referring to heat map. I was wondering if people would notice its return. Yeah. Look, I think the areas of agriculture which Ive already talked about and oil, oil-related fuel services and products that go into that like Dow microbial control, these are going  trending negative so Id put those into the negative category. Turning positive are the ones that Ive talked about which are packaging, construction, and automotive. Id say automotive has had a good run up here based on our technologies. The market itself may be looking pretty saturated but in terms of our position in the market our share of wallet thats turning positive. And Electronics as we see the pivot in products in the fablets as theyre called which is a smartphone tablet combination, new [indiscernible] technology, new product introductions we should start to see the display business coming more to the positive. The semiconductor business is already doing very well. Those are the ones that come top of mind. Do you have anything else?
Howard Ungerleider: No. You covered it. Thanks.
John McNulty: Great. And then just as a follow-up, I guess with propylene down as much as it is and other raws for some of your more specialized businesses also down, I guess, I was a little bit surprised to not see maybe a little bit more margin lift in areas like consumer solutions and even infrastructure solutions businesses. So can you walk us through how to think about that? Is it a timing issue or are there just other offsets that may be weighing on those businesses now whether its Performance Monomers weakness that youd highlighted or what have you?
Andrew Liveris: Yeah. Its the offsets to be very blunt. I mean, the acrylic acid and [indiscernible] business is way oversupplied and quite troubled with new capacity. And our strategy is very clear. Were converting more and more of that into coatings. Coatings actually had a very good sequential quarter and were doing quite well on our coatings business. But Performance Monomers is just too much of it that supplied into a commodity like market. Well get a bit of help with PDH coming on for that business but it wont help the supply demand balance. Thats a major upset and Ive already mentioned the energy business.
Operator: And next well hear from Don Carson with Susquehanna Financial.
Don Carson: Yes. Andrew, I want to go back to your Ag comments. Youve said in the past youre willing to be an investor in Ag. I guess question is, is how big because seed businesses could be expensive and, I guess, they could also complicate potential joint venture discussions as well. So how much capital would you be willing to put into the Ag business to grow it?
Andrew Liveris: Yeah. Look we have been very clear that were not spenders in big M&A and thats a very important question in terms of resource deployment. As we go narrow and deeper in key markets, I think, whats going to have to happen here is well look at the opportunity to play up or play down in the Ag space and make a resource decision based on the playing up or playing down. So its less about the absolute amount and more about our resource deployment priorities which our shareholder remuneration and organic growth and small volume M&A. So thats going to factor into our conversation there without revealing our hand at this point in time.
Don Carson: And then a follow-up on Ag. Youre down about 10% year-over-year in the first half on EBITDA. How much of that is due to Brazil, and when do you see Brazil turning? You made comments that you think this excess pipeline is continuing rather than shrinking.
Andrew Liveris: Yeah. Look, it wasnt as much Brazil in the first half. It was really Europe and the weather situation and commodity prices through the oversupply, mostly here in the U.S., but warehouses are full. The Brazil factor will really play in the second half. And that, of course, the oversupply issue will hurt the ability to obviously reduce as much or plant as much and produce as much as we would normally see in the season. So, look, I think Brazil and Argentina, dont forget Argentina, will loom large in the second half comparisons as I said earlier.
Operator: And next well move on to James Sheehan with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
James Sheehan: My question, just wondering about some of the strength in your Performance Materials. You noted polyurethanes demand was quite strong. Could you talk about some of the drivers there? I know youve done a lot of work internally. What are you seeing on the macro front in polyurethanes?
Andrew Liveris: Well, theres two major macros, one on the supply side, which is  obviously there was major competitor outages that enabled us to expand margins because of supply shortages. That will disappear in the second half. But the demand side of it, as I mentioned already on China, we started up a new poly-all [ph] plant in Thailand and thats a specialty poly-all [ph] plant that fed the Chinese market and started up and its flat out right now. So it is demand and its in demand in the areas I mentioned like construction and bedding and furniture, which is local consumption, back to the domestic drivers in China, but also our competitive position here on propylene in the United States, which means we can run the PO chain flat-out which is one of the other reasons. Isocyanates remains challenged, in particular TDI. But look, demand and tight supply especially in the PO chain.
James Sheehan: Thanks. And on slide 19 youve got some interesting supply-demand balances in NGLs. Just wondering if you could comment on the propane outlook for the second half. Do you think prices have reached a bottom here, or do you see continued tailwinds in the propane area?
Andrew Liveris: I think propane fundamentals remain bearish, so weve been actually pretty consistent in saying that. I think Ive given Mr. Broodo accolades a few times on this comment in the last several quarters and I would do it again. When he was running the hydrocarbons group, we  full share [ph] of this several years ago, which is why  excuse me, we ended up spending the capital we did to convert over to propane flex. I think theyre going to stay fundamentally a tailwind for us for the next many quarters if not many years, and that also applies to butane by the way.
Operator: And next well move on to Duffy Fischer with Barclays.
Duffy Fischer: Yes. Good morning, guys. In the acrylic acid chain, sitting at trough, where do you worry about that kind of infecting some of the downstream derivatives, or do you think those are pretty well walled off and it wont kind of infect its way down into the chain?
Andrew Liveris: Yeah, it depends on your strategy, I think. Theres no question that if youre going in a more commodity-like  emotions, F as in [ph] emotions, youre going to see some price knock-on effect. It wont be walled off to use your term [indiscernible], but certainly the strategy of Coatings is being innovation-led. And if you look at their work to be with the winners, end-use customers who are making a difference in premium Coatings, whether it be architectural or nonresidential, youd see that that strategys working. I think weve got margin growth going on differentiation that is walling off the upstream, if you like, oversupply effect, and that strategy has been deliberate. Its been hard to get there, but we have and weve got sales of new commercial grades of [indiscernible] is a good example of new product launches in the Coatings business.
Duffy Fischer: Great. And then if we could just jump back to Ag, kind of on the strategic side. If the Monsanto Syngenta deal happens, do you think that forces either the industry or yourselves to do moves, or would the industry be able to continue to compete kind of as-is, even if Monsanto and Syngenta did come together?
Andrew Liveris: Well, I think it would force other moves. I dont think  I think the whole consumption base to pharma [ph] is going to look at that and say, we need some alternatives here. This creates an incredible company should it combine which speaks to its integrated strategy which were a fan of and weve been a fan of as I mentioned earlier.
Operator: And well move on to Hassan Ahmed with Alembic Global.
Hassan Ahmed: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning, Hassan.
Hassan Ahmed: Obviously very interesting slides in the ethane and propane supply demand side of things and obviously in this quarter you benefited a fair bit from cheaper propane. As I look at those slides, you obviously have the ethane surplus coming down quite steeply by the end of the decade. Obviously, in my mind thats partly some exports and to a large extent ethylene [ph] firstly coming online in the U.S. But along the same time horizon propanes rising quite steeply as well in terms of surpluses. So can you give us your views about this interplay between ethane and propane going forward?
Andrew Liveris: I think it does speak to the earlier question, Hassan, on maximizing propane flex and especially in market Europe which weve done and here in the United States keeping our fleet able to flip within a day or two between ethane and propane on the in the moment decision or the balanced decision which you just talked about. As this comes to pass and I think wed all look at that ethane supply-demand balance one and say grain of salt. I dont think the market will let that happen based on the other consumption of lets call it low carbon fuel in the United States. Remember, natural gas is a preferred fuel for low carbon emissions as you start to look at that from a carbon emissions point of view, you can see more of the power fleet going over to natural gas with time. So there will be natural gas production. Well all be dry. Probably not. Especially the shale gas. So Id say that interplay is something weve strategically invested for. The way we have pure naphtha crackers left is really only the Taiwan and pretty much our Dow central Germany facility. But  well look at that from a propane point of view both of them very strongly. But were okay on the [indiscernible] propane in a mix and in a balance on how we can manage it. Were probably one of two or three who can do it.
Howard Ungerleider: One more point on that is, is that propanes going put a lid on ethane. Theyre going to compete for a cracker to get in the cracker and so theres competitive economics between them.
Hassan Ahmed: Fair enough. As a follow-up to that, obviously the next step to this is your very long propane over here. Youre cracking more and more propane over here. So obviously producing more propylene co-product, right? So propylene partly goes into over supply because of sort of more propylene co-product coming on stream here. And then if global utilization rates pick up as well that means naphtha based ethylene or breaking [ph] rates go higher which means again further exacerbation of the propylene side of things. So now with that in mind assuming for a second propylene is massively oversupplied, I mean, that would mean higher ethylene prices as well, right, because you will not be getting as much propylene co-product credit as you historically would. Is that fair?
Andrew Liveris: Very fair. Very fair.
Hassan Ahmed: Excellent. Thank you, Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Good job.
Hassan Ahmed: I try.
Operator: And at this time we have no further time for questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Jack Broodo for any additional or closing remarks.
Jack Broodo: We appreciate your time today. Andrew, would you like to make some closing comments?
Andrew Liveris: Yeah. I just like to repeat that this Dow is now there are 11 quarters of execution, seven straight quarters of volume growth year-on-year, 11 quarters of EPS growth and EBITDA growth. So volume, margin, self-help, portfolio management, aggressive portfolio management, the closure of the Olin deal here in the next few months, our big projects coming online and our balance sheet in great shape. Weve never ever had such high quality earnings. In fact, this EBITDA margin we havent seen since the bubble economy of 2005. And so if you think about this, this companys quality of earnings, and all of the things in front of us, the approval of Enlist and launching that is a big product launch next year, and of course, Sadara and gulf stream our big Texas assets and buy-backs. Shareholder buy-backs and shareholder dividend increases, this is the company that we have and you can count on us to keep delivering these quarters.
Jack Broodo: Thank you, Andrew. We appreciate your questions today. As always we appreciate your interest in the Dow Chemical Company. For your reference, a copy of our prepared comments will be posted on Dows website later today. This concludes our call for today. We look forward to speaking with you again soon.
Operator: And that will conclude todays call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Dow Chemical Companys First Quarter 2015 Earnings Results Conference Call. Todays call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Jack Broodo. Please go ahead, sir.
Jack Broodo: Good morning and welcome. Im Jack Broodo, Vice President of Investor Relations. As usual, we are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of the Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dows express written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dows Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Howard Ungerleider, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. At 7:00 AM this morning, April 23, our earnings release went out on business wire and was posted on the internet on dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are posted on our webcast and through the link to our website. Some of our comments today include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimates, and we dont plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If youd like more information on the risks involved with forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments reference non-GAAP financial measures, a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and on our website. Unless otherwise specified, all comparisons presented today will be on a year-over-year basis. Sales comparisons exclude divestitures and hydrocarbons and energy, EBITDA, EBITDA margins, return on capital, and earnings comparisons exclude certain items. On Slide 3, some of our comments may also contains statements about our announced agreement to separate a substantial portion of our chlor-alkali and downstream derivatives business and merger with a subsidiary of Olin Corporation. In connection with that transaction Dow and Olin will be filing with the SEC filing materials with the SEC that will contain important information and we advice you read them. These filings will be available free of charge from the SEC or Dow or Olin is applicable. The agenda for todays call is on Slide 4. I will now turn the call over to Howard Ungerleider.
Howard Ungerleider: Thank you, Jack, and good morning, everyone. Turning to Slide 5, the first quarter of 2015 proved to be yet another strong quarter for Dow. Our results clearly demonstrate the consistency with which our strategic agenda and our focus on execution are driving higher and more predictable earnings. We remained firmly on our growth trajectory or fact that you can see across multiple fronts. This marks our 10th consecutive quarter of year-over-year operating EPS, EBITDA and margin growth. The strength of our portfolio enabled Dow to deliver operating earnings of $0.84 a share. Operating EBITDA was $2.4 billion, four out of our five operating segments delivered earnings growth in the quarter. Dow automotive systems achieved an all time EBITDA record and Dow electronic materials, our energy and water, our Polyurethanes and our packaging and specialty plastics businesses each achieved first quarter EBITDA records. EBITDA margins expanded to the highest levels since 2005 its up 284 basis point versus the year-ago period. Performance plastics, performance materials and chemicals, infrastructure solutions and consumer solutions all drove margin expansion in the quarter. Our results illustrate that we were focused and we executed. We delivered operating cash flow of $1.2 billion of first quarter record and up more than $660 million, we return $977 million to shareholders and declared dividends and repurchases, and we made further progress against our portfolio management targets most notably to the signing of the definitive agreement to divest our chlorine products bringing the total of our portfolio actions well above our stated targets. Were proud of the performance that company delivered in the phase of 49% year-over-year drop in oil price combined with the 15% year-over-year euro headwinds. Its clear that this not the commodity driven Dow Chemical from a decade ago. This business model successfully navigated the fast moving market dynamics with catalyst that will further propel our growth. Ill provide an update on these in a moment. But first lets take a closer look at our operating results in the quarter. Turning to Slide 6, revenue was $12.4 billion, the solid demand for Dow products across all geographic regions excluding divestitures with particular strength in our merging geography most notably China, which was up 10%. Volume increases were led by performance plastics up 6% and performance materials and chemicals and consumer solutions both up 5% despite 15% price declines at the company level, primarily due to significant oil in currency headwinds. Lets turn to the segment highlights on Slide 8. Ag Sciences delivered sales of nearly $1.9 billion in EBITDA of $409 million. These results as expected reflected more normalized weather conditions in the first quarter versus last year. From a macro perspective crop protection sales trended with the industry across most regions except for Asia-Pacific, where we drove double-digit volume gains reflecting in part sales of a new rice herbicide, although pricing was down due to currency. We continue to gain traction from the launch of new products. In fact demand for new Dow Ag Sciences products was up 7%. In addition we received preliminary approval on the registration of our Enlist soybeans and corn in Brazil with final approval for commercialization pending. We also have secured approval for Enlist E3 in Argentina. Additionally, the EPA has approved Enlist Duo in nine additional key corn and soybean producing U.S. states and regulatory approvals are pending for Enlist cotton. Were in the process of a stewarded introduction in the U.S. corn this year and expect the full commercial launch following approvals in China. We remained focused on delivering this key technology platform to serve the global farmer customer base and were working to bring it to market as soon as possible. In the near-term Greater China demand continues to drive growth. North America is currently operating with high levels of channel inventories, Latin America is facing some potential economic headwinds and Western Europe growth appears modestly positive with year-over-year weather comparisons normalizing in the second quarter. We remained confident in our technology and expect on our margins to improve. However, acreage and commodity prices continue to be a challenge. Turning to consumer solutions on Slide 9, this segment delivered record EBITDA based on the strength of differentiated products and Dow innovation. Double-digit sales gains were reported in North America with broad-based volume growth across all three businesses. Dow electronic materials led the way with the double-digit volume increased, followed by consumer care and Dow Automotive, sale gains were also reported in Latin America. Let me briefly cover the businesses. Automotive Systems delivered record EBITDA performance. The business is benefiting from auto industry trends toward lightweighting as well as a preference for larger premium vehicles driven in part by lower oil prices. These vehicles tend to feature both more and the higher margin Dow materials. As a result, we achieved margin expansion as key customers continue to increase adoption of our differentiated technologies such as our BETAMATE structural adhesives. Dow Electronic Materials EBITDA was also a new first quarter record, with margin expansion driven by product mix upgrades. The strength of our technologies in electronic sector was recognized by a number of key customer wins across the business. We also reported strong top line performance in semiconductor in both our CMP and litho markets. Notably MSI a key figure that we track for semiconductor growth is forecasted to be up nearly double GDP in 2015. In consumer care, food and pharma sales remained flat overall, but excluding the currency the business grew particularly in Dow pharma and food solutions, we saw expansion through sales of unique and differentiated products. Operating rates are running high in this segment, and we expect to continue to increase sales in the home and personal care sectors due to raising consumer demand and new customer applications. Looking ahead to the second quarter, we expect margin in this operating segment will improve on an increased consumer demand. Moving to infrastructure solutions on the Slide 10, where similar innovation driven performance is delivering solid EBITDA expansion. Sales were $1.8 billion and EBITDA grew 10% to $295 million. In energy and water solutions, we expect continued growth at 2 to 3 times the rate of GDP with strength in our water business offsetting weakness in North American energy markets. This can be seen in the double-digit demand growth in our reverse osmosis business in the quarter. Lower oil values coupled with the decline in the energy exploration and fracking from 2014 levels have impacted Dow microbial control. However, our expert consultancy model combined with our regulatory position in the oil and gas sectors is enabling us to grow share. And Dow building a construction our differentiated products has contributed to global margin expansion as well as growth outside the U.S. in new applications. North America continues to be the demand driver for this business. Dow coating materials reported volume growth driven by EMEAI and Asia-Pacific versus the prior year. These volume gains along with value-based pricing actions and improved raw material margins drove EBITDA growth in the quarter. Looking ahead we expect that the North America will lead global coatings growth due to an improving housing market. Performance Monomers continues to experience trough like conditions in the acrylates market, though we expect improvement in this business toward the second half of the year with more globally competitive U.S. propylene market pricing. From an equity earnings perspective results from Dow Chlorine was slightly up overcoming currency headwinds. But the infrastructure solutions segment we expect margins to remain flat sequentially as the building season ramps up in our new applications and technologies offset continued headwinds from acrylates. Turning to Slide 11, performance materials and chemicals reported sales of $3.2 billion and delivered EBITDA of $535 million excluding divestitures, which is up 4% versus last year and represent the fourth consecutive quarter of year-over-year EBITDA growth and margin expansion. Polyurethanes delivered a record first quarter EBITDA driven by a combination of volume gains and margin expansion as the business continues to make progress focusing on their defined markets as well as developing customer tailored solutions through our system house capabilities in the consumer comfort and energy efficiency sectors. Ongoing selfhelp productivity actions will also continue contributing to margin expansions in the coming quarters. Epoxy also continues to improve with double-digit volume growth particularly in differentiated product lines as well as the continued productivity focus. Industrial solutions reported margin expansion with improving demand toward the end of the quarter. EBITDA is up versus the same quarter last year on the core businesses though it was offset by lower equity earnings and the divestiture of both ANGUS and the Sodium Borohydride businesses. Overall we expect prices to stabilize in this operating segments and margins to reflect strengthening demand. Turning now to Slide 12, performance plastics reported sales of $4.3 billion down 11% verus the prior year excluding hydrocarbons and energy. EBITDA was $985 million up 2% in marking the 11th consecutive quarter of operating EBITDA growth and EBITDA margin expansion. Packaging and specialty plastics posted a record first quarter EBITDA performance driven by strong year-over-year volume growth across all geographies as well as in the hygiene and medical and food packaging sectors. Operating rates are running high in every geography. Elastomers delivered the highest EBITDA since 2012, and nearly 60% year-over-year increase results were particularly strong in the transportation sector. Volume also improved to our show-up actions in new consumer durable products. For example, INFUSE Olefin Block Copolymers set a volume record in part due to attraction in the high end footwear sector. Electrical and Telecommunications had a major turn around in the quarter which impacted volume comparisons demand continues to be healthy particularly in North America weakness was seen in EMEAI and Asia-Pacific due to very aggressive competitive pricing actions. At a segment level we expect prices to move up on strong demand for our high value products. Looking at Slide 13, let me briefly cover our modeling guidance. Lets begin with the second quarter. We expect year-over-year demand growth in most businesses with pricing momentum building through the year. We expect raw material cost remains favorable year-over-year with stable natural gas, oil based cost may rise. Equity earnings will continue to be down year-over-year due primarily to Sadara cost as we ramp the first product later in the year. Cost will be $75 million to $100 million headwind year-over-year in the second quarter. After buying back $500 million in Dow stock in Q1 our buyback program is now restricted until the close of the Olin transaction which is anticipated by year-end. So we expect second quarter share count to remain flat with the first quarter. Turnaround costs were expected to be higher by $75 million to $100 million sequentially and relatively flat year-over-year. And for the full year 2015, we will continue to move forward on our productivity program with a goal of $300 million in savings expected ramping through the year. Pension expense is still expected to increase slightly more than a $100 million for the year, we expect the $400 million to $600 million impact on EBITDA due to currency. CapEx will be approximately $3.9 billion for the year and we still expect the tax rate in the 25% to 28% range. Next, Id like to review progress against our key commitments on Slide 15. Weve been transparent ensuring the actions, weve been proactively taking to further drive our enterprise into the premiere chemical materials and agricultural company that it is today. For example, late last year, we increased our divestiture target to $7 billion to $8.5 billion and then we expected to achieve that target by mid-2016. With the actions announced this quarter, we have now outperformed this target and expect considerations from divestiture actions to now exceed a $11 billion. This quarter, we have completed both the ANGUS and the Sodium Borohydride transactions. And of course, just a few weeks ago, we announced the most significant action in the series. Our transaction with Olin to divest the substantial portion of our chlorine value chain. This transaction particularly with its tax efficient win-win structure will enable shareholders of both companies to benefit from the significant upside opportunity of the new Olin. From a Dow perspective, the transaction will enable us to continue our drive to grow in our higher value markets as we continue to go narrower and deeper with our portfolio. And we will enable the new Olin to become a first year competitor across the chlorine on below. The follow-up on previous announcements, we expect to receive final regulatory clearance to close some innovation transaction in early May, we anticipate the deal will close officially, immediately following this final approval. Once the Dow Chlorine products transaction along with our ongoing JV consolidation and de-consolidation activities including our colleague, joint ventures as well as a few other smaller portfolio moves are in place, well have completed our select out actions. Turning to Slide 16, as a result of these actions coupled with our targeted strategic growth investments, today Dow has the portfolio to better withstand volatility under most macro conditions. Over the last 10 years, weve been executing the significant portfolio shift with clear focus on delivering innovation driven growth, building in region leadership and targeted markets and driving more consistent performance, resulting in lower volatility and more predictable earnings. To further advance these efforts, we invested in a new ERP platform to more quickly and effectively respond to customers as well as providing end-to-end capability on a single instance across the globe. We completed the last phase of this implementation late last year. This powerful platform is also enabling us to remove costs that are made obsolete by our upgraded end-to-end platform. Recall at our Investor Day last fall  we committed to a new three-year $1 billion productivity drive. Our productivity efforts continue to center on cost out actions and doing more with the resources we have in place all to enable higher earnings. Were making steady progress to deliver on this objective, as we remove $57 million of cost in the quarter and well ramp to $300 million through the year. Our productivity focus also enabled us to produce the same volume year-over-year in the quarter despite more than $1 billion pounds of incremental capacity offline due to plan maintenance turnarounds versus Q1 of last year. We will make further announcements around the actions were taking in the coming quarters to deliver the $1 billion drive, so stay tuned. Looking ahead on Slide 17, our earnings performance coupled with our strengthened balance sheet and the growth catalyst that we have discussed provide us with confidence in our future cash flow. In the near-term, we expect our demand on cash to decrease as a result of three main factors. CapEx reverting to depreciation levels over the next three years. Reduction and pension expense associated with rising interest rates, as well as the conversion of our preferred shares. We also anticipate cash flow increases resulting for multiple drivers. The ramp up of our key catalyst Sadara in the U.S. Gulf Coast investments, which will have a collective $3 billion EBITDA run rate once fully operational. Our investments and innovation delivering 5,000 new products a year and driving higher margins, productivity, and of course, our operating leverage where every percent improvement in our operating rate adds approximately $200 million in annual EBITDA. And while were not counting on it, we do see an ethylene cyclical upside in front of us in the next few years. And finally, turning to Slide 18, with our earnings performance our strengthened balance sheet and the growth catalyst we discussed as well as our confidence in our future cash flow, I want to briefly recap our financial priorities. Drive further ongoing ROC improvement with a goal to return 3% above our cost of capital. Continue to enhance our capital structure and maintain our solid investment grade rating. Reward shareholders with a goal to remain in the range of our historical payout ratio of about 45% of our net income and continuing to invest for growth in our key markets through both the organic actions we have in motion as well as our ongoing JV consolidation and de-consolidation actions. In closing, that we emphasize the results we have been consistently delivering on the bottom line reflected delivered actions we have taken and well continue to take. Our focus remains on execution to drive a continued focus on productivity measures and to continue to position Dow for growth as well as increased shareholder remuneration. With that Jack, lets turn to Q&A.
Jack Broodo: Thank you, Howard. Now, well move on to your questions. First however I would like to remind you that our comments regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Rochelle, would you please explain the Q&A procedure?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question well hear from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. David Begleiter Thank you. Good morning, first in performance plastics very strong Q1 but given the turnaround costs in Q2. Can you improve earnings in this segment sequentially in Q2 was that just too big of a hurdle given the turnaround costs? Andrew Liveris Ill start that David, good morning. Look yes, performance plastics saw a lot of volatility in the quarter and clearly the moving on the inputs type of things turnarounds is the factor. The load on turnarounds is more evenly distributed this year. Q1 was actually higher than normal especially in performance plastics and performance materials. We are  we gave some guidance on that. But we believe that with input sort of stabilizing we should see good price momentum on performance plastics going into this quarter. Were seeing decent demand, still good decent demand. Post Chinese New Year as lot of a restocking going on in China that we saw through the end of March going into April, May. So frankly with that pick up you saw our China numbers by the way were up 10% year-on-year. Latin America we had decent volume numbers, in fact we had a decent volume quarter in performance plastics despite all that volatility based on product mix. So look I would say theres a smaller propane tailwind, but with price momentum. The turnaround factor shouldnt be there as much as you are indicating in your question. Howard Ungerleider Yes, I would also say David just currency will likely be a higher headwind for us in the second quarter year-over-year and dont forget Sadara costs will also be ramping. David Begleiter Understood. And just on Sadara, Andrew and Howard, what were the costs in Q1? And are we still on track for the full year $250 million headwind for Sadara? Andrew Liveris Yes. The short answer is were still on track that number is still valid, David. David Begleiter Thank you.
Operator: And next well move on to Frank Mitsch with Wells Fargo Securities. Frank Mitsch Good morning, gentlemen. And thank you for the clarifications youre expecting FX to be a higher hurdle in Q2 than Q1 what was the hurdle in Q1 in terms of bottom line and top line? Andrew Liveris Yes. It was about $600 million on the top line of price was currency and about a $160 million on the EBITDA line so around $0.10 EPS headwind. Congratulations on the Mets record, Frank. Frank Mitsch Thank you, thank you so much. We dont want to talk about it too much in public, in fear of jinxing it, so Howard Ungerleider I apologize. Frank Mitsch So one record announcement, congrats on a Q1 record in performance plastics as well. And then on just following up on currency, you seem to indicate the European demand seem to be getting a little bit better, can you expand upon that, please? Andrew Liveris What was the additive in front of demand, Frank. Frank Mitsch Seem to be getting a little bit better, if I read the release correctly and listened to what you were saying? Andrew Liveris Yes, absolutely. Like I indicated on CNBC this morning, going around the world, we see China demand, we see U.S. demand and both I would say good to strong for us, in terms of our product mix, remember targeted growth and then the beginnings of green shoots in Germany, The EU numbers werent too bad. Latin America is not great, but weve got good volumes down there. Its a volume/margin story, this whole quarter for us, whether its plastics, or our mix, were maximizing margin, minimizing the effect of the volatility on inputs. Howard Ungerleider Yes, Frank, we saw nice growth in Dow automotive and Dow coatings in Europe as well. Just to give you some more color. Frank Mitsch Thank you so much.
Operator: And next we will move on to Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs. Brian Maguire Hey, good morning. Its Brian Maguire on for Bob. Andrew, two quarters ago you said that lower oil would be a benefit for Dow, I guess we are seeing some of the signs of that, with the good volumes and better margins this quarter. But the oil moving backup, do you expect some of that benefit to go away or do you still see it being a pretty big net benefit for the company? Andrew Liveris Well, you know quite right in terms of what we said and also what we are seeing. At the end of the day we are not negatively impacted by low oil, rising oil price at the end of the day could be an indicator of global demand, which is positive for Dow. Consumer spending I think you have seen all the reports from all the consumer companies, its interesting to note that the U.S. consumer is actually pocketing most of the savings on gas and they are not spending more in terms of going to spend on consumables. They are spending little more on gasoline but I would tell you that still all small in front of us, in terms of low oil price demand. It really is our mix, with all the records we hit in the quarter, Dow automotive an all-time record, if you look at the electronic materials our first quarter record, or our energy and water business, our first quarter record, our polyurethanes business, our first quarter record. Our performance plastics, our first quarter record, its our mix. We have got the right products for this sort of growth in the demand environment around the world. Brian Maguire Okay, great. My follow-up, just the clarification when we heard you last on the Olin announcement, the chlor-alkali spin I think you mentioned that it would be accretive to EPS by about a nickel. Just clarifying is that inclusive of the ethylene deal that you signed with them and the kind of moratorium on share buybacks for the rest of this year? Howard Ungerleider Yes, definitely. Its all-in. Brian Maguire Okay, great, thanks. Howard Ungerleider Thank you.
Operator: And next, well move on to PJ Juvekar with Citi. PJ Juvekar Yes, hi, good morning. Andrew Liveris Good morning. PJ Juvekar And it seems like the speed with which oil prices declined, it was so rapid, that chemical prices havent adjusted fully. So you and couple other companies that have reported so far so big benefit. Im wondering if you can quantify the raw material benefits and if you think that could reverse in the second half. Andrew Liveris Well, firstly, oil went down 49% versus same quarter last year. Weve already talked about currency being a big headwind as well as the oil pricing effect. That accounted for most of our revenue decline. Holding on to price for us was less of a factor due to our differentiation. PJ, you should not see the Dow of old in our results. There is no way the Dow of old would have attained these results despite what you said about the lead/lag factor. As I said on CNBC morning that did not play into our results, our margin increases occurred in consumer businesses, in our infrastructure businesses and had nothing to do with raw material inputs. So Id like to squash that notion on the call. This is all about sell out we ran, very reliably we produced same amount of pounds with all the turnarounds out there. We improved productivity, but we sold up. We sold up in all these differentiated businesses. PJ Juvekar Thank you. And then secondly, you talked about realizing value in your Ag business. Andrew Liveris Yes. PJ Juvekar In the next round of consolidation. But given all the headwinds in the Ag, do you think those actions are likely to come a little later than expected? Thank you. Andrew Liveris Were investors in Ag, were investors in the Ag pipeline, we have been investing now for some years, actually about eight years. Were in the middle of our biggest product launches ever, not just Enlist, the Enlist platform, but a whole range of crop protection products. Our range of seeds pipeline is very, very robust. Weve always said we want that result to appear in our numbers going forwards, its beginning to appear. Our Ag results despite the weather conditions in the first quarter. As Howard indicated, our new product launches were up 7% year-on-year, in terms of revenue. So look, we want to see the full effect of that pipeline in the valuation of that business going forward, right now were investors.
Operator: And Mr. Juvekar, were you done with your questions? PJ Juvekar Yes, thank you. Andrew Liveris Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next, well move onto Jeff Zekauskas with JP Morgan. Jeff Zekauskas Hi, good morning. Andrew Liveris Hi, Jeff. Jeff Zekauskas Hi. In your slides you said that your pension funding may come down over time. Can you quantify that at all? Andrew Liveris Yes, sure, Jeff, good morning. Pension funding issue is going to be around an $850 million headwind and about a similar expense for the year. Were about our fully funded plans are about 80% funded today. But if you get a 100 basis point increase in the discount rate and one-year of expected return on the assets, we go to fully funded. So that would  that will take that 800 number down overtime pretty dramatically. It will take a few years to ramp down to that level because of the smoothing effect, but it will go down. Jeff Zekauskas Okay. And then secondly, your revenues were down about 15% in the quarter, but your SG&A costs were down 3.5%, and there is an emphasis on Dow on cost reduction. Are you satisfied with that number, or could you have done better? Or do you see SG&A is relatively high versus the sales decrease? Howard Ungerleider Well, as a CFO, Ill say Im never happy with our cost. I mean we always want to continue to drive our cost further down, but Im pleased that we delivered what we expected we would deliver I mean we took out over $35 million of R&D and SG&A. We also if you look at our headcount overall were doing more with less. So there was another $22 million of lower costs through headcount that dont flow through R&D and SG&A. So its not just in the R&D and SG&A line that were looking at our productivity. Andrew Liveris Yes. I mean the productivity is a never ending journey, Jeff, weve announced that $1 billion program over three years, we had movement in the quarter, Howard already spoke to it. So I wont speak to the specifics in the quarter. But you should expect us to keep ramping that productivity number up, up on the same asset based or smaller and a lower cost footprint especially post-DCP carveout. Once we fold DCP into Olin, you should expect us to get rid of stranded costs. Well have a lot more to say about that in the coming weeks and months. But look, you should be thinking about assets focusing precious resources of growth market. And therefore, getting out of low-end, low-return businesses ROC and EVA is our driver. Jeff Zekauskas Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: And well now like to hear from John Roberts with UBS. John Roberts Good morning, nice quarter. Andrew Liveris Thanks and good morning, John. John Roberts A lot of your capital spending is very long cycle. I think the 2017 cracker project was started back in 2010. So you have to be thinking now about any projects that you want to start up, really post-2018. Are we set up for maybe three years of low startup activity and high cash flow after these startups? Or  I'm trying to reconcile that, that the oil/gas ratio is still relatively high and still would justify investment back into the shale gas play here in the U.S.? Andrew Liveris John, the tee up to your question is the relevant one. I mean, we made the decision to move forward on Texas 9 as we calling that cracker in 2011 both time frame, that plus the big Saudi project, which was done a littler earlier in 2010 or 2011 timeframe were kind of countercyclical investments geared to start up, as we view them at about the right time in demand cycle thats going to come to pass, as we see in particular ethylene keeps in the 2016, 2018 timeframe. And not to mention the diversified product mix of Sadara is way beyond just plastics, its got a lot of performance materials and other downstream products in it. We believe the timing of that CapEx long cycle, as it is, is about right for the startups 2015 through 2017. Youre quite right then in your tee up we expect high cash flow yields in these next several years. We have the growth platform we need to grow, were maxing out on CapEx this year. As Howard said, we will be bringing that down to depreciation levels next several years. And were beginning to think in the out years of 2020 timeframe and beyond and were doing strategic reviews of that board of the next 12 to 18 months. But nothing announced nothing suggested in any of that Howards modeling guidance is the one to go with. John Roberts The preference to keep the mix of specialty basics or  I don't even know if you want to call it basics  but to keep performance plastics, let's say, as a segment in a certain range of the portfolio? Andrew Liveris Absolutely and remembering in the way you again teed up your question is helpful. When we are done with Sadara and the U.S. Gulf Coast investments when you fold in Canada and Argentina and all these other places, 70% of our ethylene footprint will be in top-decile, low jurisdictions. And so well be low-cost not just on ethane and but associated NGLs like propane, maximum propane flex, and of course liquids crackers to take the balance in there, especially in Europe. So we have always got a view to envelope spending and making sure that the low-cost inputs are matched by the high value outputs. And I have said many times that specialties and the value-add  as you saw in the quarter plus low-cost inputs and key integration like ethylene and propylene is how Dow makes money twice and we can make money and also to conditions. So yes, emphasis on the envelopes we call them at Dow; some call it integration. Some German companies call it baubude [ph ]. We are not abandoning that. We are very, very committed to stay in low-cost in the envelopes and doing value-add on the output. John Roberts Okay thank you.
Operator: And Peter Butler with Glen Hill Investment, have our next question. Peter Butler Good morning, good morning. Andrew Liveris Good morning. Peter Butler Dow is obviously integrated from raw materials to finished products, and this means you have Dow people on the ground in each of the steps along the way. So this means that your management should know the  your management knows the management at your customers and you sort of compare this to some of your competitors who regard foreign sales pretty much as dumping commodity products through distributors. So does this  could you expand on this a little, on the advantages that you have with having people on the ground in each one of the steps from raw materials to finished products. And it seems like, when you listen to Dow, you guys seem to be a lot more confident in your forecast than your competitors. I presume that this is a function of you just having better relationships with your customers. Andrew Liveris Yes. Peter, the way were thinking about at Dow and Howard talked about the this next level of efficiency and productivity and how we go-to-market channel efficiency based on a new IT platform plus local representation that combination is being driving up to be very connected to where growth is. This growth is no longer uniform, you cant do a peanut butter approach to growth, you cant spread the peanut butter evenly. So like our China numbers indicated to your point, we only have out of roughly 3,500 people, only a dozen ex-pats in China. Were local in China, our 500 scientists are local scientists. We know working with higher how to launch new products like PURINZE. PURINZE is the brand-new U.S. module that we are using for water, water purity in washing machines in China. Water purity in China is everything. And so working with them and directly working with higher, we can actually growth through our R&D present in China, we can do value add on what is an essence reverse osmosis are also filtration membrane. We have that sort of capability across the world. Were leading that to the next level of activity right now as we speak, we believe we can actually take advantage of that, but being more decentralized. Were introducing geographic profit and loss score card around the company right now. And were empowering our geographies to be much more attached to the customer front, to be as market led company with assets that we have around the world, you got to optimize the supply chain by going to where value is. So thats how we do it, local, decentralized, market empowered people. Peter Butler Okay. A long time ago Ben Branch, one of your legendary CEOs, sat me down and said: You know, these specialties are playthings, he said. But put a couple of pennies on the price of polyethylene and I'll show you some real money. Through the years, has this changed today? And if so, how does Dow get the extra pennies? Andrew Liveris Well, we get the extra pennies; I mean the polyethylene Ben Branch comment is apropos to the performance plastics through the quarter. Because we have elastomers in the mix because we have ENT resin, because we have packaging resin, we get premiums on commodity polyethylene. So we can do the sell out, sell up strategy so its not an either/or. There was a time when you could look at either/or you can make money in one part by some technology another part by some low-cost. In todays global competitive world there is no longer an option. Technology is ubiquitous. It gets licensed by everyone. State-owned enterprises enter the market they basically run for cash, they can commoditize any product line in a heartbeat. Innovation is now fast cycle so youre going to keep innovating ahead of the commoditization trend by being local, to your previous question and then giving premiums based on the technology and then reinventing and cannibalizing your technology, okay before your competitor does. So, Ben Branch was right for the time todays chemistry company has to be as nimble as an IT company. Peter Butler Okay. Well thanks for the help today. Andrew Liveris Thank you, Peter.
Operator: And well move on to Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Vincent Andrews Thanks very much. Just a question on your coatings business. Many of the end-market coating customers have reported and have been talking about seeing different levels of cost benefits from the lower oil-based raws over time. So just wanted to get a sense of how that's going to affect you, given you obviously have a different place in the value chain in a different product suite. Are you starting to see benefits now? And where do you think you will hold on to them, and where might you have to pass them through? How should we just be thinking about the cadence over the balance of the year? Howard Ungerleider Yes, when you look at the Vincent, it's Howard. When you look at Infrastructure Solutions and you look specifically at the Dow coatings material and performance monomers I would say on the performance monomers side, acrylates, I referenced in some of the prepared remarks that we have, there is an acrylic monomer trough. So where we are a merchant seller of monomer  and we have been on a steady march to reduce that percentage and continue to upgrade the value of monomer into emulsion, preferentially in coatings, but also in building and construction and even in our packaging adhesives platform were seeing nice growth there. In specifically in Dow coatings, its really about broadening the participation in new market its continuing to work all parts of pyramid from an overall value standpoint and continue to gain traction on innovations, I mean our FORMASHIELD product is really starting to take off in China this is a formaldehyde abatement in China in Dow coatings. So thats I would say were seeing nice margin gains, nice margin expansion in coatings but on the monomer side it will be, it will still be a tough go. Vincent Andrews Okay. Just as a follow-up, we noticed in the press release that you included  I think for the first time  what EPS would look like with the preferred shares converted. Is there a reason why you had to do that? I mean it obviously doesnt impact the way were talking about the quarter today. But what caused that, if anything? Howard Ungerleider Yes, its a good problem to have, because its the earnings are higher. And we actually did it once before when we got the K-Dow award in 2012, sorry, 2013. But, when we reported because the earnings were higher with the divestitures on a GAAP basis, we had to assume that the preferred shares were in the capital structures. So you have to add about 97 million shares. If you take that 97 million out, thats we get our actual share count at that time. Vincent Andrews Okay, thanks very much. I appreciate it. Howard Ungerleider Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next well hear from Hassan Ahmed with Alembic Global. Hassan Ahmed Good morning, Andrew and Howard. Howard Ungerleider Good morning, Hassan. Hassan Ahmed You guys obviously touched in the presentation on the Sadara side of things; and obviously slowly it will ramp up through the course of this year, into next. My question is, the Saudi market has been really buoyant year-to-date; its up over 15% in anticipation of it opening up to foreign investors come mid-June, as I understand it. So could you give us an update on the IPO of Sadara? Because obviously this would be a great time for that IPO and should, in my mind at least, provide some valuation support to the broader Dow. Andrew Liveris Yes, so we obviously with our partner will decide that post-startup to the entire operation, Hassan. So the opening of the market is a good thing, but clearly, it wont affect us until we are past all the start-ups which are post-2016. Thats the arrangement we had with Aramco, and thats the one that we are going to keep. Look, it is a great signal. The Saudis are definitely looking at foreign investment. Sadara will be a great investment, because of the diversified investment away from oil and gas which is their strategy, not just the plants we are building but all the value downstream. Just to remind you, for those who have been down there with us last year, we have a very big value park with over 31 assets downstream, all little small assets that are new value-add. So Sadara will be an investment opportunity for the local market to really, frankly, reflect the kingdoms diversification strategy. But it wont be any time soon to answer your question.
Operator: And next well move on to Don Carson with Susquehanna Financial. Don Carson Yes, thank you. Andrew, on the last call, you indicated that supply tightness was in your imminent future; and it appears, I guess, it was even more imminent than you thought. Weve seen a real tightness in operating rates. So just wondering about your near-term view of the ethylene/polyethylene cycle. Weve seen some rebound in demand. Is this really just restocking driven by a surge in oil prices? Or do you think that operating rates are tighter than most people other than Dow had really expected? Andrew Liveris Yes. So we saw some restocking end of the quarter, Don, to some extent; therefore there is a bit of a head-fake with respect to people anticipating oil prices going up. Now, look, depending on which pundit you believe, there is some upswell in oil price. Not huge, but there is some. So somewhere the back end of this year, into the next year, people are imagining prices will go up with that. But when you really drill down our numbers, as you have, its true demand. I mean if you really look at around the world, we are seeing true demand. Therefore it is foreshadowing with not a lot of supply, apart from a couple of plants coming back up  only one actually restart; not hardly any restarts out there to speak of  and then the new supply being what it is, then we start to see the whole industry upswelling in the 2016 time frame, maybe late this year, but certainly the beginnings of a cycle, a big cycle 2016/2017.
Operator: And well move onto James Sheehan with SunTrust. James Sheehan Thank you. Good follow-on, that question. Could you comment on your current operating rates? I didnt see it in your release this quarter. Andrew Liveris Yes. Its 84%, right, Howard? Howard Ungerleider Yes, up about 1% versus the same quarter last year. Andrew Liveris With a high turn-around quarter in particular. Howard Ungerleider Yes.
Operator: And well move onto Kevin McCarthy with Bank of America. Kevin McCarthy Yes, good morning. Andrew, would you comment on the cost as well as the timing of your U.S. Gulf Coast projects and how each of those might be trending versus your original expectations, please? Andrew Liveris Yes. Look, timing, no change. We are on schedule with all of our projects. Of course, I think the earlier question on the big Texas cracker, 2017, early 2017 startup. No change to the budget. Everything going according to our financial plans that weve announced to all of you. And we showed you on our Investor Day some very specific details on that. No change to that, if you go back to that slide. PDH, we are quite excited. It was on track for a mid-2015 startup, and that will have a material effect on our run rate to EBITDA on our propylene derivatives. Construction there is over 85% complete, also within budget. And all of their other projects that weve announced, the incremental ones, also doing just fine budget and timing-wise. I would tell you that the low oil price and the effect on LNG plants and what might happen out there, you are starting to see that on the Gulf Coast. So thats a good thing. So you know, youre not seeing the huge upswell that many of you were asking about last year.
Operator: And well move onto Alex Yefremov with Nomura securities. Alex Yefremov Hi, everyone. I wanted to ask a question on Dow Electronics. You mentioned several new products. Could you describe the sales opportunity in OLED and films? Also, where are you in the product cycle across various product lines within Dow Electronics? Thank you. Howard Ungerleider Yes, Alex, hi, good morning. This is Howard. We had a nice wins on the CMP side both on the pad and slurry at some major Asian foundry customers. We also had a lithography win at a major customer in Asia. And in Korea  I won't go into more specifics in that, but a nice OLED win for a flagship smartphone, if I could share that with you. And then also, on the optical film side we had a win at a major display customer for their flagship model as well.
Operator: Next we move on to Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets. Arun Viswanathan Thanks, guys. I just wanted to understand your comments a little bit earlier on the second quarter with regards to Plastics. You had a price increase in March that was announced in polyethylene. You reiterated that increase in May. What gives you the confidence now that you could achieve that pricing going forward? Thanks. Andrew Liveris Well, so our plastics business through the quarter was, as you saw, struggling on the price side. We believe prices have bottomed in North America and Europe. The first quarter average we'll see an upswell from that from the second quarter based on you had a very minimum small price increase. Inventories are low in North America and heading into a peak demand season, and the previous question I think that Don asked was on the operating rates we see higher operating rates of 90% especially here in North America plus our premium pricing. Howard, do you want to add? Howard Ungerleider No, as an old pellet head myself, you covered it well.
Operator: Next we move on to Duffy Fischer with Barclays. Duffy Fischer Yes, good morning, fellows. Howard Ungerleider Good morning, Duffy. Duffy Fischer I wanted to go back to some of the issues you are seeing in the acrylic acid chain. With the recent history of the epichlorohydrin commoditizing and taking down what was the specialty epoxy business for you, where is the confidence level? Or why do you think something akin to that doesn't happen in the acrylic acid chain and then into some of its derivatives? If you could use that to compare and contrast. Andrew Liveris A long history of knowing a lot about the acrylic business, I won't take you through all the history. But Dow about share was in the business back in the 60s and 70s. Very complicated chemistry versus anything in the epoxy chain. Whether it's the monomer itself, both glacial and crystal acrylic acid. And also all the various derivatives formethyl methacrylates in particular. You really have some Japanese houses that know how to do it, and then you have a couple of European and then you have Dow and maybe one or two other smaller companies. But that means that, you know  and not much cross-licensing and very difficult destructs, large waste issues that has to be managed. The barrier entry is much, much different than you would expect on the epoxy chain.
Operator: And our final question today will hear from John McNulty with Credit Suisse. John McNulty Yes, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Howard Ungerleider Good morning, John. John McNulty Question on the Ag business or maybe a couple of them just bundled together. As far as what your  can you give us a little bit of an update as to what you are seeing in terms of Latin America? You said there that you actually had a pretty positive outlook, but there were some economic headwinds you were concerned about. How do you think that weighs on the Ag chem side? And then in Western Europe, like with the weather issues, are you going to get the bulk of what you missed this quarter back in 2Q, or is some of that lost? And how should we think about that? Thank you. Howard Ungerleider Yes, specifically on your Latin America questions, I mean recent good crop harvests, we do have high level of distributor inventories and I would say generally positive outlook but certainly concerns from an economic standpoint and I would throw currency certainly in the mix as well. Specific to Dow, a reference in the prepared remarks about the acquisition of Coodetec. That happened in the quarter, and that's going to give us an avenue not only on Enlist and soy, but also on crop protection products in with the cooperatives, which is an area we have been weaker on and were looking to strengthen that capability. And I would say overall, we expect seeds to do volume gains in corn and soy and canola and our forage portfolio as well. Andrew Liveris Yes, I mean just to follow on, from a whole year point of view we'll be flat excluding currency and we'll be down a little bit including currency, single digits. But the big plus is margins continue to go up of sales of new products. Dow AgroScience is a new product story in crop protection as well as seeds. And I think people have to keep noting that we've become a crop protection R&D power house with the new molecule launches, and those new molecule launches our expanding margin for the company. Obviously, Ag is going to be a bigger, bigger part of the company. And you are starting to see that effect on the Ag business in terms of its margin increase.
Operator: There are no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Broodo for any additional or closing remarks.
Jack Broodo: Thank you, everyone, for your questions today. Andrew, would you like to make a few final comments?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, Jack, thank you, I would. Look, I've said many times 2005 is a pivotal year for the company. We have the big start-ups of Sadara later this year our PDH unit in Texas as well as our launches of new products. Not just in agricultural sciences. We had over 5,000 new products launched last year, as we said in our press release. We have one after  2015 is going to be a year of lots of product launches, and Ive mentioned some of them. Weve talked about, for example, that washing machine example I used and that ultrafiltration membrane. You can expect us to continue to be an innovation story and to deliver on our commitments. We have delivered on our commitments on earnings; now 10 straight quarters of year-on-year beat, six straight  earnings growth, six straight quarters of earnings beat. Weve delivered on our divestment commitment. Weve delivered on our shareholder remuneration story, and we will continue to do that. Weve delivered on the Dow Chlorine product transaction that will close later this year, a very compelling transaction for that business and a very big plus for Olin. Youve heard us talk about self-help. We created a portfolio over many years that can handle all sorts of conditions. We execute against the targets that we set over many years, and we execute quarter-after-quarter. This is no way the commodity-driven Dow Chemical of a year-ago could have delivered this type of performance with the 49% drop in oil and an 18% currency headwind. The 10 year-ago number has now been matched in these conditions by the portfolio weve created. Our margins are back to where they were in 2005. This is the performance weve been after for a longtime. Weve done at the last few quarters, many quarters in a row. There is no gap in the say-and-do ratio here at Dow. We are building a company that can grow under all macro conditions. Thank you for listening and back to you Jack.
Jack Broodo: Thank you, Andrew. As always we appreciate your interest in Dow Chemical Company. You reference a copy of our prepared comments we posted on Dows website later today. This concludes our call for today. We look forward to speaking with you again soon.
Operator: And that will conclude todays call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-29 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Dow Chemical Companys Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. Todays call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Jack Broodo, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Jack Broodo: Good morning and welcome. I am Jack Broodo, Vice President of Investor Relations. As usual, we are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of the Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dows express written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dows Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Howard Ungerleider, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Around 7:00 am this morning, January 29, our earnings release went out on business wire and was posted on the internet on dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments on this conference call. These slides are posted on our website and through the link to our website. Some of our comments today include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimates, and we dont plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If youd like more information on the risks involved with forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments reference non-GAAP financial measures, a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and on our website. Unless otherwise specified, all comparisons presented today will be on a year-over-year basis. Sales comparisons exclude divestitures, EBITDA, EBITDA margins, return on capital, and earnings comparisons exclude certain items. The agenda for today call is on slide three. I will now hand the call over to Howard.
Howard Ungerleider: Thank you, Jack. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. 2014 proved to be a great year for Dow. We ended with a very strong fourth quarter and even with currency and oil uncertainty are moving toward a solid start to 2015. We achieved record results, thanks to our decisive and disciplined approach to executing on our priorities. In the midst of a challenging operating environment Dow once again delivered. The fourth quarter is our ninth consecutive quarter of year-over-year EPS, EBITDA and EBITDA margin growth. These results demonstrates our focus in driving targeted self-help, executing on our strategic actions, increasing return on capital and maximizing our returns. As a result, earnings per share rose to $0.85 on an adjusted basis, a $0.20 per share increased year-over-year. EBITDA increased to $2.4 billion on an adjusted basis representing a new fourth quarter record with gains across all operating segments. We delivered broad-based EBITDA margin expansion, up nearly 220 basis points on an adjusted basis, thanks to our integration, our end market diversification and our global market access, and we continued our strong focus on working capital efficiency. Cash flow from operations was up $500 million versus the prior period. All of these actions enabled us to finish 2014 with strength, which brings me to our full year results. Earnings per share grew to $3.11 on an adjusted basis, a 25% increase versus 2013. EBITDA rose nearly $1 billion achieving a full year record of $9.3 billion on an adjusted basis. We expanded EBITDA margins and improved return on capital. We also accelerated our portfolio management actions and we made excellent progress on our key growth projects that are on track to startup this year. And we delivered a second consecutive year of record cash flow from operations. These results enabled us to continue to increasingly reward our shareholders. $4.5 billion in share buybacks completed with the launch of another $5 billion trance and two dividend increases put into motion. In total we returned nearly $6 billion to shareholders in 2014 representing an all time record. Earnings, cash flow and shareholders remuneration are each an all-time high. Our strategic decisions have created a portfolio that is less volatile and has lower risk due to our integration, global scale and product market diversity delivering an earnings base much higher than previous economic cycles with significant financial flexibility. Coupled with our self-help and productivity actions which continue to deliver cash and lower our costs, we are well positioned to continue to maximize returns in this uncertain environment. Those were the headlines. Now let me provide more detail on the companys operating performance, market trends, strategic agenda and outlook. Moving to slide five, sales were $14.4 billion. Our team delivered 4% volume growth overall with growth across all operating segments except infrastructure solutions. Our price decline was 4% driven by Western Europe with half of the total decline due to currency. Our productivity actions including our volume growth was a key driver behind our EBITDA margin expansion this quarter, as well as our intense focus on our day-to-day commercial and operational metrics such as price margin and inventory. Revenue highlights for the quarter include Ag Sciences which grew sales $82 million, resulting in a fourth quarter record for this segment. Performance materials and chemicals increased sales a $172 million with sales growth driven primarily by Epoxy and Polyurethanes, which reported double-digit growth, both businesses showing firm improvement in 2014. On the bottom line record fourth quarter EBITDA gains were driven primarily by Ag on an increased sales of differentiated products and technologies. Performance materials and chemicals also drove EBITDA increases through its ongoing productivity actions and performance plastics achieved its 10th quarter in a row of year-over-year EBITDA growth. Lets take a closer look at each segment beginning on slide seven. Ag Sciences delivered a record quarter. Fourth quarter sales were up 5% and adjusted EBITDA was up $63 million, reaching $222 million. EBITDA margin improvement was driven by broad-based sales gains of our innovation driven technology platforms and sales from new crop protection products increased 23% year-over-year. From a macro perspective, global projections for food and crop demand highlights the need for significantly higher yields. Dow Agrosciences and our technologies focused on delivering products that help growers meet these expectations. And were working to commercialize our new products as quickly as possible. A key example Enlist, there is real enthusiasm among the grower community for this top performing system, and in 2014 we made great strides and bringing it to market by gaining USDA regulation and U.S. EPA registration. Were actively working with the Chinese government agencies and expect approval for Enlist corn in 2015. Were moving forward to ensure a successful stewarded launch in United Stated for corn in 2015 and a full commercial launch in 2016. Mix upgrades and the ramp up of new technologies are expected to drive earnings growth above markets, some examples in our crop protection business are Arylex, spinetoram and Isoclast. These new products help farmers address resistance issues and deliver 20% to 30% higher margins than our base crop protection products. Dow AgroSciences innovation engine combined with our growing presence in seeds, our ongoing focus to both improved working capital and optimized costs will enable ongoing margin expansion. Turning to consumer solutions on slide eight, adjusted EBITDA grew by $31 million to $243 million for the quarter on flat sales, as increases in automotive volume offset currency headwinds. Margin expansion was driven by higher volume in North America and Europe. We do expect growth and margin expansion driven by increasing demand in Dow Electronic materials, Dow automotive and consumer care. 2014 was a record year for Dow automotive. Demand for larger and premium vehicles with better fuel economy and lower emission is a key growth trend. Our BETAMATE brand of structural adhesives are enabling light weighting by bonding dissimilar materials such as aluminum and plastics and is now in use in about 12% of new cars today supplying 60% of this new and rapidly growing application. Consumer care delivered EBITDA margin growth in 2014 as well. Here brand owners are focused on delivering innovative products that differentiate their brands while increasing their returns. Dow is working alongside our customers collaborating to innovate customized profitable solutions via enabling chemistry. Margins also expanded in Dow electronic materials in 2014 primarily due to mix upgrades. Consumers rapidly escalating expectations for electronics is driving the need for lighter, brighter and more powerful devices. Were excited about these trends as we enter 2015. Semiconductor content and display technology demand is also on the rise as consumers require computing power in their mobile devices. The rapid shift to phablets and hybrid PCs which have higher turnover than traditional PCs is requiring faster innovation cycles. Moving to infrastructure solutions on slide nine, adjusted EBITDA was up $31 million to $244 million and we delivered margin expansion on self-help productivity actions and improve business conditions at Dow Corning despite sales declines of 4%, which were due primarily to currency headwinds and from a weaker construction market in Europe. Energy and water solutions is delivering consistent growth, customer across the sector are demanding close collaboration and Dows close to customer strategy placing experts to work hand in hand with our customers continues to gain traction and has enabled multiple quarters of double-digit increases in demand for our microbial controlled technologies. In the water section, Dows separation technologies are necessary to address the need for sustainable water solutions. We expect that water technology markets will remain robust and should see an acceleration in growth as global GDP continues to improve. Weve also increase the profitability of Dow Building & Construction with significant improvement in Europe, thanks to our focused efforts to reduce our structural cost. The U.S. construction market continues to improve as evidence by December housing starts. Were launching new products and construction chemicals and insulation and enhancing our cost position to drive further earnings improvements. In Dow Coating Materials we delivered top and bottom line growth in 2014. Were capitalizing on trends in the architectural coating space, innovating to drive adoption of high quality paints and expanding our vinyl acrylic emulsions is part of our tier in product offering strategy. This will enable us to expand our reach in emerging markets as well as the U.S. contractor market. Turning to slide 10, performance materials and chemical sales grew 5% and adjusted EBITDA was up $98 million to $636 million for the quarter. Significant EBITDA margin increases are result of ongoing sell out and productivity actions resulting in higher operating rates and lower more advantage costs. In Polyurethanes these actions resulted in a completion of the $100 million productivity program we began in 2013. We have also increased production by more than 15% over the last two years. Were now operating more locally than before to allow more agile responses to market dynamics as well as selling into the most profitable regions. For Epoxy we have completed more than half of our productivity target and expect to complete the full program in 2015. The quality of our business continues to improve as we implement to mitigate the impact of continued industry pressures from oversupply in Asia-Pacific. Further actions to enhanced efficiency and performance materials and chemicals should continue to provide tailwinds for this segment. Turning now to performance plastics on slide 11, adjusted EBITDA was up $66 million to $1.2 billion, representing a fourth quarter record which culminated in a sequential full year EBITDA record. We deliver this achievement even as sales decline 3%, falling energy cost, higher volumes and tight supply demand dynamics combined to create margin expansion in the fourth quarter. On the topline demand is steady and our assets are running hard in United States and globally. Sales were actually flat year-over-year when we exclude hydrocarbons and energy co-product values which decline with oil. Our strategy for this segment has been purposely build on differentiation eliminating lower margin and/or commoditizing portions of the segments and pursuing higher margin, differentiated product lines and markets. As a result we have built a portfolio that has been delivering higher and more consistent returns through a variety of economic conditions. Looking ahead well there is clearly pricing pressures, demand fundamentals have not changed. Our sales volumes actually look slightly better than last as customers orders remains steady before the late February through June seasonal typical demand strengths. Dow sales in resin markets around the world and [indiscernible] highest return opportunities, that enabled us to hold fourth quarter non-hydrocarbon sales flat year-on-year in the segment. For example, margins are improving in our [Indiscernible] as we sell in to the strengthening automotive market. Similarly higher demand in the high voltage power cable market as more money is freed up for new infrastructure projects is helping our electrical and telecommunications business. 2014 was another year which Dow progressed in our strategic growth initiatives and 2015 will be a major milestone year for Dow with the startup of several of our major investments. Let me give you a quick updates on these investments on slide 13. Our projects on the U.S. Gulf Coast and the Middle East remained on schedule. Sadara will establish a foundation that we will leverage to compete in the Asian and Middle Eastern markets for the next many decades. Over construction is approximately 85% complete with construction for first product assets in polyurethane value chain approximately 95% complete. Falling propylene prices United States are improving the competitiveness of our U.S. based propylene derivative businesses. While at the same time expanding our integration advantage in our market-facing businesses. Our new PDH unit comes on stream in the second half of 2015 capturing the propane to propylene spread for one-third of Dows U.S. propylene needs expanding the earnings power of Dows integrated business model. I discussed Enlist and Stewarded introduction in 2015, we remained enthusiastic about Enlist along with the entire suite of Ag Science innovations that continue their steady pace of launches. This business continues to outperform because its integrated into Dows manufacturing and R&D platforms and we remain on track to once again double the value of Dow ArgoSciences in the next five to seven years. All of these projects are high return investments and strengthen Dows income growth trajectory even during volatile commodity environments. However, were not sitting back resting on the returns these investments are bringing and will bring. Were continuing our drive to take cost out of the organization and maximize the opportunities from the existing assets. With that lens in mind, lets turn to our productivity actions on slide 14. We produced and sold more than 3.5 billion incremental pounds in 2014 versus 2013, and we continue to drive to higher operating rates across the company yielding lower unit cost all what remaining leader in environmental health and safety performance. In the fourth quarter Dow achieved an 86% operating rate, an increase of 400 basis points versus the fourth quarter of 2013 and the highest fourth quarter in the last five years. We also ended the year with strength. December 2014 came in at 84% versus 79% in December 2013. 2015 has similar opportunity. In fact while weve seen a decade of heavy investment in exploration and production which is now resulting in lower oil and gas price. Those investments significantly outpace the number of petrochemical investment. Dow has now experienced accelerating operating rates for five quarters in a row. When you consider our operating leverage of more than $200 million for every 1% improvement in operating rates its clear that Dow is well positioned to capture significant upside in our operating income as we continue to see demand response to low oil Low oil price will be a tailwind for global demand and for our products. Were also maintaining a constant productivity focus so that we can continue to deliver in a low oil price world. We have now done this for many years and our new next enterprise systems architecture is enabling even more opportunity for further improvements in cost reductions and efficiencies. This focus was a key source of momentum in our results this quarter and will also be an important tool for Dow in 2015 and 2016. One of the other mechanisms to improve productivity is to divest businesses that fall outside of our ROC targets or our long term strategic direction. So lets move to slide 16 for a brief update on our portfolio of commitments and actions. Our focus on working capital efficiency and proceeds from portfolio management actions are generating strong cash flows. At the same time were driving targeted actions across our portfolio, divesting non-strategic assets and businesses such as the Angus Chemical Company and sodium or hydrate divestments which we announced in November and the carve-out of our chlorine chain which remains on track for close at the end of this year. Were also redirecting resources toward more strategic uses and we have been clear on our priorities for uses of cash. We are and we will continue to invest in our future through organic growth investments and to reward our shareholders as shown on this slide. We achieved another record number of patents granted with 20% of our sales yielding margin differential greater than a 1,000 basis points above our non-patent advantage products notably nearly 35% of Dows revenue now comes from new products. We delivered $6 billion to shareholders and declared dividends and share repurchases. We completed our $4.5 billion share repurchase program and launched an additional $5 billion trench and we announced two dividend increases in the year. Dow interventions over these last five years have build more resilient, more stable higher margin portfolio enabling us to more consistently reward and remunerate our shareholders. Now lets talk about what to expect for the first quarter of 2015 and the year. We see volume growth continuing with year-over-year growth expected coupled with steady demand. We anticipate performance plastics margins will remain strong although moderated by lower oil and gas. And we see further margin expansion in performance materials and chemicals driven by ongoing improvement in Polyurethanes and Epoxy. Equity earnings are expected to be down as Sadara cost ramp up and MEG prices fall. We anticipate an increase in turnaround cost in a range of $150 million sequentially in year-over-year. Our previously announced productivity program will continue to gain traction and we expect to generate approximately $300 million, improvements by year end offsetting the impact of inflation. We expect pension be a headwind in 2015, up more than a $100 million on full year basis. And as our growth projects come on line we expect capital expenditures to peak at around $3.9 billion for the year. We anticipate continued near term currency headwinds and expect the range of between 15% to 30% of the change in revenue to translate to an EBITDA impact. And finally on tax rate, its expected to be in the 25% to 28% range for the year. Dow had an exceptional 2014 ending the year with a record fourth quarter delivering a ninth quarter of year-over-year EPS, EBITDA and EBITDA margin growth, growing demand for our products, increasing our operating rates, executing on our strategic initiatives, enhancing our financial discipline, increasing our return on capital and delivering significant value to our shareholders. Historically, when Dow have seen escalating rates, favorable energy markets, and increasing GDP, it has bode well for our companys performance in the years that follow. Im excited about where the company is today and its future. So with that Id like to turn the call over to Andrew for a full year review on Dows performance as well as our outlook for 2015.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Howard. And well turn to slide 19, Ill begin with our vision, our core, the tenant that underscore each and every action that we take optimizing long term value per share. This singular focus was the few behind our record performance in 2014 and we prepared us in 2015 and beyond. Put simply, we are creating short, medium and long term value firmly in line with the strategic actions we have taken and the results that we have delivered over these previous nine quarters. Moving into 2015 the value and resiliency of our strategy are clear. We are integrated products company build on low cost manufacturing positions with interlinked businesses align to attractive end markets and geographies with decisive growth strategies. We are interdependent portfolio of assets and it is through our integrated portfolio in volatile time such as these that our real strength and our real value are evident. Leveraging up cycles to capitalize in cash engines upstream and delivering returns through our differentiated end market aligned businesses downstream and throughout the cycle. We are proving wide is best to own the full value chain. We need to only look to the last three months as an example where markets were volatile and moving fast and creating uncertainty around 2015 performance. And yet these dynamics emphasize the advantages of the Dow modeling strategy. Pure-play North American ethylene produces have face headwinds from falling oil. That same headwind which of course we fuel to a much more limited extent, largely represents a tailwind in our businesses aligned to consumer, infrastructure, performance materials and chemical sectors and indeed performance plastics. In addition the slow oil price environment is further mitigated by our flexible feedstock position in the United States and Europe and has made this new energy environment a net competitive position for Dow. Our European plastics businesses in fourth quarter show this is one clear proof point. Other examples that balance each other to the positive for Dows unique business model in this environment is the propylene effect even though of lower propylene prices in the United States is a small headwind our PDH investment, it is a stronger tailwind where Arylex and Polyurethanes business as it enables margin expansion in an improved competitive position. For further illustration the value of our strategy just look at our record fourth quarter results, despite plunging oil we reported a 15%, $314 million increase in operating EBITDA with growth in every segment. Let me be clear, Im not here to state that there will be no challenges from low oil. However we believe the energy supply dynamic that is ongoing will lead to a long term low volatility scenario where our underlying structural position. The long term low volatility of both oil and natural gas will reduce cyclicality of what had been historically cyclical businesses and more effectively leverage the potentials of our integrated model to deliver value to our shareholders. Turning to slide 20 and in this context we are demonstrating that our strategy maximizes value. It leverages our strength, advantages, rooted in our integration to help mitigate macro economic pressures and enable Dow to deliver long term sustainable return. In 2014 we committed to achieving a series of near term priorities focused on adding value across our integrated value chains by advancing our key growth catalyst launching new products, driving productivity actions, divesting non-strategic assets and businesses and delivering stronger returns. We said we will do these things and we did. They are fully listed on this slide, but let me highlight a few. We have boosted output from our existing asset base more than 4% behind solid demand and innovation and were prime to bring our key growth projects such as a first unit in Sadara and the PDH unit in Texas online this year together with the Stewarded introduction of our Enlist program. We accelerated actions across our portfolio with $2 billion in proceeds expected from divestitures signed were completed in 2014. We announced expanded three-year $1 billion productivity program. We delivered record adjusted cash flow from operations, and a record $6 billion shareholders remuneration by declared dividends and share repurchases. We achieved, exceeded and most importantly we executed against the commitments weve made. And this is not deviation from previous quarters or even years. We have build the right model for volatile times and we have the culture and agility to move fast to maximize value in all cycles navigating near term dynamics with our unrelenting focus on streamlining costs and accelerating productivity. Turning to slide 21, our priorities for 2015 remained consistent and as we navigate, anticipate headwinds such as ongoing market uncertainty we are doing so with the recognition of the value of our investments and our leadership position in the markets in which we participate. Our team has driven significant and strategic enhancement to our portfolio to mitigate challenging energy markets in line with those we are seeing today. 2015 is a major milestone year for Dow. With our PDH and Sadara coming on line operating rates remaining high in the plastics businesses and with new product introductions in Agriculture Sciences electronic materials amongst others and maintaining the drive for more production at lower costs the full value of our entire integrated portfolio will once again be very evident. The market and world economy will be volatile, although still growing especially in the United States and increasingly in China. We believe we have the portfolio that will continue to win even in this sort of global marketplace as we clear have demonstrated in 2014. In short, our integrated diversified strategy will continue to deliver higher cash flows, more consistent earnings and most importantly increased shareholders rewards to you as shareholders our singular and driving focus. With that Jack, lets turn to Q&A
Jack Broodo: Thank you, Andrew. Now well move on to your question. First however I would like to remind you that my comments regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Rochelle [ph] would you please explain the Q&A procedure?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question well hear from Frank Mitsch with Wells Fargo Securities.
Frank Mitsch: Good morning gentlemen. And Andrew, do you need to give Andy Grove a royalty every time you use Intel Inside?
Andrew Liveris: I know you heard it on the TV and I dont know, but if someone can find out for me...
Frank Mitsch: I think youre fine there. Hey, I appreciate you pointing out that youre not immune to - that there is no challenges from low oil, but I really didnt hear too much destocking and the expectations are obviously no impact  not a lot of impact in Q4. What are your thoughts on customer destocking impact on Dow here in Q1?
Andrew Liveris: Well, thanks Frank. We obviously watch this very closely. We have our weekly meetings and our product managers and marketing managers, geographic managers. We clearly were watching for customer buying behavior as low oil kept occurring through the quarter. And yes, there were some I actually mentioned it on TV today, there were some delays in purchasing but it wasnt due to demand destruction. People just anticipating lower prices. Were seeing January orders in line with our expected growth. Demand for February is firming as we enter the month. We believe inventories in the industrial engines are at lows, and thats basically pent-up demand based on the view that prices could drop even further.
Howard Ungerleider: I would also say, Frank good morning, that when you look at plastics, the industry operating rates in polyethylene was at 88% in the fourth quarter and we were running well above that number.
Frank Mitsch: Thats very helpful. And just sticking on the plastics side, you mentioned that margins are remaining strong in that business, and thats your expectation for 2015. But where do you think that they may decline to 2013 levels? What are your thoughts on how the impact of oil might compress plastics margins?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. I would say clearly in the natural gas liquid world, so the North America world and the Middle East youre going to see margins decline and we saw some of that happen in the fourth quarter for sure, and the pressure is going to continue into 2015. But remember the naphtha world, we have our European assets as well as our Asian joint ventures and even in Latin America were doing very well and we saw margins expand as well as demand strength in both Latin America as well as significant strengths even in the fourth quarter in Europe.
Andrew Liveris: And I think Frank, just to elaborate, this is key question. Remember 2015 with demand growth still there as for your earlier question. As you get into the back half of this year we believe low oil price is very good for world demand. And as you get global growth coming back through low oil prices, you will start to see the beginning of peak economics in the plastics engine going into 2016 and 2017. So we do believe with tight operating rates theres a lot of operating leverage here and our value add strategy actually gives us margin that we would just get on the feedstock, we get it in the packaging, elastomers, and E&T business.
Operator: And next, well move on to David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Good morning. Andrew, I know you dont give guidance, but given the challenges you and Howard mentioned for 2015, do you think Dow Chemical can grow earnings in 2015 versus 2014?
Andrew Liveris: I thank you for your question. And clearly the path the company is on with a record EBITDA performance last year I want you to note how we got there. We had a $900 million increase in EBITDA on about $1.1 billion increase in sales. That tells you that we have a resilient portfolio, but we also have the right mindset around innovation and productivity. Howard in his script talked about the innovation in general across the company. Just look at Ag. Q4 on Q4 year-on-year Ag 23% of their revenues were based on new product introduced just in that one year. So we have an ability to go after earnings growth independent of commodity environments, were not a commodity company, but we use commodity inputs to add value. I think what youll see from us a continued drumbeat. We will have margin pressure across some of the portfolio based on low oil price. In the back half of this year as demand gets tighter, I think we have an opportunity to certainly match last years performance.
David Begleiter: And lastly, Andrew just on Sadara at the current oil price whats the impact on $0.5 billion of equity earnings you put out there for Sadara longer term by 2018?
Andrew Liveris: Yes. So you now look the old view of forecasting five years out almost seems to be out the door, we couldnt forecast all of us a year ago what would happen to oil today, right. So, its a very hesitant forecast to hear that talks about the impact on Sadara. Just remember that Sadara is more than just a gas cracker, ethane cracker, its a mix feeds cracker that also uses other refinery streams from Aramco, not just naphtha, so please remember we got ways to get from here to there even in a low oil environment.
Howard Ungerleider: David I would also add, this is Howard, that $500 million with a ten-year average run rate over the first ten years, so were not stepping away from that number.
Operator: And next, well move on to Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Bob Koort: Thank you. Good morning.
Howard Ungerleider: Good morning.
Bob Koort: Could you help us, I may have missed it, but the size of the Pioneer contract adjustment and then does that impair at all your view of the ability to get more than 50 million acres of available market for Enlist? How should we think about any ramification on the value of Enlist from a very large potential customer?
Andrew Liveris: We didnt declare it Bob, so thats your first answer, but the answer your question, second question, in short is a firm no. We did not need that agreement and we have our own channels as well as other channels to more than make up anything that might have been pushed out as a lost in that contract.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. I would also say that dont forget were in the process of closing on Coodetec acquisition in Brazil and thats going to really help our ability in Latin America to grow soybean as well as the regional players here in North America.
Bob Koort: And Andrew, I was wondering if you might give a perspective we've had this reset of oil prices, I think youve made - rightly bragged about your operating rates, but as an industry if we look over the next year for those crackers that werent advantaged on U.S. ethane, you think margin structure for the non-U.S. ethane crackers of the world will be higher over the next year than its been in the past year. Do you think the depressed oil price will just flow through to the customers ultimately?
Andrew Liveris: We dont believe so, we believe that theres apples and oranges in a question like that, you got to go through cracker by cracker, restarting a cracker thats based on naphtha just because of this current oil price naphtha scenario is not a given, in fact we dont believe many of them will restart at all. To restart an idle cracker takes a lot of money and its a big bet in this sort of environment. So we believe supply tightness is in our imminent future operating rates are high across the entire plastics chain. Those that are advantaged, remember Bob, 70% of our cracker fleet is in advantaged jurisdictions under all oil gas scenarios and were flexible. So were advantaged even in disadvantaged regions like Europe and in fact weve had margin expansion in Europe based on our ability to be cracking propane there and thats also true in North America. So we really believe that whats going on out here is a net positive and youre seeing in our operating rates, youre seeing in our leverage. Weve returned to operating rates as a company that we had in 2007. How weve done that? Weve taken out low end assets. Weve taken out uncompetitive assets and the rest of the industry has done the same. So we believe that this is all tailwind as you get into the back half of this year.
Howard Ungerleider: I would also add just on Andrews propane or LPG point rather. In Europe weve improved that capability from the low 40% range to mid 50s, around 55% in Europe. And in North America I mean from a propane standpoint we do have the most feedstock flexible propane cracking of anyone else in the industry.
Operator: And next, well move on to PJ Juvekar with Citi.
PJ Juvekar: Yes. Hi, good morning.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning.
PJ Juvekar: Andrew, it seems like you got a big benefit from lower energy complex in some of your specialties. So is it a give back this year meaning if the specialty complex declines with the lag in the first half?
Andrew Liveris: Well, so the portfolio we built has obviously low input prices and as you go the propane point is a great example of that with flexibility we can take advantage of any input no matter what the situation is, whether its naphtha, whether oil refinery led streams of propane or ethane. But your main point is we have a portfolio thats doing value add and the value add in our strategy weve been saying its over and over, we dont have your vanilla grade plastics business. We have a plastics businesses as packaging value add, elastomers value add, E&T, Electrical and Telecommunications value add. We make money in that part of the chain and thats a specialty effect if you like, because those customers are asking for the price decrease at the pace of the feedstock decrease because they dont see the correlation. But thats especially true in electronic materials, in our water business, in some of our downstream businesses in building construction. So that is the portfolio we build. We think we have in essence an opportunity here versus a challenge. Everyone knows thats expose to the price effect, well have margin challenges, but we are not that type of company because of the portfolio we build. We have excellent commodity businesses that have that volatility effect. So there is a dampened effect in our specialties portfolio which is two-thirds of the company and its integrated to the low cost feedstock. So its a win-win for us.
Howard Ungerleider: PJ I think, this is Howard. Good morning. I just want to add on this innovation point. I know you guys dont typically give us credit for innovation, but weve got a track record now on patents. 2014 was the fifth year in a row where we applied for over 900 patents. It was another record year of patent application granted by the U.S. patent office. From our finance perspective, I dont like patents because of the plaque on the wall. Reason why Im so focused on as we get and I referenced that I think in the prepared remarks we get a 1000 basis points additional margin on a pattern advantage sales versus a non-patent advantage sales. So I think youre also starting to see that help our stickiness in price. But I agree with Andrew were not going to immune to it but we should be able to a relative outperformer in that space.
PJ Juvekar: Thank you for that. And then, Europe seems like its not growing. You got FX headwinds. What further steps can you take in Europe to adjust your cost structure and maybe can Howard hedge out some currencies here?
Howard Ungerleider: Well, in terms of Europe, I mean, youve seen some of the improvements in profitability continue to show itself through 2014. We had higher operating rates in the quarter. Weve been taking out. We completed the 2012 restructuring program in 2014, a significant number of those 28 assets were in the European area. So weve done that. From a currency PJ its definitely going to be a headwind. There was a headwind in the fourth quarter, our price was down 4% in the quarter, 2% of that was currency if you drive that to the EBITDA line it was probably around a $75 million EBITDA headwind in the fourth quarter. And so youll see that still happen in 2015, but I think its really important to note that we have our assets in the regions where we sell our products fundamentally. And many of our raw material and many of our end products are either tied to dollars or heavily influenced in dollars. So, most of our currency impact is really going to be around translation back to the U.S dollar on the income statement. And then of course you are going to see some balance sheet impact which you certainly saw in the fourth quarter where we have assets in Europe that gets translated back on the balance sheet. And thats why the net debt to cap moved up a little bit primarily because of that in our pension.
Operator: And next, well move on to Aleksey Yefremov with Nomura.
Aleksey Yefremov: Good morning. Andrew, could you update us on your view on supply of natural gas liquids in the U.S. in the new oil price environment?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, so thank you for your question. The  we obviously [Indiscernible] and rejection economics are playing in the west fields and certainly the NGO production at $3 gas is much more economic for those guys who are producing wet gas. So you are going to keep getting production of ethane and propane as it applies. So thats all advantage to the guys like us who are buying. We dont see that changing anytime soon and depending on the oil price. Clearly the oil price has had an effect on new rigs and new rig counts and thats all dropped off well reported and clearly if you got dry gas youve been shut in for a while so that doesnt help you all that much. But its your question that plays here and NGOs continue to be rejected but are still the most profitable part of the producers of wet gas.
Aleksey Yefremov: And thank you. And as a follow up do you have any update on the status of Dow Corning JV were there any additional discussions since the Investor Day?
Andrew Liveris: So Dow Corning as much as all of our JV clean up our strategy, we talked about at our investor day and clearly we are looking quite long and hard as who are natural owners of their JVs, youve asked for transparency and how we report our businesses. So going narrower in number of JVs is our clear strategy. There is nothing to update you or nothing sort to say, other than clearly thats one of our strategies and clearly our partners at Corning have to make their own statements.
Operator: And well move on to Arun Viswanathan with RBC Capital Markets.
Arun Viswanathan: Thanks guys. I guess the first question I had was just on the NGL side. Youve stated in past presentations that you can go up to 60% propane and 55% and a similar number on LPG in Europe, but what is the realistic number, is there anything that precludes you from getting that high. I mean is there enough supply in those regions to actually get to 60% or you will be cracking 30%, 35%?
Howard Ungerleider: Theres nothing that precludes us going that high other than. We run a group Jack used to run it, so maybe we should let Jack answer. But in essence what the whole strategy is we look at our furnace crack on a daily basis and we pivot around appropriately where we have the flex capabilities and nothing stops us from taking it those numbers. Right Jack.
Jack Broodo: Yes Arun I mean in Europe we continue to expand our capability to crack LPGs both propane and butane and then the length of the season where propane is much cheaper than naptha continues to grow as U.S. continues to expand more and more LPG. So U.S. LPG expansions help Europe and there are also firm price in the U.S. which helps production in the U.S. and so its a double win for us and strategically structurally helps us.
Arun Viswanathan: Okay. Thanks and I guess the other question was just a quick update on the chlorine sale, are you still sticking to the $3 billion to $4 billion in your targeted proceeds and the $500 million in EBITDA in light of recent declines in EDC and TVC? Thanks.
Andrew Liveris: Yes the short answer good morning is the as we are still on the trajectory that we laid out at Investor Day that for closed at the end of  before the end of this year 2015 and were still sticking to all those numbers, actually we are in the data room. Its a robust option, there are strategic buyers as well as financial buyers and we feel very good about where we are.
Operator: And next well move onto John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: Thank you. Just first a follow up on that, could you tell us yet whether its going to be one transaction or multiple transactions or whether Dow will retain any interest in any of the transactions?
Andrew Liveris: The short answer is no. Were looking at it from whats going to maximize value for Dow shareholders short as well as long term so there is still an option for it to be two transactions or one transaction, so that will depend really on who the ultimate buyer will turn out to be based on value.
John Roberts: And then second I was thinking the discussions with your partners and equate in any [ph] global could go quickly since you are dealing with a limited number of potential buyers as your JV interest. But now with the drop in oil prices do you think it might take longer to come down on your agreements there?
Andrew Liveris: Well clearly drop in oil prices affected all the oil producing nations and Kuwait is not immune to them. Its less about that John and more about the strategic rationale that our partners have for expansion in the value add which in their case is Petrochemicals , its a big deal for them equate and our presence in equate. So frankly this is not a one month, two month conversation, it never has been. Its more what are they going to do with a expansion needs. They want to expand it to liquids cracking for example. They have announced that, they have announced projects in Vietnam and China. So they have a holistic view to their strategy and more Kuwait ownership with time on our JVs is something that interest them. So look, its going at a good pace, nothing to report and just a little footnote. MEGlobal is different than the Kuwait based adventures and can beat to its own drum.
Operator: And next well hear from Kevin McCarthy with Bank of America
Kevin McCarthy: A couple of questions on cash deployment. And looking at your balance sheet it looks like your pension in OPEB [ph] liability increases, assume thats on discount rate and its mortality. Can you comment as for the cash required for pension in 2015 as well as the likely pace of execution against your remaining $5 billion authorization on repurchases?
Andrew Liveris: Yes sure, good morning Kevin. You are exactly right. I mean the Pension liability increased by about $3 billion, about 75% of that was because of the lower discount rate. It was down about 90 basis point; about 25% was the new mortality tables that got put in. Your second question was on the stock buyback and whats worse were still on the same trajectory of what I laid out at investor day which is a couple of points that we expect it to be roughly $2 billion of stock buy back in 2015 timed with the divestitures from our portfolio moves.
Kevin McCarthy: And then a second question if I may on polyurethanes, quite strong results in the quarter, can you speak to your outlook volumetrically as well as from a price perspective and comment on how you would expect pricing to differ in lets say a merchant sales of intermediate process systems, how much sticky your systems might be?
Andrew Liveris: Yes so the noted value creation of polyurethanes that you pointed out really started a couple of years ago when you remember we put that [Indiscernible] together and said, do you had to be fixed as did epoxy. Glen Roth [ph] and his team have done a sensational job repositioning the value chain. Its occurred at all parts of the value chain to have advance to your question. Its occurred at the Propylene oxide end, its occurred in the polyurethane components end and its occurred at the systems end and its been a repositioning plus a productivity drive. They have achieved their productivity goals, but they have also repositioned to end use growth markets like energy efficiency for example. High end durables, high end furniture embedding. So they have got a technology driven program thats very focused on the value add and of course the lower input cost. This should be further enhanced this year when PDH starts off. So were quite proud of the turnaround in polyurethanes and has been both point, productivity and repositioning.
Operator: And next, well move to Hassan Ahmed with Alembic Global.
Hassan Ahmed: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning.
Hassan Ahmed: Quite a few comments made on flexibility and the whole ethane, propane side of things. I guess a lot of them were directed to the European side of things. So my question is more specific to the U.S. side of things. I mean, obviously the markets are bit [indiscernible] that ethane based margins have come down, call it $0.06, $0.07 a pound relative to 2014 averages. But if I take a look at U.S. propane based ethylene margin theyre actually up even sort of higher than where ethane based margins were last year. So my question is how high could you take your propane buyers in the U.S. and could you actually come up with the scenario that if we would mark everything to market to current pricing, year on year we could actually had higher margins this year than last year?
Andrew Liveris: Well, I mean firstly we can go up to 70% of our crack slide here in the U.S. So if you look at the propane dynamic you just talked about than clearly theres a scenario here that has us not feeling the effect of the oil and gas or naphtha retain arbitrage as much as others. That clearly is further enhanced by propane dehydrogenation as I already implied in my script. Im not going to foreshadow repeat in our plastics record profits in Q last year and frankly the year before they been expanding profits quite considerably but our feedstock flex as propylene weakens there could be some effective margins coming down on some of our businesses. But as far as Polyethylene and plastics is concern, mark-to-market advantage Dow on propane crack.
Hassan Ahmed: And as a follow-up, I mean, weve begun to hear about some projects cancellations I mean, I know you talked about on the Dow side of things, the projects being on track in the like, but recently we heard about Shell project cancellation out in Qatar [ph], and recently Sasol canceling one of their GTL facilities. What you view about some of these newer Greenfield ethylene facilities in the U.S.? Do you think there will be more cancellations going forward? And part and parcel with that where do you stand today in terms of your cycle view?
Andrew Liveris: Second question first. We havent changed our view on the cycle and since low oil started last quarter weve been very clear that we think ultimately six to nine months low oil price foreshadows increase demand so this should help the world economy not hurt it, which I know is a view that not many others talk about but I think our result should show that, so we dont have to talk about it, we can just show our results. So that then says, demand is there, operating leverage there to Bob Koorts earlier question. So then you see the cycle playing out in 2016, 2017 with the back half of this year creating further tightening opportunities based on demand. In terms of supply, we dont think any of the big ethane crack projects will be affected. I think those economics are still sound based on excess NGLs as per an earlier question I got. I do think as youre seeing with some of the projects even one yesterday on Sasol, GTL, anything oil related, anything directly connected to the oil molecule, will definitely be delayed missing a ton of those being delayed. But thats less about what the U.S. projects will do. I think those U.S. projects the ones that we all foreshadow at the 2017/2018 startups will be relatively unaffected.
Operator: And next, well move on to John McNulty with Credit Suisse.
John McNulty: Yes. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So looking back historically when we start big commodity moves down and/or oil prices moves down there was the benefit of pretty significant working capital benefits for even the past, but admittedly that was  most of those were during weak economic periods. We dont have that this time around. So I guess how youre thinking about the potential for working capital to really drive significant cash flow for you in 2015?
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. I mean, overall it should be a nice tailwind to our cash flow and I think you started to see that show already in the fourth quarter, I mean, were working not only on the raw material or the price cost side of the equation, but also on the volume unit side with our efficiency programs. So I mean our DSI was down by four days in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter, 60% of that drop was volume and 40% of that was based on price cost. So it would be a tailwind in 2015.
John McNulty: Great. And then just with regard to the run rate EBITDA for the products coming up in 2015, looks like theyve been tweaked a little bit lower from the Investor Day, is that in oil reflection are you kind of marking things to the market right now or do you have other assumptions that may we should think about in those numbers?
Andrew Liveris: No, John. I dont think weve actually come off in terms of our public position on any of those projects. I think if you look at where this specific margins were in the fall, theyve come off a bit just from a market standpoint, but theyre still well above what weve originally laid out, so the PDH unit of $450 million. You look at the implied spread on propane or propylene, that still well within our guidance that weve given.
Howard Ungerleider: John, at our investor forum we had an example of the prompt value of those projects, but we did not said that wasnt changing, what we expected from the run rate number we have published.
Operator: And next well move on Debbie Fisher [ph] with Barclays.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning. Question on Ag, your commentary seems to be a little bit more optimistic than what weve heard from others where folks have talked about a decent amount inventory in the system probably needs to get work down and scenarios where youre seeing pricing pressure. So can you just go through  would you expect or do you see too much inventory in some of your product change in Ag. And then would you expect some pricing pressure across your portfolio this year?
Andrew Liveris: Clearly we see the same effect on corn and corn inventories. I mean, theres no question at the low commodity prices and farmer economics have changed and corn which is causing the rotation of soy and clearly we see that same effect, so that isnt any different. But the think that differentiates us from our competitors is our product pipeline and what Howard talked about. Bugs dont see falling corn prices, infectious is still being used. Weve launched two major classes of insecticides in this last little while, Isoclast and Spinetoram both sales are up year-on-year. New product sales year-on-year Q4 to Q4 up 23% in one year. This is Dows AgroSciences product pipeline coming through big time. Arylex service side, broad-spectrum herbicide, cereal fungicide, these are not affected by farmer corn economic. So thats what youre seeing in our results.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then just back on the petchem side, if we remain in this type of an oil environment throughout the year do you think the more marginal production in Asia is MTO or would it be naphtha based the way you would look at it?
Andrew Liveris: Well, I dont think  firstly theres whole scenario about MTO not coming on at the pace anyone think its going to come on. I think theres a whole recalibration going on because of oil and coal. Remember that methanol is coming from coal. And so thats going to change a lot in terms of when those projects come on line, which therefore defaults to your question being answered by saying, its incremental naphtha, but Ive already answer the previous question about theres not many of that is come on line. The way we view it is Asia is going stay high cost under any scenario. The beneficiary to this low oil scenario is mostly in Europe especially those that can NGL crack like propane.
Howard Ungerleider: Thank you for your question. With that were going to stop the questions and we appreciate all of your questions. Andrew, would you like to make a few final comments.
Andrew Liveris: Well yes, I would like to say that last year it was a record year for Dow and this is a design. We have a strategy thats working. We have built our business to be tend to be high margin and high return in most economic environment. The key to those is been the progression of actions these last many years, the sale of our most commoditize high margin product. Weve locked in low cost competitive inflexible feedstock capacity. And we have technology advantage high margin products. These changes are in place now and are producing and creating a sustainable business model that gives us much opportunity in 2015 versus challenge. We remind you that the driver of volume and price is demand far more than just feedstock input price. Demand for our products and in particular our advantage products is very strong. We are very confident our strength will continue this year.
Howard Ungerleider: Thank you, Andrew. As always we appreciate your interest in the Dow Chemical company. For your reference a copy of our prepared comments will be posted on Dows website later today. This concludes our call for today. We look forward to speaking with you again soon.
Operator: And that will conclude todays conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-22 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Dow Chemical Companys Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Results Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) Also, todays call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jack Broodo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Jack Broodo: Thank you, Lauren. Good morning everyone and welcome. I am Jack Broodo, Dows new Vice President of Investor Relations. I am pleased to be joining you on my first earnings call and look forward to meeting many of you in person in the not too distant future. As usual, were making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of the Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dows express written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dows Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Weideman, outgoing Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Howard Ungerleider, Executive Vice President and our new Chief Financial Officer and Doug May, outgoing Vice President, Investor Relations and recently made President of Dows Olefins & Aromatics business. Around 7:00 am this morning, October 22, our earnings release went out on business wire and was posted on the internet on dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments on this conference call. These slides are posted on our website and through the link to our website. Some of our comments today include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimates, and we dont plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If youd like more information on the risks involved with forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and on our website. Unless otherwise specified, all comparisons presented today will be on a year-over-year basis. Sales comparisons exclude divestitures, EBITDA, EBITDA margins, return on capital, and earnings comparisons exclude certain items. We will begin todays call on Slide 3. I will now hand the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Jack and good morning everyone and thank you all for joining us. This is another strong quarter for Dow and our results on the top and bottom line and they reflect deliberate actions we have taken, and continue to take, to focus on execution, control what we can control, and drive a full array of productivity measures, what weve called our self-help measures. These actions demonstrate the advantage of our integrated and diversified business model and how we are successfully leveraging our scale, geographic reach, technology expertise and physical integration to achieve targeted growth at our priority market sectors, especially in times of great volatility. Its with great pleasure that I introduce, not one but two CFOs and two investor relations VPs in the room with me today. With the luxury of having both Howard and Bill present, I will be handling over a substantial portion of the commentary over to the two of them to address this quarter's outstanding results. The first, Bill, I know I speak on behalf of our colleagues, when I extend my sincere appreciation for your service to Dow, notably your leadership in the companys Chief Financial Officer role. We have achieved many financial milestones during your tenure in the seat. Thank you for your leadership and for your values. Howard, welcome. Youve demonstrated significant leadership as a member of my core leadership team over these past many years. I have strong confidence with you in this critical role for Dow. Bill, youre first.
Bill Weideman: Thank you, Andrew. Turning to Slides 4 and 5 where I will review the highlights  financial highlights for the quarter. Earnings per share rose to $0.72 on an adjusted basis, up 44% versus the same quarter last year. This represents the eighth consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth in earnings-per-share. We delivered broad-based revenue gains, particularly in performance plastics, performance materials and electronic and functional materials, demonstrating the value of our integrated value chains. In a volatile global environment that weve faced again this quarter, our global footprint shine as sales rose in all geographic areas. Most notable was our strength in the Americas, where we are further investing in our industry-leading feedstock advantage and deep integration in downstream value-added products. The benefits of our sharp productivity focus drove EBITDA up 24% to $2.3 billion. Also, adjusted EBITDA margins expanded again this quarter, up more than 240 basis points. In fact, both performance plastics and electronic and functional materials achieved a record third quarter EBITDA. While continued productivity actions and improving market fundamentals across performance materials resulted in a year-over-year EBITDA increase of 61% in this segment, demonstrated the continued positive impact of the company's self-help actions. These factors more than offset the impact of a decline in equity earnings due to higher Sadara spending and the negative impact associated with our ethylene production facility outage in Fort Saskatchewan as we previously announced. Our advantaged positions, our drive for productivity and our geographic diversification, all helped to drive our operating rate to 88% this quarter, a level not seen since 2007. All of this enabled us to return value to you, our shareholders, evidenced by the 4.4 billion in declared dividends and share repurchases we have completed year-to-date. In short, we are focused on maintaining our momentum of further enhancing our OC [ph], increasing profitability, generating cash and maximizing shareholder value. Before I turn the call over to Howard, Id like to pause for a moment. As you know and as Andrew already mentioned, I have announced my plans to retire from Dow after 38 years of wonderful experience at the company. Howard and I will continue the transition process through the end of the year, but today represents my final earnings call as CFO. I'm very pleased to transition the CFO responsibilities to Howard. Howards strong business leadership experience and passion for finance will be a great asset. It has truly been my pleasure to work for such a great company and to work with Andrew and with the other leadership members, Jim, Joe and Howard and all my Dow colleagues. I have been extremely fortunate and I have built lifelong relationships at Dow that I will cherish forever. With that, Id like to turn it over to Howard.
Howard Ungerleider: Thank you very much, Bill and thank you for your leadership as our CFO but also thank you for the many significant contributions that youve added so much value over the decades to Dow. I gladly but humbly accept the baton. It's been a real pleasure of getting the opportunity to work with you over the many years and please know that we will all miss you a great deal. Good morning everyone. Now let's walk through some of the insights and what we expect to see in the fourth quarter. We are not planning for any improvement in the macroeconomic environment. That said, were positive on fundamentals in performance plastics, even with the headwinds of lower oil. In performance materials, we expect our ongoing focus on self-help actions to enable continued steady improvements for the segment versus the same quarter last year. On a sequential basis, we expect typical downward seasonality within both electronic and functional materials and coatings and infrastructure. While seasonality in ag sciences picks up, we expect full year growth in ag despite weak seed prices. Turnarounds are expected to be higher by approximately 50 million versus the prior quarter and approximately 75 million versus the year ago period. Sequentially, equity earnings are expected to be lower associated with turnarounds at our Kuwait and Prentiss and in addition, were expecting higher spending in Fedora [ph] as the joint venture ramps toward first product in the second half of next year. We continue to carefully monitor the current hydrocarbon pricing environment and will leverage our feedstock flexibility to mitigate pricing volatility. Over the long term our view on oil remains constructive and we'll talk about that in a few minutes. In the near-term, however, the situation is volatile and we are well prepared to adapt as needed. On 2015, we will be providing our modeling assumptions at our upcoming investor forum in November in Houston. So yet one more reason to join us in Texas, next month. As you can see in our results, Dow delivered another solid performance, another proof point of our ongoing execution and the outcome of focused actions we continued to take on the top and the bottom line to drive higher profitability, leveraging our integrated value chains. The targeted actions we continue to drive across our portfolio are firmly rooted in this value chain focus. By applying a combination of best owner mindset, capturing opportunities for organic growth, taking advantage of the differentiation enabled by our integration and our geographic reach, and importantly, driving higher returns on capital, were leveraging Dows capabilities segment by segment and business by business to deliver higher returns. Were consistently seeing the results of this focus, as you can see on Slide 7, even in a quarter where macroeconomic volatility was amplified. This is most notable in performance materials, a segment where we have committed to improve and where our actions over the last many quarters continue to gain traction. Particularly in polyurethanes and epoxy, here weve implemented a broader productivity focus, running a leaner, more efficient model and reducing costs. During the quarter, these actions led to higher volume and increased utilization, enabling stronger results. In areas of our portfolio where fundamentals remain strong, our productivity mindset is providing an additional source of upside on top of end market growth. For example, in electronic and functional materials and in performance plastics, the company achieved record quarterly EBITDA as higher revenues in key businesses were bolstered by aggressive actions we took to capture growing demand. In ag sciences, we achieved a major milestone in the quarter with back-to-back approvals for our Enlist weed control system. Results reflect softening market conditions in a seasonally weak quarter. However our technology investments and our commercialization of new molecules position us well for future growth in this attractive sector. Collectively we continue to pull strategic, operational and financial levers to navigate market uncertainty and to deliver increasing year-over-year results, all while reinforcing our foundation to strengthen returns over the long term. So what are we seeing in our segments? Beginning with electronic materials on Slide 8. While demand for Dow solutions in this sector remained strong, revenues declined slightly versus the year ago period. This was driven primarily by lower sales in films and filters and OLED materials. We do see continued upside on strength [ph] in semiconductor materials, particularly associated with our CMP pads and slurries. Looking forward, we expect market fundamentals in our electronic materials business to remain strong as consumer demand for continuous connectivity and brighter displays and widespread applications ranging from automobiles to homes drive ongoing innovation and growth into 2015. In functional materials, our businesses are delivering customized solutions built on close customer relationships. Dow Microbial Control and Dow Pharma and Food Solutions, both delivered double-digit growth with innovative products targeted at key sectors, including water, energy and pharmaceuticals. Moving forward we expect increased global demand for high-value solutions that require science-driven expertise. Turning to coatings and infrastructure solutions. In Dow Coating Materials, broad-based sales gains reflected the outcome of a combination of operational and strategic actions. This quarter also represented the seventh consecutive quarter of sales gains for this business. In epoxy coatings, for example, ongoing self-help enabled improved results. And while overall coatings market growth has slowed marginally in the third quarter, we do expect positive momentum for the full-year compared with 2013. This, of course, will be tempered slightly by the typical seasonal reduction in demand in the fourth quarter. In Dow Water and Process Solutions, we continue to see strong demand for reverse osmosis and ion exchange technologies. Our outlook for this business remains positive as we expect our leading technology position in this sector to enable top and bottom line growth for 2014 and into next year. Turning to Dow Building and Construction, self-help remains a key area focus and an important driver looking ahead, particularly in Europe, for example, where we have delivered multiple quarters of cost improvement despite lower demand. Shifting now to ag sciences on Slide 10. Our growth fundamentals remained solid and although sales in the quarter were flat, the segment reported record year-to-date sales. EBITDA performance was down versus the same quarter last year due to lower commodity pricing, resulting in fewer ag can [ph] applications. Our advances in innovation are helping to mitigate these current challenging market conditions. For example, year-to-date our sales of new crop protection products were up 18%, led by Isoclast insecticide. Seeds achieved record sales for the third quarter, led by soybeans and sunflower growth in North America and Latin America. Looking forward, North America acres are expected to shift to soybeans, while record acres and inventories are anticipated in the sector. Shifting to performance materials, where our productivity mindset and our ongoing focus on key end markets, such as transportation and oil and gas continues to strengthen this portfolio. For example, polyurethane achieved double-digit sales growth, driven by demand in key sectors, such as consumer comfort, appliance and industrial applications. In the specialty areas of this portfolio, Dow Oil, Gas and Mining delivered record sales due to double-digit growth on strong shale dynamics in North America, as well as project-related demand. And sales gains in Dow Automotive were driven by the adoption of innovative adhesive products, such as our breakthrough BETAMATE technology. Turning to performance materials where we continue to deliver growth across the value chain. In this segment, our low-cost advantage, coupled with higher demand in key sectors, enabled strong sales. Upstream supply tightened on the US Gulf Coast due primarily to scheduled turnarounds and strong derivative demand. Downstream, market demand in packaging, transportation and in hot melt adhesives drove increased sales all of which contributed to record profitability in this segment. Turning now to our six area of strategic focus. They have served as our compass, none more important than maximizing value for you, our shareholders. We have demonstrated over the last many quarters our firm commitment to these plans and factoring the previous three-months we have updated you on each one of these priorities. A critical part of this drive to return value includes our ongoing focus on productivity. By taking actions to reduce our structural costs and streamline our operations we have reduced fixed costs by 3% per year since 2012 compared to the impact of inflation. Additionally, this productivity drive has enabled us to increase operating rates to a level not seen since 2007, as Bill noted earlier. Our focus moving forward leverages our scale and our low-cost production, resulting in increasing sales to the market driven by higher productivity on our assets. We will have much more to say on this at our upcoming investor forum. Looking ahead into 2015, you can think about these priorities moving into the next phase; expanding our view toward longer-term accelerators of value while delivering our results in the short-term. To build upon the offering discussion, Id like to pause for a moment and step through the performance plastics dynamics, the foundation of which serves as a key source of momentum for our company and addresses several of the priorities on this list. So turning to slide 15, we have best-in-class flexibility and advantaged low-cost positions in the Americas and in Europe. Despite the recent market correction to declining oil prices, lower oil on the whole should help the world economy, particularly in the US, the UK, Japan and China and we would expect this positive impact to become more apparent as we move through 2015. Lower oil prices will certainly to some degree trigger margin compression for the worlds ethane-based crackers. However modeling indicates that even at $80 oil, ethane-based crackers in the Americas will maintain their advantage cost status, as well as their first and second quartile low-cost positions. Lower oil is also a positive for our highly flexible crackers integrated complexes in Europe, where our best-in-class flexibility supports a regional advantaged low-cost position. From a global growth perspective, global GDP is forecast to be 3.4% or perhaps higher in 2015, up from 2.8% this year. Based on this, ethylene operating rates reach pricing power levels in the 2015 and 2016 timeframe. Reflecting this global growth, operating rates are improving, rising from just over 88% at the beginning of this year and heading toward 90% in 2015. Operating rates have been growing about 1% per year. Barring a global slowdown and with industry balances where they are, we would expect this trend to continue, taking operating rates above 91% as we move into 2016, continuing the march toward increasing pricing power for producers. The bottom line is this: weve consistently said that feedstock flexibility remains an important aspect of our capabilities, and with high volatility in the oil market, our investments on the US Gulf Coast and our capabilities in Europe have historically and, I expect will again, prove to be a strong structured hedge protecting our low-cost advantages. The benefits of our strength are evident in our performance plastics results where tight supply and demand fundamentals for our advantaged product portfolio in North America, Latin America and Europe are delivering significant profitability. Moving to Slide 16, we continue to apply a best owner lens across our portfolio, driving progress and are committed to actions as a means to enable maximum value creation. Earlier this month we announced that our ANGUS Chemical Company, Sodium Borohydride and AgroFresh businesses are being actively marketed for divestment. As indicated, we expect to complete signing of these transactions by year-end 2014 and close early next year. Collectively these businesses are expected to yield proceeds of approximately $2 billion. In addition, during the quarter we completed the sale of a substantial portion of our North America railcar fleet, an action we committed to last quarter. This strategic step generated more than $400 million in cash proceeds and further, it firmly reinforces the company's commitment to deploy capital to areas where we can generate higher returns. We also continued to make steady progress on the planned carve-out of our chlorine chain, which as we have indicated is expected to generate EBITDA in the range of $500 million annually on a standalone basis. We've taken a number of actions to streamline this value chain and the businesses are demonstrating rising profitability as a result. We have received strong interest and are engaging directly with buyers. In fact, financials are now in the market. The project team is working diligently to stand up the carveout within a separate structure and remains firmly on track to have signed agreements in place by the second quarter of 2015. In all cases, transaction options will be examined to ensure Dow generates maximum value for the businesses and for our shareholders. As we have indicated, we will not sacrifice long-term returns for short-term gains. On top of all these actions, we continue to assess our opportunities to enhance the value created through our major joint ventures, either consolidating or deconsolidating to optimize the value these properties bring for our shareholders. The first step in this drive included the announcement we made earlier this month on our definitive agreement with ExxonMobil which will result in Univation Technologies becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dow. A valuable high-margin business, Univation will enhance our industry-leading performance plastics franchise and further strengthen our leadership position with the UNIPOL PE process which is a high demand technology. To date, our completed divestiture actions totaled $1.3 billion and the expected proceeds of the entire program will now be at the higher end of our $4.5 billion to $6 billion range. Turning to cash on Slide 17. We continue generating returns that exceed the cost of capital. In fact, the return on capital has increased by more than 150 basis points versus the same quarter last year. Were using this cash to fund our organic growth investment and reward shareholders. Case in point, we rewarded shareholders with $1.3 billion in declared dividends already this year and $3.4 billion in share repurchases in our current program to date. Were on track to complete this program by the end of this year. Dows balance sheet is solid and our capital investments are on track. These investments once completed will serve as a significant new source of cash, allowing us to fund more organic growth and further enhance our ability to reward shareholders. And on that note, I'd like to turn the call back over to Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Howard and if you look at Slide 18, we obviously are going to be talking about our investor forum but before that, its been a terrific quarter with our self-help programs delivering in the face of extreme volatility. The market actually is showing us what it's been showing us for several years, that geopolitical unpredictability, speculation, and a jobless recovery are here to stay. That companies need to be agile to respond and they should respond by doing the basic blocking and tackling and doing it faster than their competition. And that the world is commoditizing and to meet this head on, we need to be aggressive portfolio managers, reliable and efficient operators and focus on our strengths while delivering cash for future growth and shareholder remuneration. Our superior integrated global low-cost manufacturing position in chemicals and plastics, with advantaged products in key markets, whether they be in plastics packaging, agriculture, or electronics with presence in key geographies is enviable, because it delivers both short and long-term value. We are relentless in our focus on cost and productivity, where we will sell out our efforts and sell up their product value with innovation. We have a strong balance sheet, getting stronger as our large projects start up next year. So next month, on November 12 and 13 at our investor forum in Freeport and Houston, we will unpack the next phase of Dow strategic execution. We will discuss and reveal increased transparency with our segments, our next phase of productivity, so further to Howards comments, weve reduced underlying fixed costs enabling us to invest in growth to the tune of more than $1 billion, while reducing overall cost by 3% per year versus inflation since 2012. So today we are announcing that we are committing to a further 1 billion productivity target over the next three years. And were going to provide granularity on what this program will look like at our investor forum. We also will discuss our continued address to joint ventures and their future. A sharpened and more targeted market focus, especially in advanced materials and with the resultant decisions on R&D. Granularity on our key divestments, as well as on our growth programs, including but not limited to our Enlist launch. Details on our view of the ethylene cycle and how much cash we will generate in these next few years, and our next phase of shareholder remuneration. We will show our aligned team, organized to execute. We will discuss our metrics and how we are and will continue to be accountable to deliver short and long-term value creation. This is a company where with eight straight quarters of execution behind us, there is no gap between what we say and what we do. Come join us in Houston and Freeport, we will continue that drumbeat. With that, Jack, let's turn to Q&A.
Jack Broodo: Thank you, Andrew. Now we will move on to your questions. But however I would like to remind you that my comments regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Lauren, would you please explain the Q&A procedure?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Cooley May with Macquarie.
Cooley May: Now despite an operating line result that beat expectations, equity earnings were down 30% year-over-year and corporate costs were up 35% year-over-year, which combined you cut 170 million out of your consolidated profit, if I am looking at it correctly. Howard, how do you think each of [indiscernible] footprint in the 2015 and what do you view as a normal level for corporate costs?
Howard Ungerleider: Hi Cooley, youre not going to throw that to Bill, uh? Its his last call. Now just kidding Cooley, good to talk to you. I would say that look, on corporate, yeah, corporate was a little bit higher than usual. There was really  the primary reason was some insurance operations which was a benefit a year ago and there was a cost in the quarter. There was also some divestiture expenses and a couple of one-time litigation issues. I would say for modeling purposes going forward on corporate, our guidance remains in the $250 million a quarter range and we will have more to say about corporate at investor day. In terms of equity earnings, I would say that the equity earnings were down, a couple of drivers -- Dow Corning actually increased on improved volumes across both polysilicon and silicon but that was more than offset with the higher spending in Sadara as well as our Kuwait JVs decreased due to lower Kuwait volumes and an impact to MEG in Canada because of a mechanical failure that we had. So those are the two big issues.
Cooley May: Okay. Andrew, my question is for you. Looking out two years, what part of Dows business do you think is currently being ignored and offers the most upside potential to your profit base relative to investor expectations at this point?
Andrew Liveris: Well, I think these last few weeks of oil price decline one more time showed  and just a little footnote on oil price, Cooley, if you look at the Brent, actually Brent had a steeper decline, was steeper decline from June to September as it did in the last few weeks. But the fact that weve got into the 80s is spooking people. When people do look at us, and then look to next year and the year following, they are not seeing the ethane cycle upside and its not being reflected yet in our equity price. I mean that to me is the biggest myth and what people seem to be confusing often is we're making record margins, we just had record margin in this quarter, but thats off a low-cost base. US shale did not exist in the previous cycle and so we are all making more money, it doesnt mean that the cycle isnt here to come based on demand  based on supply demand and therefore price uplift, and as Slide 15 showed, weve been having price uplift now for some time based on outages. And outages tell you a lot about whats going to happen here as demand continues to improve. Low oil price means more demand in the GDP. That actually will help the cycle and they are missing that, only are they missing that, theyre not counting in the big start-ups next year of Sadara, okay that will feed our ability to make more money off a low-cost base with pricing power. Of course they also dont  and this is of course a problem with everyone, innovation is a hard thing to factor in, and what we're doing and what well do at investor forum is unpack some of our innovation especially around Agro Sciences and especially around Enlist and last but not least, this ongoing productivity self-help drive, I think people are now starting to see it and this announcement that I just made five minutes ago is our relentless drive on productivity will continue and that should be a factor in our ability to continue to expand earnings.
Operator: Our next question comes from [Hasan Amit with Allenbacks Global]
Unidentified Analyst: You know, a nice bump-up in sort of company like operating rates, good 6% year on year. My question is  and I know its a bit broad question but how much of that uplift was a result of sort of declining non-ethane-based feedstock cost through the quarter? So let me ask it slightly differently. So lets say that if oil prices were at $90 a barrel, or a $100 a barrel, in the next coming quarters, would you still have these elevated operating rates?
Andrew Liveris: Yeah, I mean yes, I think the Americas, for us, are firing on all cylinders. I mean I think our low-cost base in the US, Canada and Argentina, we shouldn't ignore Argentina, is meaning that those operating rates  I mean were running a pretty much sold out engine based on low-cost. And so the rest of the world has had to catch up, a low naphtha cost is actually going to help our European and our small exposure in Asia. So now the only foreshadowing again that its just going to help our competition as well, but back to my demand point I made on the previous answer to Cooley, ultimately that will help. Its just something that people arent really noticing is whats happening in propane and what's going to  thats going to mean a PDH, for example and propane is about to enter our crack slate based on pricing comparative. So much for export terminals, Hasan, I mean and for that matter so much for ethane export terminals. It just takes two weeks of low oil price to get everyone to re-evaluate where low-cost is. Our flexibility on the crack slate is everything and it comes to play right this moment, so advantage those who have got flexible furnaces which is us.
Unidentified Analyst: Now obviously say that the currency moves, dollar strengthening and the like, as you think about the net and targets, call it, 10 billion in EBITDA, how should we be thinking about the FX side of things?
Bill Weideman: Really, from a currency impact, it doesnt have a significant impact on us, so thats why we dont spend a lot of time talking about currency. Actually this quarter there were some movements as you know and the dollar strengthened throughout this quarter but actually the currency impact on our sales line was fairly small. Don't forget that the currency move impacts the both the top line but also your cost. And so the net impact is not very resizable. It did have a little bit of impact on our equity this quarter  on our balance sheet, I am sorry because of the translation impact but really from an income statement not a lot of impact.
Howard Ungerleider: Just to add on to Bills point, I would say that the headwind was about $0.04 a share versus the prior quarter. So you could expect it to also be a headwind as we head into the fourth quarter here with the move. But hopefully I will continue in Bills tradition and the long-standing CFO tradition that we don't really talk about currency as a headwind or a tailwind.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: I would agree with low oil prices should help stimulate demand in the intermediate term but in the short-term do you think we have an inventory correction especially around year-end that might depress volume temporarily?
Andrew Liveris: John, thats a fair point. I mean I think Howard said it in his remarks, when we were dwelling on Slide 15, and again  who is perfect in the forecasting world here but as far as we see the supply-chains and value chains, given that year-end, given that people look at December in a certain way, we always see this O shaped quarters and inventory is a big factor in all of these conversations. People do in fact clear the books in December; factories do come down, inventory clearing does happen. But you remember inventory is a very low across the value chains right now. And so thats at the polymer end, and at the monomer end too. So look, I think your point is fair in the very short term but again you got to look at 2015 and start feeling confident about cycle. I want to keep reminding all of us as you ask these sort of questions, weve been working on this for eight straight quarters, as sustainable profits. This isnt come in this quarter and the fact that theres some margin expansion going on, thats actually a sustained margin expansion conversation and we've always talked about self-help as the tailwind but then adds another tailwind called margin expansion based on the product cycle, and I think one quarter, this next quarter, I think there will be some maybe slight depression or compression based on the fact that there may be slower demand and the oil price effect. But it will rewrite itself next year.
John Roberts: And at the investor day do you think you'll know the structure of the chlorine transaction whether it's one or more deals and whether it involves JVs?
Andrew Liveris: As our slide said that financials are in the market, we've always said strong interest, people are now receiving their books and  but its too early point but they do unpack to that degree but we will unpack as much as we can. We know everyone like you is hungry for more details on that. We are quite confident on our upper end of that target because of what were seeing is very strong buyer interest.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Bob Koort: Andrew, you mentioned when you come down here to Houston, youre going to have, one of the discussion topics would be increased transparency within the segments; can you give us a better sense of what you mean and what you expect or hope to achieve from doing that?
Andrew Liveris: So why dont I let Howard have a shot at it and then I will add as required. Go ahead, Howard.
Howard Ungerleider: Hey Bob, hopefully you get the weather good for us down there because were definitely heading into the colder season here in Michigan. It's really all about improving our transparency and improving our granularity and trying to really line it up based on markets and based on value chains and based on our integration. So thats how we are thinking about it and we will have a lot more to say when we see you next month.
Bill Weideman: We will show you more information in terms of the  our view of those segments going forward, in terms of what our expectations are. So again with this drumbeat in terms of delivering what we say we are going to deliver.
Andrew Liveris: I would add  look, Bob, I am very conscious of the other side of your question, what you did not ask, which is companies like ours and competitive sets, we want to be as good as our competitors are and slightly better at transparency but not a whole lot better because we don't want to give away competitive information. And we get a lot of inventory feedback on this question by the way. We have been out in the road a lot this year, asking exactly the question you are asking.
Bob Koort: I guess maybe the heard of my question is the revelation of this additional detail is going to result in some inspiration for your shareholders, will there be things they learn that put Dow on a better light or that show more effective management of the business, or what do you expect to get from that granularity and transparency?
Andrew Liveris: Well, I will tell you what we are not looking for. Were not looking to confuse you or anyone. Were not looking to make it harder for you to follow-ups, so in the spirit of moving in the right direction we want transparency but not to a fault, so people understand how and where we make money, about how and where we make money over a cycle.
Bill Weideman: And add to that, Bob, so, and to really give you more information so you can understand the company. So we will plan to show you more level of detail in our corporate segment, whats in there, how do our costs and allocation work, how do we assign cost to businesses, how do we transfer, our transfer pricing etc. So with the spirit of trying to give you more information to understand, you understand the company.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: When you sell your assets and hopefully next year you will get your $6 billion, what do you plan to do with it and I guess there are two cases if you can buyback your preferred or if you cant, so in the case of being able to buy back the preferred, what do you do with the extra 2 billion, do you contract the company by buying shares or do you acquire? And if you cant buy back the preferred what do you do with 6 billion?
Howard Ungerleider: I would say  the first priorities remain shareholder remuneration, you can think about that both in dividend growth as well as continued stock buyback. I would also say organic growth in finishing our projects and getting those projects up to speed. Obviously the preferreds have been on Bills mind, they will continue to be on my mind and you know were going to continue to try to find a path where those -- we can take those out of the structure at the right moment for a fair value for all of our shareholders and then fundamentally  I think the last question where you were leading is Andrew said repeatedly there is going to be no major M&A in our near-term future.
Andrew Liveris: Shareholder remuneration through share buyback, start to  you saw the slide, if you get the number out, the next of the last slide that had this last 12 months profitable quarters, slide number 17, you should think about that way. We are very shareholder remuneration oriented, the way were going to give money back to the holders as the preferred, not the financials  because fundamentally we believe that improvement in ROC, improvement in EBA, improvement in ROE, and Howard and I are going to be working very hard on talking about financial goals going forward. This is a cash machine thats going to be rewarding shareholders, so weve got plenty of growth, that were spending quite a lot on investment for future earnings growth. The US Gulf Coast investments, EnList in case in point but shareholder -- friendly shareholder remuneration, thats the drumbeat.
Jeff Zekauskas: I know that there's been so much controversy over whether the ag business should be monetized but should the ag business be grown via acquisition, or do you think that that's not something  it doesn't need that extra strength or scale?
Andrew Liveris: Its got an scale of being part of Dow Chemical Company, 40% of R&D goes to ag. Theyve proven their worth, they have proven to double the business the last five years, the pipeline is rich, very robust, soon to generate much more EBITDA at both cross protection and seeds and traits, and next year or two very key. So I think weve got the time to answer your question, I think there's a lot of what I call internal  this is why I say, what Howard said, we dont need external M&A, weve got plenty of internal M&A, which is to acquire more revenue streams by funding  funding electronics, on funding plastic packaging, were going deeper and more vertical into markets and businesses that we can grow. Ag has earned its right to play to do out scale in their innovation.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Butler with Glen Hill Investments.
Peter Butler: On the same topic, Andrew, you have been predicting for some time at least one more major consolidation step in the ag chemical sector, do you think Dow would be a player in this and if so, how much does the Enlist approval enhance your negotiations?
Andrew Liveris: Thanks Peter. Yeah Enlist does enhance our leverage on any value creation because its approval which of course is a key approval of the last few weeks have been  to know what we consider the launch, and the launch is next year and this launch is a controlled launch leading to bigger year, the following year in 16 as we go into soybeans etc. This is a very big step for our future pipeline value manifesting itself in the current EBITDA. We are no talking NPVs  we are talking about EBITDA coming next year and the following year not just from Enlist but also all the crop protection launches that they have got going on. So these things would transfer now from a pipeline to actual EBITDA stream, the consequence of that means that the value of [dazz] increases substantially and that means  and weve always said these two points, no sacred cows, if the future value can be brought to current numbers, then you know we would look at all options and if it is around the consolidation, we would love to be a part of that for more value creation than owning it ourselves. So the best owner mindset applies. Having said that weve got pipeline going to EBITDA. Wed like to get that value. Okay. And thats why weve always said what weve said. If there is a round of consolidation out there, you can count us being at the table.
Peter Butler: In regard to-- were getting creeping closer and closer to the uptake on this ethylene cycle and when you look back at some of the previous cycles starting with the one in 1973, a lot of the analysts that follow your stock today werent even born probably during that period, before that period. Could you maybe summarize what happens as operating rates edge towards the 90% zone and your customer start getting nervous and start adding the pipeline inventory? Has this process started where are we and what you see happening?
Andrew Liveris: Yeah, the process and there is always a lead indicator called the outages, when outages start affecting pricing as theyre having now and Howard showed at the slide 15, thats the harbinger of upcoming operating rate that hits the 90s for the industry and as weve already indicated Dows already there in the Americas. And so its really the rest of world getting up there. Predicting the cycle based on outages is a fools darn because if its just outages driving up prices temporary, the resiliency of those price increases really comes back to demand and lack of supply. The lack of supply is well documented but there is no fear factor based on supply demand studies that weve done and others have done including our competitors that the capacity coming on the U.S. will be enough and soon enough to interrupt that cycle, the cycle that we will see a 15-16 cycle who knows what we would call the cycle whether it be as big as the one in the late 80s or the one that happened a decade ago in 05 which was shorter. This one looks a little longer. The area under the curve looks quite big based on supply shortage and that because of outages we might get it earlier than maybe otherwise and it could start earlier. Were not particularly forecasting that. In general low oil, if it impacts positive demand, there may be some price margin compression the very near term John Roberts question, but thats just the head fact. Oil price should go up from here based on healthy economic demand out there whether it be China or Japan or the U.S. or the U.K. needing as thats a tax break for them, so that will help consumption. So we think this cycle is going to be quite a good cycle and were very positioned to get price powers we have been getting based on the outages.
Howard Ungerleider: Hi, Peter. This is Howard. I would just say that two other things  one on the supply side and one on the demand side. As we head into an ethylene up cycle uptick, the assets tend to run harder and then they tend to break. I mean every year further the grid becomes a year older and so when you try to run assets really hard to maximize production across the industry, you tend to see more outages as you head in and then on the demand side, the people in the industry spend a lot of time in plastics over the years. You talked about 11-month years. From a demand standpoint you talked about 13-month years and so in an up-cycle where people expect prices to be higher tomorrow, you tend to get 13-month years and maybe one or two or three in a row depending on all the other variables that Andrew talked about.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin McCarthy with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, good morning. Andrew, propane is down about $0.20 a gallon on the U.S. Gulf for over the last 20 days. Can you discuss how much of your feedstock mix youre able to shift in to propane trying to get a handle on how much you might be able to hammer down U.S. cost to preserve your margins if the high-end of the curve does indeed come down on the back of Brent crude oil?
Andrew Liveris: Propane flexed in the U.S. in terms of substitutability of ethane slate. As you know weve all been heavy ethane and very low naphtha, we believe that we can get up to 30%, 40%, as a company 60% in Europe which is a very big one. And from memory, Im just looking over to Jack over here. I think its a little low in the United States. Its a low 60% as well Jack tells me. Thats a handiness of having the previous hydrocarbon guy. Thats a very helpful question because that actually speaks to whats going to happen here on low oil price.
Bill Weideman: I would also say that  you raised a key point because a lot of people in the industry talk about feedstock flexibility and what they really mean is they are switching from propane or other feed to ethane only. We have very much been focused on feedstock flexibility for many, many years. I think we have leading edge flexibility versus the industry on propane and as we do our additional ethane projects, we are not losing or giving up any other flexibility propane or other.
Kevin McCarthy: Then you know as a follow-up on the financial side, were about two and half months away from the end of the year and presumably completion of your existing share repurchase authorization. When you take into account your prospect of the divestiture proceeds and the progress you have made on the balance sheet, how would it handicap a new authorization at this juncture?
Andrew Liveris: Howard?
Howard Ungerleider: Well have a lot more to say, Kevin, about that at investor day. I mean as our earnings ramped, we have historically talked about the 45%, 50% payout ratio. And I think as we get these divestiture proceeds you should think about shareholder remuneration being a key part of that. That is our top priority and that you should think about it both from additional stock buyback as well as dividends.
Operator: Our next question comes from--
Andrew Liveris: Kevin, thank you. We got time for one or two more calls -- one or two more questions on the call.
Operator: Thank you, Sir. Our next question comes from PJ Juvekar with Citi.
PJ Juvekar: Yes, hi, good morning.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning, PJ.
PJ Juvekar: Andrew, if oil space even declines from here, do you think some of the announced ethylene projects in the outer year in 2018 and 19? Do you think they are at the risks of getting pushed out or even cancelled?
Andrew Liveris: Look, I dont think so, PJ. I think firstly wed given you a view on oil as we see it. I do think the journey for oil through 80 down into the 70s will find its way back to the 100s. I think this is why I think everyone is looking at this from the point of view of supply and demand. Its being well written. The breakeven price in Middle East and produces, the incremental cost of the marginal producers to produce like tar sands or for that matter U.S. shale. Youve got to look at this and say look, U.S. ethane advantage is here to stay, its going to be here a decade or more based on supply. It could affect LNG projects, though. I think that will be the bigger effect and for that matter ethane exports. I do think thats the more likely effect, PJ.
PJ Juvekar: Okay. And then secondly you are seeing some declines in crop protection sales. Can you talk about the dynamic going into next year? Do you think with low green prices that crop protection pricing could go down? Thank you.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, look I think there is a-- the cropcamaraderie price of this crop-- this corn harvest, the fact that weve had the weather issues. I mean weather are almost impossible to predict. But look were watching the prices very, very closely. There is some corn acreage decrease, soy acreage increase. So theres a rotation going on. Lower prices will result in fewer planted acres and loss of some marginal application volume. So were not overly concerned about it right now, but we are watching it very closely. What we get help by is all about new product launches which obviously on patent and it will give us margin expansion even if there is in the more what I would call generic word some price compression.
Operator: And our final question comes from Frank Mitsch with Wells Fargo Securities.
Frank Mitsch: Good morning. Hi. Just respond to Peters comment, I was actually around in 1973 and I dont remember the chemical cycle but I do remember the Mets dropped Game 7 of the World Series and I was very upset about that. Hey, congrats to Bill on your pending retirement and obviously to the other gentleman on their new positions. Andrew, you said earlier that were not paying enough attention to the self-help and some of the projects that you have coming on and I was wondering if you could give an update on the timing as well as the potential cost versus expectations for the Freeport PDH project, the ethane flexibility project and of course Sadara.
Andrew Liveris: Yes. So mid-2015 port PDH is on track, on schedule, on budget. Feel very, very good about that projects, very close now. LA3, the ethane flexibility project will be Q4 and Sadara is the early start up shale will be as you know that will come in phases. It will be mid-2015, probably the tail end of the Q2, Q3 timeframe. So, very big start-ups for us, a very big impact of the EBITDA lines given this dynamic that weve been describing.
Frank Mitsch: Let's keep it in the two-question mode. And look, on the last call, I believe the topic of MLPs came up. And there was some discussion about railcar or pipeline infrastructure. Obviously, you did the sale lease back on the railcar. Where do you stand on the whole MLP discussion?
Andrew Liveris: Well its very interesting to see whats going on now with one of our competitors right now and their MLP float price and where they are. So look as everything tax efficient structures have pluses and minuses, it does for companies like ours pretty limit you much to the new projects, if you now look at them, weve looked at the new projects quite a lot and frankly we're not a huge fan -- I mean I think it's going to create complications and it is going to make it very much more difficult especially with all this volatility. So Bill, do you want to 
Bill Weideman: Yes, we have looked at those Frank, Howard will continue to look at those, there is obviously pros and cons, but you also need to understand also the best ones are to fix return ones but it add more volatility back in your base earnings. Having said that, we are open mind we will continue to look at those as we go forward but as Andrew mentioned they need to -- it would only make sense as some of our new assets that are -- that have a high tax basis.
Jack Broodo: That ends our question period, were going to turn the call over to Andrew for some closing comments.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, so I think in close, a strong for us, eight quarters in a row now. Strong cash flows in the quarter, more to come, the cycle question is a great question in terms of the cash coming and we are already starting to see it, more productivity come, the divestiture questions, we will have lot more granularity at investor day and all of that portfolio moves of the get out of low ROC businesses and bulk up in the organic growth programs that some of the questions were asking about finding ways to continue to grow through internal M&A, no big M&A of the outside type, we don't have any need for it, we have plenty of growth in this company, shareholder enumeration -- remuneration we are going to be very shareholder friendly, have been, we will continue to be and thats where our cash is going to go. We are listening to our investors and we'd love for you all to come to our investor forum to hear more about how our cash story is going to benefit our investors for the short, medium and long-term.
Jack Broodo: Thank you everyone for your questions today. As always we appreciate your interest in the Dow Chemical Company. For your reference a copy of our prepared comments will be posted on Dows website later today. This concludes our call for today. We look forward to speaking with you again soon.
Operator: This concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Dow Chemical Companys Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Results conference call. You may signal to ask a question by pressing star, one at any time during todays presentation. Also, todays call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Doug May, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Doug May: Thank you, Lauren. Good morning everyone and welcome. As usual, were making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. The call is the property of the Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dows written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dows Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Bill Weideman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Around 7:00 am this morning, July 23, our earnings release went out on business wire and was posted on the internet on dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments on this conference call. These slides are posted on our website and through the link to our webcast. Some of our comments today include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimates, and we dont plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If youd like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and on our website. Unless otherwise specified, al comparisons presented today will be on a year-over-year basis. Sales comparisons exclude divestitures, EBITDA, EBITDA margin, return on capital, and earnings comparisons exclude certain items. The agenda for todays call is on Slide 3. I will now hand the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Doug. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. As you noted from our release this morning, Dow delivered another quarter of earnings growth, achieving impressive results on both the top and bottom line. Our foundation is solid. Were delivering consistent earnings growth, driving strong cash flow from operations, improving return on capital, and aggressively pursuing portfolio rationalization, all the while increasingly rewarding our shareholders. Specifically on Slide 3, youll see that earnings per share grew 16% year-over-year; in fact, this represents our seventh consecutive quarter of EPS, EBITDA and EBITDA margin growth. On the top line, we delivered sales increases across all operating segments, and this included a first half sales and EBITDA record in Dow Agricultural Sciences. When coupled with the companys ongoing productivity improvements, these sales gains drove EBITDA margin expansion of 40 basis points, reaching 15%. In particular, we delivered a significant improvement in performance materials. EBITDA was up 36%, a strong example of our productivity actions taking hold. We also achieved EBITDA increases in other key segments such as electronic and functional materials and performance plastics. Importantly, we achieved the results even in the midst of a continued slow growth environment and with some meaningful headwinds from purchase feedstocks and energy costs as well as planned and unplanned outages. Our results this quarter represent steady and continuous improvement in return on capital and illustrate progress against our strategic priorities which are clearly focused on rewarding shareholders. Were delivering our results as promised  this is our commitment and our top priority. Well update you on all these priorities later in the presentation. For now, let me turn it over to Bill Weideman who will discuss this quarters financials. Bill?
Bill Weideman: Thank you, Andrew. Let me begin on Slide 5 with the highlights for the second quarter. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.74 per share. This compares with $0.64 per share in the same quarter last year. Earnings grew 16% as a result of increased sales and lower costs. Sales were up 3% to $14.9 billion. Increases were reported in all operating segments led by performance plastics, as well as sales gains in electronic and functional materials and ag. EBITDA was $2.2 billion. EBITDA gains were led by performance materials with notable increases also reported in electronic and functional materials and performance plastics, reflecting our business-by-business approach to driving both growth and productivity. I will now turn to Slide 6 where you can see the drivers of our performance this quarter where we increased margins and drove sales growth in all operating segments. The company also benefited from ongoing productivity measures which enabled higher asset utilization and additional cost reductions. These efforts overcame the headwinds Andrew mentioned earlier in the call, including more than $100 million from the outages in Plaquemine. Further, we remain on track with our commitment to associate with our restructuring actions. Before turning the call back to Andrew, I will close with some insights regarding what we expect to see in the third quarter. Overall, we are not planning on any meaningful macroeconomic improvement in the back half of the year. We expect ag sales to decline sequentially in line with typical seasonal patterns, and we expect ongoing market demand and positive pricing dynamics to drive continued strong results in performance plastics. Planned turnaround spending will decline about $50 million versus the second quarter levels; however, these costs will increase about $75 million to $100 million versus the third quarter of last year with the planned turnarounds. The majority of this increased spend is expected to impact feedstock and energy, performance plastics, and performance materials. Capital expenditures for the year are estimated to be between $3.4 billion and $3.6 billion, reflecting a deliberate effort to accelerate the start-up of our key growth projects. Now Id like to turn the call back over to Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Bill. In summary, the second quarter is another solid proof point of Dows progress and the outcome of focused actions we continue to take on the top and bottom line to drive earnings increases across our portfolio. We are delivering on our strategic priorities, which are shown on Slide 8. These priorities are bridging our near-term execution in 2014 with our near-term strategy of generating sustainable returns once our key projects start up in 2015. I will now describe how we are tracking on priorities 1, 2 and 3 by segment, then Ill update you on priorities 4 through 6. So turning to Slide 9, by driving productivity actions across the businesses, targeting certain businesses for growth, being strict stewards of capital, and driving EVA and ROC, we are growing margins in all of our segments. For example, in electronic and functional materials and performance plastics, businesses that we have committed to grow, we are growing and our EBITDA margins are expanding as we continue to further penetrate attractive markets such as the ones shown on this slide. In performance materials, a segment that we have committed to improve, our consistent actions over the last many quarters continue to gain traction, resulting in significant EBITDA increases this quarter. We are taking aggressive cost actions and implementing a broader productivity focus to enhance results, particularly in polyurethanes and epoxy. We are seeing the benefit of these collective actions which we put in place 12 months ago now, and with more upside to come. Our polyurethanes and epoxy teams are hard at work delivering new EBITDA despite business-specific and industry challenges, and when coupled with the upcoming start-up of our PDH investment and our Sadara joint venture, we are well positioned to further restore and enhance our earnings profile across performance materials. In other words, we said we would improve, and we are. We said we would grow, and we are. We are doing all the things we said and more, and through this combination of operational, financial and strategic priorities, we are overcoming known headwinds to deliver stronger year-over-year results. Let me give you some deeper insights into what we are seeing in our key segments and markets. Turning to Slide 10, beginning with Dow Electronic Materials, strong customer relationships and differentiated technology platforms are driving growth for this business. We delivered increased sales in Asia Pacific in the second quarter and drove gains in interconnect technologies on higher demand for printed circuit boards in smartphones and automobiles. Looking forward, we expect mid to high single digit revenue growth from semiconductors and foundry demand, coupled with higher MSI growth, giving us ongoing optimism for this business through the end of 2014 into 2015. In functional materials, our businesses are benefiting from above-market growth in key attractive market sectors such as energy and pharmaceuticals. For example, in the second quarter Dow Microbial Control delivered double-digit sales gains growth in North America on increased sales of customized solutions aligned with the energy sector. On top of this growth, our outlook on functional materials continues to be positive as food, pharmaceutical and personal care market sectors also trend upwards, further supporting increased demand for Dow technologies. On Slide 11, in Dow Coating Materials top line gains coupled with cost and productivity actions remain our focus. In the second quarter, the business delivered above-market sales increases in both architectural and industrial coatings in nearly all regions. When coupled with ongoing enhancements to productivity, we expect this business to grow margins year-over-year, however, this will be partially tempered by costs related to short-term supply constraints in monomers. In Dow Water and Process Solutions, technology-driven growth continues on increasing demand. For example, we are bringing in-home water purification to consumers in water scarce regions through the Dow Filmtec RO System. In addition, Dows Tequatic Plus fine particle filter is a groundbreaking solution for treating difficult high-solids water and helping reduce industry costs and waste. Overall, our demand remains strong for this sector will Dow positioned as the leading technology provider. In Dow Building and Construction, market growth remains somewhat tepid, although we are seeing encouraging signs as year-to-date growth is indeed outpacing the market. With conditions varying by region, we maintain a tight focus on productivity gains, particularly in Europe where we have seen dramatic improvements in our profitability. Further, our material science expertise is enabling access to new applications in insulation, roofing and tile. Shifting to agricultural sciences on Slide 12 and our market outlook for this important source of momentum for our company, we continue to deliver strong top line performance illustrated by record sales in both the quarter as well as year-to-date. Our market outlook for this segment remains positive with overall industry growth expected in the mid single digit range. This business, as highlighted in this quarters results, continues to outperform its competitors based on its strong linkages to Dows manufacturing and R&D engines. Sales of new crop protection products increased 18% in the first half, demonstrating that our technology leadership and manufacturing expertise in this sector continues to serve as a solid foundation for ongoing growth. Dow is also capturing the benefit of strong fundamentals in the global seeds industry, growth that is projected at 4% to 6% in the near term. Notably within the quarter, Dows seeds business drove growth in both corn and soybeans in North America and Latin America. With Dow as the owner, we have doubled the value of this business over the past five to seven years and have clear plans in place to do it again over the same time frame, leveraging the strengths of Dows chemical and material sciences expertise in manufacturing and R&D to create new molecules and novel traits that would drive growth across this franchise, and to produce them at a low cost to serve. Shifting to performance materials on Slide 13 where cost reductions and productivity have been our operating mantra for well over a year, sales were up year-over-year and fundamentals continue to improve for market sectors aligned to our polyurethanes value chain, notably in consumer comfort and industrial. Improving adoption of new energy regulations is also driving increased energy efficiency demand. Our cost reduction efforts have yielded results as well with significant margin expansion year-over-year in the polyurethanes value chain. Looking at the specialty chemicals portion of this portfolio, Dow oil & gas and mining grew sales double digits on continued strength from increased project fills in Europe, Middle East and Africa, and increased exploration and production demand in North America. We are also seeing demand growth in Amines, particularly in the consumer, industrial and construction markets. We expect these trends to continue in the second half. Fundamentals in the automotive sector also remain solid as demand in North America, China and Europe continues to be positive. Sales in Dow automotive reflect upward trends in this sector, evidenced by above market growth in the business on customer adoption of differentiated technologies such as Betamate structural adhesives, which are enabling lighter weight vehicles to improve fuel efficiency. We expect the automotive sector to remain a source of positive growth for this business and for the performance materials segment overall. Turning to performance plastics on Slide 14 where we continue to deliver growth in attractive end markets such as packaging, hygiene, and medical. For example, in Dow packaging and specialty plastics, application development remains strong. As the market drives towards comfort and convenience, Dow is innovating around flexibility and durability. We grew sales in the target markets I just mentioned and are pointing our resources directly at these attractive sectors with industry-leading R&D that is differentiated and unique to Dow versus our pure commodity competitors, and our new capital investments on the U.S. Gulf Coast and in Sadara position us well to continue long-term growth in this high margin business. On Slide15, you can see that we are driving near-term margin expansion and growth as we continue to drive segment-specific actions. As you know, we have defined near-term margin expansion targets by segment and we have outlined the impact of each strategic value driver to you before, as shown on this slide, and we are investing in our high growth, high margin businesses. This quarter demonstrated that we can selectively grow on the top line while also maintaining an intense focus on productivity on the bottom line, and this balanced approach to value creation is yielding increasing sustainable returns across our enterprise. Very few companies can do both productivity and growth well. Dow has the unique capability to succeed in both arenas, maximizing return on capital. Im going to now turn to our near-term priorities, which you can see on Slide 17, and review aspects of priorities 1 and 2 as well as 4 through 6. On Slide 18, you can see on the priority we call Priority 1  Successful Start-up of Sadara and U.S. Gulf Coast Investments, a few comments first on Sadara. We said we would leverage our technology and scale to enable cost advantaged growth aligned to attractive markets and regions, and we are delivering via this once-in-a-generation project. Let me be clear  the unique nature of Dows technology prowess and expertise coupled with Saudi Aramcos tremendous capabilities, have enabled us to create the worlds largest chemical complex ever built in a single phase. Only through this unique partnership will this be one of the very few projects in the region completed on time and on budget. The first units are slated for operations in mid-2015 with full start-up in 2016. We have more than 55,000 contractors on site and 800 Dow project experts with engineering finalized and construction more than 65% complete. On the U.S. Gulf Coast, we said that we would capitalize on positive shale gas and NOG fundamentals to connect low-cost feedstocks to downstream technology-based growth, and we are delivering. Our investments in the region are progressing well, evidenced clearly by the June groundbreaking on our world-scale ethylene production facility in Freeport, Texas, which will start up in mid-2017. Our PVH investment is on track for start-up in mid-2015 with 1,600 workers on site, 90% of the equipment on location, and more than 30% of construction already complete. In Louisiana, the timing of our ethane flexibility project remains as planned with a 2015 start-up. Cost inflation on the U.S. Gulf Coast is real; however, we planned for inflationary pressures and it has not caught us by surprise. These projects remain on budget, and through our scale and first mover advantage, we are mitigating these pressures. Looking across the program, we continue to carefully monitor the economics of these projects. We are leveraging equipment design and sourcing across our global supply chain to remain ahead of the cost curve Further, we are capitalizing on our early mover advantage to secure and retain a skilled labor workforce, keeping costs as tight as possible. These growth catalysts are a key priority for our company, as are our accretive innovation investments which are part of Priority 2 on Slide 19. In fact, innovation is essential in markets where it is rewarded to stay ahead of product commoditization life cycles. On our sales from patent advantaged products in 2013, we delivered an average of 13% higher margins versus sales from non-patent advantaged products. This depth and breadth of our innovation pipeline was highlighted in July as five Dow technologies were recognized by R&D Magazine. These technologies span the sectors of our key markets  water, food, energy, automotive  with solutions that are solving global challenges and driving sustainable and profitable growth for Dow. Let me also dwell on one of our key product launches for 2015, Enlist. Through the combination of novel traits and Dows proprietary herbicide technology, our Enlist weed control system is a fundamental example of how our innovations and expertise in chemistry and biology are enabling differentiated solutions that farmers need now. Our current feedback confirms that this innovation remains on track for a 2015 launch. The upside from these innovations together with the growth expected from our strategic investments in Priority No. 1 are collectively positioning Dow well over the near and long term for earnings growth and increased cash flow. So now turning to another of our key priorities, our announced divestiture program, where we continue to make significant headway, which is of course included in Priority No. 4. As you can see on Slide 20, we have identified a target of $4.5 billion to $6 billion in proceeds from shedding non-strategic assets and businesses. We maintain our commitment to achieving this target by year-end 2015. One key transaction, of course, is our chlorine carve out. Market response to our announcement has been positive with strong early interest, and we have a dedicated team of more than 100 professionals working diligently on every aspect of this seminal project. We are currently fine-tuning the scope to maximize preserved integration benefits and ensure we mitigate stranded costs, which is very complex work and involves hundreds of product and utility streams. As we look ahead, were making critical operating model shifts for Dow as well as for any perspective partner or buyer to ensure we maximize the full benefit of this completed transaction. We will not trade future earnings for one-time transaction value and thereby render downstream businesses uncompetitive. On Slide 21, utilizing our best earner lens, we have also examined potential alternative uses for the capital currently allocated to our assets such as rail cars, real estate, terminals, and other infrastructure; and through this process we identified nearly $1 billion in expected proceeds from assets we believe are better suited for more strategic owners or in different financial structures, and we believe we can complete more than half of these by year-end. This includes our rail car fleet, where we expect to release more than $500 million in value over the next six months. We are also reviewing every aspect of our joint venture portfolio, identifying opportunities to release even further value and returning this value to our shareholders, especially from our large joint ventures. In sum, our full divestiture program is accelerating on track and moving forward as outlined on this slide, with 12 corporate teams fully engaged and driving this process forward, directly accountable to our executive committee. On Slide 22, collectively our projects in Priority together with our cost savings and productivity ramp-up and the upcoming launch of accretive innovations such as Enlist are positioning Dow to achieve EBITDA north of $10 billion in the near term. Items such as lower pension expense, greater operating leverage, and further productivity efforts will serve as upside on top of the growth from these catalysts and our business-specific actions embedded in our strategic priorities. Our sixth priority is actually our number one priority, which can be summarized on Slide 24. Our unrelenting focus remains on generating returns that exceed the cost of capital, generating cash and rewarding our shareholders. Our performance this quarter underscores the intensity with which we are executing through our focus on both growth and productivity, and using EVA momentum to drive improvements on return on capital, illustrated by our 150 basis point increase in ROC year-over-year. We have described a number of near-term growth catalysts in our portfolio, including an industry-leading performance plastics franchise with best-in-industry R&D and a low cost position which is being further enhanced in 2015 with our Sadara and U.S. Gulf Coast investments; our strong set of integrated franchise businesses such as Dow AgriSciences, electronic materials, professional materials and coatings that will yield results from key investments; and a recovering set of value-driving businesses such as polyurethanes all contributing to the bottom line, plus the investments made in the 2010-2014 time frame will begin benefiting these investments in 2015 and beyond. All of these catalysts plus our focused productivity actions would generate strong cash flows in 2015 and beyond. Simply put, the early stages of this cash flow have been put to use to accelerate our cash flow story in the back half of this decade. In the meantime, we have aggressively returned cash to you, our shareholders, with $3 billion in the first half of 2014 alone through declared dividends and share repurchases, and another $2.1 billion in share buyback due yet this year. In summary, our six strategic priorities are in full execution mode with near-term cash generation fully committed to these organic investments and to shareholder remuneration. We are constantly reviewing our cash flow to increasingly focus on rewarding our shareholders. That is our commitment. With that, Doug, lets turn to Q&A.
Doug May: Thank you, Andrew. Now well move you to questions. First, however, Id like to remind you that my comments regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply both to our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Lauren, would you please walk through the Q&A procedure?
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from PJ Juvekar with Citi.
PJ Juvekar: Yes, thank you and good morning. In coating and infrastructure, your results were kind of flattish while your customers are reporting some really good numbers, so it seems that they are getting a disproportionate amount of value while the suppliers are not getting that. So what can you do about that and what kind of discussions are you having with them?
Andrew Liveris: Yes PJ, actually Dow coatings and materials has now had several consecutive quarters of good revenue growth; in fact, this particular quarter, plus 5%. If you look at some of our downstreams, they have revenue growth of 5%, 7%, and one had actually a bang-up quarter at double digits. They have a different operating model  I think there was newspaper article about that yesterday in the Wall Street Journal. Each of their operating models vary  some are heavy industrial, some are heavy architectural, some are in stores, some are not in stores with OEMs, some at the discount stores, some are not. What weve got is a group of customers that are actually in all of those, and what were doing with them is two things to get our share of the value. One is innovation, clearly, and our launch of Formashield is a good example of that. Formashield, as you may know, is to take formaldehyde out of the air to improve indoor air quality. That gives us premium pricing at customers accounts who want to pay for that based on their brand promise. A very notable paint company on the west coast has a premium brand just purely based on brand promise of quality, including air quality. But its not just innovation. It also has to be low cost to serve, and there we are really, if you like, working hard on the input costs. Now, weve had some issues on monomers in terms of outages, and that hurt the results a little bit in this past quarter for coatings and monomers  I indicated that in my script. But we are fixing those  Deer Park has been quite a challenge these last many years to operate with consistency, but its getting there; and of course SAMCo, our JV in Saudi Arabia, is really helping our position in the Far East and the Middle East. Europe has been a drag, but its now starting to improve. All of that to tell you between innovation and lower cost to serve, we believe we can get our piece of the value pie; but well never be a paint company, and of course just like every downstream from us, whether its a consumer goods company like Procter and Gamble, they have their value proposition, we have ours. We need to improve our ROC, and were doing that in our part of the envelope.
Bill Weideman: PJ, this is Bill. Just to add one thing on the bottom line, as Andrew alluded to, this is a big turnaround quarter also for chemicals, for coatings and infrastructure, and our turnaround expense there year-over-year was up about $20 million due to planned turnaround, so that affected the bottom line.
PJ Juvekar: Thank you. Andrew, quickly on ag, youve said in the past that the real (indiscernible) value, you would think about expanding or a combination. Any further thoughts on that?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, look  weve indicated multiple timeswell firstly, let me start from the top of the headline. There are no sacred cows here  were not keeping a business for the sake of keeping it. There is none of that. We are growing this business, as I indicated with the quarterly report here. This quarter, this half theres been incredible launches of new products. We outperformed the market for a reason. We are developing new products at a pace which is outpacing our competitors, especially in crop protection, but notably even in seeds and traits. So crop protection is outpacing growth here with that 18% increase that I indicated, and as we increase value, this becomes a more valuable property. What were doing is shedding from the other end of the Dow enterprise, the low ROC businesses, the businesses we cant grow; and if we ever did do a deal that releases one-time value, we need to ensure that we can replace it with higher value inside the enterprise. In other words, well upgrade value for value, not for a one-time transaction. But we are open to any sorts of conversations, and I can tell you that this industry probably has one more round of it in the future. Were an open book, open discussion to anyone who has a good idea.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: Good morning. Your stock is bouncing around the conversion level for the preferred shares, and it was hard to tell if there was much net share reduction sequentially when I look at the share count thats out there. Maybe you could give us a comment on your plans on how you plan to deal with the conversion event and neutralizing those shares with buyback.
Bill Weideman: Yes John, this is Bill. Ill give you a little bit of numbers here on the share repurchase program. So as you know, we really ramped that up, if you will, the first of the year, so if you see a comparison versus same quarter a year ago, our shares are up. But if you look at versus this year and you look at prior quarter, our actual share count is down. So in the quarter, second quarter, we purchased about 17 million shares, as you know, at a total cost of about $850 million, and the total program weve bought back about 51 million shares now for $2.4 billion. Our share count actually, the average share count for the EPS calculation, as you know, went down 10 million shares this quarter, and you should expect that to continue to occur going forward. The reason is not the full impact, its the share is an average number at the beginning of the period and its a weighted average, so thats the reason. But youll continue to see that going down. Yes, you are true  our share price is getting close to the conversion price, and as you know, that is the most value-creating option there for us for our shareholders, so our desire there obviously is for our share price to continue to appreciate and then convert those into common.
John Roberts: And then on the chlorine carve-out, your text says by the year end 15 close the deal. Is the plan still to have a definitive deal announced by the end of 14?
Andrew Liveris: Yes John, we would aim to do that. Again, were not going to run to the wrong answer here because of the stranded cost issue that I mentioned in my remarks. This is a complex carve-out  I cant emphasize that enough. I made enough comments in the script to let you know how complex it is; but yes, that would be the intent. Theres nothing that tells us right now we cant do that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Bob Koort: Thank you, good morning. Andrew, I guess youre on the cusp here of the next ag season, selling your Enlist product. I was wondering if you could talk about the challenges farmers have today with herbicide resistance, and then what sort of costs are you able to save them from using a seed-contained product as opposed to a secondary herbicide treatment.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, this is a very granular question, Bob, so Ill try and give a couple of quick punchlines here, and of course Ill follow up with you and anyone else that wants to know more detail. Clearly the efficacy of Enlist Duo, which is the combo, which is of course 2,4-D resistance as well as glyphosate resistance, has embedded in it quite a lot of user-friendliness for the farmer, including the reduction of cost. We have not shared farmer economics with anyone right now, but clearly 2,4-D is so widely used, so ubiquitous, they see it as a solution that they want; but of course, doing this with choline chemistry takes out the VOC issue and the drift issue and any of the issues with 2,4-D, which is why this is such a great introduction. It really is a better, friendlier version of 2,4-D chemistry with, of course, the tolerance and the resistance that you would get from glyphosate as well. Glyphosate resistance is a big issue for farmers and theyre working very hard on finding a reformulation. They are screaming for this one because of their knowledge of 2,4-D chemistry. Clearly the other part of this is that its a combo. The fact that we can apply it to soybeans as well as corn is a massive, massive positive for them, and clearly theyve used 2,4-D for these purposes for over 60 years in more than 70 countries worldwide with thousands of pages of scientific studies, hundreds and hundreds of agencies and regulators giving it its approval, so it really is an in-place substitution for them. So frankly, the farmer economics both on refuge in a bag as well as efficacy of (indiscernible) is very compelling. I wont speak specifically to pricing.
Bob Koort: And you mentioned monetizing some corporate and maybe some JV interest. I think you even implied especially your larger JVs. I was wondering if you could give us an update or assessment on how Dow Corning and maybe how the petrochemical JVs you have are performing and what the outlook there is.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, look  I would say QHJVs in general have been Kuwait JVs in general have been good, steady earners for Dow. Theyve got a low-cost position, whether its in Kuwait or Canada, and as a consequence of that, theyve been contributing to our equity earnings quite handily here these lastwell actually, over a decade but certainly these last five years. Dow Corning has gone through its major bump with polysilicon  that obviously was a mess of recalibration of their earnings capability. Theyre doing the best in the polysilicon world because they are the low-cost producer. They dont have the margins they used to have, so Hemlock is not doing as well as it did a few years ago. Now if you look at both of those sets of JVs and you look at my statement, the product mix in the Kuwait JVs is a commodity product mix in the main. Dow Corning is a downstream value-add company that needs low cost to serve. What we need to do is get very transparent on how you see those results so they dont get lost in our reporting, and thats what were working on  trying to figure out ways to do that and of course be value creating and accretive. So our focus is on both of those; and Bill, I dont know if you want to add anything.
Bill Weideman: Yes, overalljust to add, overall our equity earnings, as you know, were flat year-over-year; but as Andrew alluded, the greater Kuwait JVs earnings are up year-over-year, Dow Corning earnings are up year-over-year, and then those are offset in terms of increased cost in Sadara as we ramp for production here next year. So overall, our base joint ventures continue to drive earnings increases, including Dow Corning.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Butler with Glen Hill Investments.
Peter Butler: Yes, good morning. Do you havehave there been any significant developments in your Dow AgroSciences research pipeline, looking beyond the Enlist coming next year?
Andrew Liveris: Absolutely, Peter. One of the things I implied in the answer to PJs question is we have Enlist, but we have a strong pipeline of other products being launched as we speak. I would tell you that our launches in the crop protection side have been as impressive as anything on the trait side. Having said that, we just had a novel USDA deregulation of a novel insect-resistant trait, and this is going to provide soybean farmers with a broad spectrum for insect control against something called lepidopteran. I want you to understand that  thats a pest, okay, so a bad thing. So this is now being part of our comprehensive soybean strategy, and this is really the key thing I want to say, that apart from our crop protection, new herbicides and new insecticides, our focus on soybeans and between Enlist and this new novel insecticide technology (indiscernible) just mentioned, these are massive new products and will enable us to double the value of Dow AgroScience these next few years. These are broad spectra weed control as well as pest control, lower drift, lower volatility with Enlist, and user friendly to the farmer. Weve never been as excited about our pipeline in Dow AgroScience. This has been actually an eight-year effort that is bearing fruit today, and you saw it in the first half results of AgroScience.
Peter Butler: Andrew, youve been discussing this possible next consolidation step for it seems like several years now. Is anything coming into view?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, I mean look  Id say there is quite a few things coming into view. One is that the European market and its maybe acceptance of GMO is an accelerator with 28 countries now potentially looking at listing, allowing GMO. Thats going to change the landscape and really bring North America and Europe more in line and create new value for the in-place players that have the technology. European standards will be very strict, soand well say that youve got to have a combination of crop protection strength and trait strength, and the single-line players, theyre going to realize that with time they just cant rely on one or the other. I think the mythology of everything moving to biology is gone. I think its a combination of biology and chemistry thats going to play, and were very proud of the fact that we have both crop protection and biology, that combo, and the crop protection is truly based on Dows strengths. So look  you can see that whats going to happen here is the five or six top guys are going to look at ways to combine. Obviously, the early way to do that is through licensing and exclusive licenses, but clearly theres a model out there for releasing value through consolidation and bulking up on both sides of the house.
Operator: Our next question comes from Frank Mitsch with Wells Fargo Securities.
Frank Mitsch: Hey, good morning gentlemen. Obviously the performance plastics business was a star here in the quarter despite the $100 million outage from Plaquemine. Bill, I think when you were talking about the business, it was sounding like third quarter could even be better. Can you talk about the sequential price increase  I know price was up 7% year-over-year. Can you talk about the sequential price increase and what sort of momentum youre carrying in that business into Q3?
Bill Weideman: Yes Frank, so youre exactly right. Plastics, as you pointed out, performance plastics overcame $100 million headwind on the two outages we had in the crackers in Plaquemine. From an overall performance plastics standpoint, industry dynamics are very strong. There is very low inventory levels. There is pricing momentum  you saw that in this quarter. Its our belief that will continue. On top of that, youre seeing ethane costs down now around $0.23, $0.24, so we expect margins going into the third quarter to remain very strong.
Frank Mitsch: Terrific, thanks so much. Andrew, when youre talking about Priority 5 on Slide 21, you mentioned that to release value in rail cars over the next six months. Frankly, thats a faster timeline than I would have anticipated, given the fact that you guys are involved so much in the chlor-alkali carve-out. I think you also mentioned other financial structures as a possibility. Was that a nod to possible MLP-ing of those assets, and just more broadly, where do you stand on the whole topic of MLP?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, I think one more data point that we provided you on this call, Frank, that partly answers your first question on speed and timelines, and that is we have 12 corporate teams actively engaged. I mentioned we have 100 people on the chlorine carve-out. This is a company thats paralleling execution on the operating side as well as execution on the transaction side to release value and to become more transparent where it makes money, and as a consequence were dropping lower ROC activities or activities that are best in the hands of other ownership models. Then to the second part of your question, we believe rail cars can go to another model. We also believe that wed be quite open to structures that are tax advantaged, such as MLP; but implied in your question is, is there a big MLP structure of the Westlake kind in our future? Probably not, because were a very different type of upstream assets operator. We operate 18 upstream assets integrated around machine, and maybe the new assets can bewe can look at them, for example PDH. We are examining all those, but we dont see any silver bullet in some of these structures for our mainstream businesses yet. But for sure ancillary assets, wed be definitely looking at them.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Andrew, looking at Slide 18, Priority 1, youre obviously very, very busy; but whats beyond 2017 as we go through these next couple years? Can you talk a little bit about what drives Dow in the last two, three years of this decade in terms of new projects or innovation, et cetera?
Andrew Liveris: Its very good to first acknowledge that were very busy, and secondly to put us into that timeframe because, quite rightly David, weve had 18 months of strategic reviews with our board and weve done a five-year plan, weve done a 10-year plan, as most companies do. When you put a stake in the ground for years like 2025, you obviously are thinking about projects in 2018, 2020, 2022. Were not going to disclose those plans to the market quite right now. We have a lot of work to do to get to 2015, 2016, 2017, and Ive already implied that were going to generate a lot of cash and that cash is going to our shareholders. So were going through a massive capex bubble right now, were using that cash obviously from operations, which has been pretty good and getting better with our productivity focus, and were putting that into organic growth such as these big facilities that well be starting up in the first part of this back half of this decade. The second part of the decade, we have a very robust R&D pipeline where we can make choices to go narrower and deeper, and weve implied over time that there are markets we want to go deeper in and weve given you the five or six that were concentrating on. Well be looking at ways to keep bulking up and becoming more significant to customers in that part of the marketplace, not all parts of the market. In that sense, the Dow model of if you build it, they will come, or tons-r-us, or build a facility and move rail cars and move pallets, is behind us. We are in the value side of the conversation, which is a bit like the question I got on coatings from PJ  where is the biggest value in the value chains? Where is the biggest ROC in those value chains, and put scarce capital against those. So going narrower, going deeper, making choices in the back half of the decade off of our robust R&D pipeline. We will be looking at projects on an ongoing basis. There is no big M&A in our future  Ive said that over and over. We are looking at bolt-on M&As to improve capabilities, whether it be in electronics or ag or even some of the businesses like water. These are the sorts of things you can expect from us in the back half of the decade.
David Begleiter: And just on Sadara, Andrew, how should we think about the ramp-up in the back half of next year in terms of the ethylene and polyethylene units coming on stream and modeling that for our numbers for next year?
Andrew Liveris: So firstly to get this thing to 70% complete, as you well know, is pretty impressive, and I cant speak highly enough about the JV, the people in the JV, the project teams in the Dow and Aramco people who are working seamlessly together. Having 55,000 contractors on one site is unimaginable to most, and so as we look at the start-up of these units, its complex. I mean, youve got all these units being constructed, and in the middle of it youre going to start up a cracker and youre going to start up polyethylene units to get early revenues and get early profits, obviously. But those are the right ones to start up first, because obviously theyre off the low-cost inputs that are available in the kingdom and we can see that the EBITDA that will come from those in the 2015-2016 timeframe will help make this project very accretive in a much faster fashion. But we havent given you enough information yet to model the earnings, other than you can expect average annual equity earnings contribution to us of half a billion dollars in the first 10 years of operation. Ill let Bill add anything he wants here, but I would wait another six to 12 months before we get into any specific guidance there, David.
Bill Weideman: Yeah, Ill leave it at that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Don Carson with Susquehanna Financial.
Don Carson: Hi Andrew. A question on ag, more the near term. Youre one of the few players in seed thats actually talked about better first half results, given that corn was down in the Americas. I know youve got a small position in the U.S. but a big position down in Brazil, so what is it thats enabled you to grow your corn seed business? You seem pretty optimistic on the second half outlook despite what appears to be some real headwinds in South America, specifically down corn acreage, so just wondering if you could reconcile some of those conflicting data points.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, its a great insight, Don, and something Id expect from you following ag so closely. I mean, we definitely are beating competition in Latin America corn despite some of the issues that are going on there, mostly and totally because of our technology. Its the multiple stack, its Powercore, and frankly its Powercore multiple stack thats overcoming the issue on one particular trait thats down there. I think weve been able to gain share as a result, and consequently our positioning going forward is that we will continue to be winners down there on corn, even though you mentioned of course the outlook you do, which we of course agree with. But we also not only have that, but we also have bodads (ph) in general  broad spectrum crop protection capabilities, and this is of course pre-Enlist  were not totally Enlist yet. As a consequence of that, the combination of Powercore and the broad spectra herbicides we have has made us a winner.
Don Carson: Then moving to a different area, youve maintained very good innovation despite R&D being cut  I think this is the first quarter in the last few quarters that R&D has stabilized. So where did you make cuts in R&D, and how were you able to make those cuts and still maintain that innovation track record?
Andrew Liveris: Are you talking in ag particularly or
Don Carson: No, just R&D overall. Its been six months flat to year-over-year this quarter for the first time in a long time.
Andrew Liveris: Well very simply, its what were doing for the entire enterprise, which is bang for the buck. We said about a year ago  Ive lost track of the time  where we did start to make cuts in the spend of far out projects. We also made cuts in the spend of a lot of alternative energy projects, so we took some bets there and some of those bets were just too far out. I mean, yeah, you could see that out there in the future, alternative energy will have a role, whether it be batteries or biofuels or you name it; but its too far out for us, and we were all for R&D but we want to be able to count the R&D productivity just like we count any cost input here at Dow. So near-term MPVs, things that are touchable and visible in terms of the commercialization of the pipeline, working closely with marketing, thats been the way weve prioritized, and I think our pipeline hasnt suffered as a result. The risk-adjusted MPV is still double-digit billions of dollars - $10 billion or so. A few years ago, that might have been $12 billion, so we havent really cut, and thats all near-term now, the realization of EBITDA from that spend. Bill, did you want to add anything?
Bill Weideman: Its re-prioritization, as Andrew mentioned. Its prioritizing our investments in electronics and ag and performance packaging, and reprioritization of resources.
Doug May: Lauren, there may be time for one to two more questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Duffy Fischer with Barclays.
Duffy Fischer: Good morning, guys. Question back on the chlorine carve-out, or a couple questions around it. One, do you think its going to be one deal, or should we expect a series of deals to solve that issue for you? And then two, obviously this gets around multiple a little bit, but how should we think about dilution from carving off this asset at the end of the day?
Bill Weideman: Duffy, this is Bill. Were open and were looking at all different structures  one deal, multiple deals, and those could take different forms, so we havent nailed that down. Well take whatever structure creates the most value. From a dilutive impact, were not expecting any dilution on this at all. Were very focused on stranded costs from a standpoint of making sure we dont have any stranded costs, and so as Andrew also mentioned in his prepared comments, we are very focused on getting the right structure to maintain our integration in the go-forward. So hopefully that answers your question.
Duffy Fischer: Fair enough. This is a little bit of a rifle shot, but I think Andrew, you had mentioned tangentially kind of the issue that Herculex has had, or at least one version of Herculex has had in Brazil over the last year. Do you see that kind of damaging the Herculex franchise and potentially hitting the revenue there, or was that just kind of a one-off, one-year issue?
Andrew Liveris: Hard to say if its one-year, one-off, Duffy. It could be consistent, it could continue on. It could be pest management practices on single-mode products like Herculex 1 that will be impacted first, but were very confident, to kind of get at your point, that our stacked trait product, Powercore, will provide resistance. So even if theres some erosion there, I think well more than make up for it through the stacks.
Operator: Our next question comes from John McNulty with Credit Suisse.
John McNulty: Yes, thanks for taking my question. So with regard to your U.S. Gulf Coast projects, it sounds like youve prepared enough so that you expect them to come up on time. Can you give us some color as to how youre thinking about the industry and the huge amounts of capacity coming on and the talks of labor shortages, et cetera, and how that may impact the cycle specifically?
Andrew Liveris: Weve been pretty consistent on the supply-demand balances in the timeframe of these projects being announced in the United States. On the slow GDP growth pace, which is a global GDP of 2.5 to 3.5, and one might argue were on the lower edge of that right now, then the cycle will start to manifest itself in the late 14, 15 timeframe. And by the way, with outages this last quarter, you saw what the effect of tightening could happen very fast on pricing, so to the question we got on pricing earlier in the call. But all of that to tell you that if you look at the world at that sort of growth rate, then youre going to need world-scale crackers to be built on a ratio, picking your favorite growth rate, of one to three a year, and theres been, lets say, seven or eight announced, five to six very likely spread over a five-year timeframe. That five-year timeframe is a five-year timeframe because youre going to get, to your point, slowing some of them down. So some will come on pretty much like ours  16, 17, probably best is 17, really  and then youre going to start seeing a couple more in 18, 19, but thats it. There really isnt a whole lot more that are going to be built because of the point you made on capital and on labor; and frankly, these are out years now so theyre not going to affect the cycle that you just asked about. So were very confident that independent of low-cost imports  you know, the whole point on ethane  that the ethylene cycle and the coincidence of this new capacity are going to be quite well synchronized to advantage companies like ours.
John McNulty: Great, and then just a quick follow-up on the comments around some of the larger JVs. It sounds like you are looking for ways to unlock some value there, and certainly implied in that it may be that some get shaken out of the portfolio. But Im guess Im wondering, are there assets of relative size that you have JV partners with where, if the partner was willing to sell, youd actually be a buyer of assets as opposed to a seller of assets?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, look  were working this portfolio to keep bulking up the value-add part of the portfolio, because at the end of the day a commodity is a commodity is a commodity, and if youre going to run a commodity company, youre going to run a cycle and that cycle is going to be up and down based on your low-cost position. Nation states are pretty hard to beat, so theyre going to have policies that you cant have as a private enterprise, so our strategy has been to join them and joint venture with them. But over timeframes, those nation states are more natural owners of those JVs, and we recognize that; so then you say, well, what do we do? Well, youve got to take your innovation and then bulk up your market value-add position and still be low cost, so that kind of gives you strategically the answer. There are some more likely to come inside the shop and some more likely to go outside the shop, and were not foreshadowing any particular transaction any time soon, but the answer to your question is yes.
Doug May: Great. Andrew, do you want to maybe wrap up?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, I do. Firstly, I think youve now seen now three quarters of execution where execution is our mantra. Its another strong, solid quarter for Dow across our enterprise. Productivity played a huge role. I want to point performance materials and polyurethanes and epoxy  they delivered. Weve had an intense amount of pressure on those teams, and theyve delivered in a fairly difficult market environment. Theyre getting it through productivity and cost controls, and you can expect that across our entire enterprise. Were operating as if thats condition normal for all our businesses. But having said that, were putting a lot of effort into growing, and the projects that you asked about on the call are clear examples of that. The innovations you asked about on the call are other examples of that, all of that moving to improving ROC  150 basis point increase in ROC year-on-year is going to continue at Dow. All of that to drive shareholder returns and provide more cash remuneration to you, our shareholders. I believe were running the best set of integrated businesses on the planet and they will perform to the top of the house expectations on shareholder returns and ROC  thats our commitment.
Doug May: Thank you, Andrew. Before we conclude the call, Id like to give you an update on our investor forum. Due to venue availability conflicts, weve moved the date to November 12 and 13. The event will still take place in the Houston-Freeport area, and well have more information coming shortly. In the meantime, please mark your calendars. As always, we appreciate your interest in the Dow Chemical Company. For your reference, a copy of our prepared comments will be posted on Dows website later today. This concludes our call, and we look forward to speaking with you again soon. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company's First Quarter 2014 Earnings Results Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) Also today's call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Doug May, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Doug May: Thank you, Lauren. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, we're making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Dale Winger, Associate Director and Investor Relations. Around 7 am this morning, April 23rd, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and was posted on the Internet on dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are also posted on our website and through the link to our webcast. Some of our comments today include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimates and we dont plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments reference non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and on our Web site. Unless otherwise specified, all of our comparisons presented today will be on a year-over-year basis. Sales comparisons excluding divestitures, EBITDA, EBITDA margins, and earnings comparisons exclude certain items. The agenda for today's call is on Slide 3. I'll now hand the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Doug and good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. As you have seen from our report this morning Dow delivered another quarter of earnings growth representing in fact our sixth consecutive quarter of year-over-year increases. We delivered these results even in the midst of substantial weather and transport-related issues in the quarter and direct result of our relentless focus on operating discipline and execution, what we call self-help. That represent the latest and the steady drumbeat of performance on our march to north of $10 billion of EBITDA. If you look Slide 3, you will see that these results were illustrative of our clear strategic priorities that are shown on this slide. We are focused on delivering on our large investments such as Sadara, the U.S. Gulf Coast projects and our new project launches. But all the while driving on productivity and cost and cash control targets so as to ensure, we meet our earnings milestones and continue to grow our shareholder remuneration, and not to forget the large carve out on other divestments we have announced. These priorities align our entire organization as do a serious of execution steps many of which you are familiar with and some that is still to be revealed. They set the tone for delivering this year's earnings targets with a view to the large value and earnings drivers coming on stream next year. We will update you on all of these priorities later in this presentation. But for now, let me turn it over to Bill, who will discuss this quarter's financials.
Bill Weideman: Thank you, Andrew. Let me begin by providing an overview of the quarter on Slide 5. We delivered earnings per share of $0.79 a 14% increase year-over-year and our net income increased to $964 million as a result of our cost and operating discipline. We increased sales to $14.5 billion with growth in most of our key segments led by performance plastics, coatings and infrastructure solutions and agricultural sciences where our top line growth continues to outpace the market. From a geographic perspective, we reported volume growth in nearly all regions most notably Asia Pacific led by growth in China. EBITDA grew to $2.4 billion and importantly we continued to make progress on achieving our margin targets across key businesses with margins expanding at the company level. Further on a trailing 12-month basis, we show steady improvement in ROC delivering the fifth sequential quarter of improvement against this key metric. We continued our strict management of cost and cash evidenced by nearly 30% increase in cash flow from operations year-over-year. And finally, with our stated priorities, we continued to reward shareholders returning $1.7 billion in the first quarter including the repurchase of $1.25 billion of our stock as part of our $4.5 billion share repurchase program, which we expect to complete in 2014. Slide 6, shows the key drivers of our financial performance this quarter. We can see the benefit of the targeted actions we took across our portfolio. We controlled what we could in a slow growth business environment focusing on productivity and driving growth through our global reach despite a $300 million increase of feedstock and energy costs, we reduced our cost of sales as a percentage of revenue reflecting our ongoing improvement actions. Before I turn the call back over to Andrew, let me provide you a few assumptions for modeling purposes as we head into the second quarter. While we see normal seasonality fluctuations in the second quarter specific to turnaround activity overall market trends remain favorable, which Andrew will speak to in a moment. Plan turnaround spending will be up approximately $150 million sequentially, but essentially flat year-over-year with the majority of the expense in performance plastics, performance materials and coatings and infrastructure. Additionally, we expect a higher seasonal turnaround activity will result in a 3 to 4 percentage points sequential reduction in the company's operating rate. And finally, as feedstock process have moderated, we expect feedstock and energy cost to be approximately $100 million lower sequentially still $150 million higher than the second quarter of 2013. With that I will turn the call back over to Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Bill. We achieved margin expansion in all key operating segments and this is a solid proof point of the work we have done across our portfolio. Let me now update you on how the segments performed in the quarter and their outlook. Turning to Slide 8, growth in Dow Electronic Materials has been driven by increasing demand for connectivity and brighter, more powerful devices. This resulted in substantial sales growth in OLED materials and interconnect technologies as well as materials that address high-speed and temperature needs for cloud computing in the quarter. Additionally, our close to customer strategy will enable further margin expansion through its positive impact for the businesses operational productivity, including asset rationalizations in the United States and Europe. We expect full year and market in Dow growth to exceed that up 2013. In functional materials, we are seeing continued solid demand in targeted sectors of energy, water, food and home and personal care despite lower sales on weather impacts during the first quarter. Looking ahead, we see the trend towards unit dose in both fabric and dishwashing applications driving growth within the homecare sector. Additionally, sales in Dow Microbial Control also aligned to these key sectors continues to outpace the market. The positive trend in consumer driven solutions should see year-on-year growth in this business as well. On Slide 9 moving to Coatings and Infrastructure Solutions, strengthening global construction activity, North America, Europe and Asia Pacific was a key driver behind first quarter sales increases in architectural coatings. Further Dow Coating Materials reported its fifth consecutive quarter of year-over-year sales growth bolstered by share gains resulting from sales of novel Dow Technologies such as VOC, in fact the first vinyl acrylic VOC launched in Europe in the first quarter. In Water, demand for industrial water applications is increasing and Dow expects to realize the benefit of these increases particularly in key regions such as Asia Pacific. Growth will be positive in 2014 versus 2013. In Dow Building & Construction, we noted strong demand for innovative materials in insulation, roofing and tile applications in North America, despite the adverse winter in this region. Japan and Europe, Middle East Africa also demonstrated signs of strength in the first quarter. This unit will see the same uptick from the same drivers as Dow Coating Materials. Collectively these increases drove profitable year-over-year growth for the business and served as a clear reflection of improving fundamentals in the construction sector. Additionally results in Dow Building & Construction are further supported by the benefit from previously announced productivity measures such as reduced structural costs and asset closures in Europe. Turning to Slide 10, in Agricultural Sciences, which continues to be the important growth market for Dow. Record first quarter sales in crop protection reflect increasing farmer demand for innovative new molecules to combat resistance. Looking ahead, sales from new crop protection products are on track to exceed $1 billion by 2015 as technology launches ramp up. We are positive on demand in the second quarter, although this confidence is tempered slightly by higher than normal channel inventories in North America. We have a positive outlook for top and bottom line growth in 2014. The same can be said for our Seeds business where we expect to continue to outpace the market on the strength of our differentiated technologies including SmartStax, Refuge Advanced and PowerCore as farmer demand for stacked traits accelerates importantly our Enlist launch plans progressed and remained on a firm trajectory for U.S. launch in 2015. We expect to receive the U.S. Regulatory approvals for this highly anticipated technology during the next few months. Turning to Slide 11, in Polyurethanes and Dow Formulated Systems we are seeing signs of recovery in Europe particularly as a result of higher furniture and bedding demand as well as increased consumer confidence in the region. In the first quarter, demand in industrial and energy efficiency markets also improved globally. Overall, we are well positioned to improve profitability as a result of our increased emphasis on higher value market sectors together with business specific productivity efforts, including the six asset shutdowns completed to-date. As we look ahead, we expect market demand to grow in the second quarter from increased construction activity in North America and EMEA while we anticipate Asia Pacific will benefit from the typical peak season in footwear. Severe cold temperatures impacted first quarter demand in North America across the Specialty Chemicals businesses. However, fundamentals remain healthy, as favorable trends in homecare products are driving growth for Dow Technologies aligned to this key end market. Additionally, fundamentals remain robust within Dow Oil, Gas & Mining as major project fills, increased geographical scale and positive market outlook are driving growth for this business. Looking forward, we expect to see a positive impact resulting from seasonal strength in construction, coatings and agriculture. And Dow Automotive Systems healthy transportation fundamentals are enabling growth in Asia Pacific and North America while Europe is realizing pent up demand and Dow specific technologies such as BETAMATE are driving additional share gains. We will see above industry growth rates in this unit in 2014. Turning to Slide 12, in Performance Plastics. Across this segment, we have and we will continue to focus on margin management to address feedstock fluctuations and deliver operational improvements. The opportunity to maximize margin with a price volume bounce is improving as their operating rates are very high and the industry operating rates continue to climb with the improving demand. Specifically in Dow Packaging & Specialty Plastics, we are driving growth in select high margin end markets such as flexible food and specialty packaging, hygiene and medical and pipe. Asia Pacific and North America delivered double-digit sales growth in the first quarter and we expect to see continued strong demand with increased per capita demand driving growth in emerging geographies over the near term. The outlook is strongly positive for this unit. In Dow Elastomers, global demand increases in the transportation sector and improving infrastructure markets in Europe were offset by cold weather impacts in operations in North America. Looking forward, U.S. Gulf Coast investments in the 2015, 2016 timeframe will drive growth for AFFINITY, a next generation nodal enabling share gain from substitute technologies in key sectors. For example, AFFINITY GA is delivering greater performance in hot melt adhesives allowing displacement of EVA in packaging and hygiene applications. And in Dow Electrical & Telecommunications increased demand in the power and telecommunication markets in Asia Pacific fueled first quarter growth driven by power in China and 4G network investments. Dow captured additional margin expansion in this business as a result of increased asset efficiency together with our exit from our non-strategic joint venture. Strong demand will continue in 2014. Turning to Slide 13, all of our segments are showing positive earnings momentum with self-help measures overcoming known headwinds. The last six months of improvement in EBITDA margins in all key segments is evident on this Slide. All of our collective actions are taking hold and showing positive trends from a range of 5% to 25% improvement. And on Slide 14, all these actions are cumulative, product and functional materials; growth in display technologies has been and will continue to be a key driver in innovation led growth for the Dow Electronic Materials business. Across the segment, we expect to utilize a combination of innovation and productivity measures to drive 100 to 150 basis points of margin improvement as we entered to adjacent markets and further expand key brand owner relationships. In Coatings and Infrastructure Solutions, margins are expanding as a result of ongoing productivity measures, share gains and increased sales of Dow Technologies, which collectively reflect the increasing recovery of the construction market. We expect to realize an additional 300 basis points of margin growth in this segment over the near term as these actions could continue to take hold. This margin expansion will include a significant benefit from the integration of our PDH unit in Texas. Agricultural Sciences has also expanded margins on the back of its technology innovations and productivity aligned measures. And looking ahead, these plans are expected to contribute to additional margin expansion of 300 to 400 basis points over the near term as a result of the ongoing commercialization of the segments robust R&D pipeline together with the achievement of scale efficiency in seeds. In Performance Materials, we expect to realize the most significant improvement with 400 basis points of margin expansion expected in the near term, the largest portion of these improvements will be driven by the integration of our PDH asset together with ongoing productivity improvements across the segment. Prioritize innovations in the oil and gas, automotive and adhesive sectors will also drive a component of this anticipated margin growth. And finally, in performance plastics currently our highest margin segment, we expect to realize near term margin uplift of 200 to 400 basis points on our key integration investments on the U.S. Gulf Coast as well as through innovation and productivity. All of these drivers are embedded in the previously shown strategic priorities, which brings me back to these priorities. And first let me remind you that we introduced Slide 16 first during our most recent webcast in March, which took place in Saudi Arabia at the site of our world-scale joint venture Sadara. We are making tremendous headway with this key investment and we are proud to join our value partner Saudi Aramco in providing an update regarding the status and timeline for this project all of which remained very much on track. In fact, we are now more than 50% complete and slated for start-up on time and on budget in mid-2015. Of course, this is just one the key near term strategic priorities we are driving to fuel our performance and returns higher. In our U.S. Gulf Coast investment program, we continue to achieve major milestones. For example, our PDH asset is now more than 20% complete with all major equipment on site and we continue to feel confident about its timing and its financials. I'm going to have more to say on that in a moment. As you saw in the quarter, our cost reduction of working capital focus continues to produce results and enabling increased earnings and strong cash flow and our plain carve out of our commodity chlorine business remains on track with an update later in this deck. Dow steady drum beat of progress is the direct outcome of our focus on these priorities as we move this strategy forward and turning to Slide 17. It's a strategy that leverages Dow's unique business model. We integrated vertically and horizontally. We are low cost across the chain shown here plus value-add as we approach markets with unique technologies. We have scaled in inputs, intermediates, and downstream products. We have scale in R&D as well as in geographic breadth. And we are relentlessly focused on EVA and capital allocation growing high ROC businesses and exiting our low ROC businesses. Importantly, we grow by winning across these chains. We will update you regularly on all of these chains with simple and transparent metrics. And today, we will highlight the propylene value chain where over the past six months we have realized higher returns as a result of our focus on margin management and operational excellence. This is particularly clear as you look at the significant progress achieved within our coatings and infrastructure solutions and performance materials operating segments during this timeframe. We laid our plans to improve these segments, our two largest propylene consuming segments. And we have made solid progress against these plans yet we recognize, we have more work to do. And on top of these actions, we expect to achieve EBITDA growth as a result of our near term investments with the Sadara as well as the aforementioned PDH unit on the U.S. Gulf Coast. In short, we are improving our ability to compete in the value chain for that has compelling growth proposition over both near and longer term. Now let me provide more granularity on Slide 18, here the propylene value chain serves several key sectors and Dow is focused narrowly on several of these targeted end markets, markets with an addressable size of $80 billion and growing faster than GDP. We are taking key actions to improve our integration advantage, drive further operating discipline and prioritizing our technology investments to preferentially invest in attractive end markets such as adhesives, automotive, and energy efficiency to name a few, no way this more evident that in the polyurethanes business. And turning to Slide 19, let me highlight this. We have achieved notable improvements through the following actions reducing costs, idling facilities, narrowing our market focus and launching new products and technologies that are shown on the slide. But let me use one example, BETAMATE, Dow Automotive Systems is directly aligned with the market trends of light weighting to improve energy efficiency and deliver safer, high performing products to the industry. This solution allows bonding of dissimilar materials with aluminum, plastic and carbon fiber notably nearly 50% of revenue of Dow Automotive Systems comes from sales of products launched within these last five years. Taken as a whole, we will continue to reap benefits from our collective actions and we expect our innovative products and technologies, couple with our productivity actions and our strategic integration investments to drive significant margin uplift within this value chain. But further, let me highlight our key integration investment in this chain, our PDH facility on Slide 20. First, a word on the fundamentals of this project, Dow's current outlook on the propane to propylene spread remains consistent with our regional economics and reinforces why as we see our PDH facility as delivering a further attractive value to this chain. Propane prices have moderated again after significant volatility during one of the worst winters in the United States in over 30 years. The United States is now a net exporter of propane, and we believe the U.S. propane price must remain structurally lower than the world market price to facilitate these exports. Add to this fact, the propylene availability from refineries is coming down and the propylene value will trend towards outlook value. We expect propylene to be an attractive spread over propane. And this is precisely why our PDH unit in Freeport, Texas represent such an important part of our strategy in this value chain, once online, this project will improve integration significantly reduce third party purchases and improve our raw materials costs to Dow's derivative businesses in this value chain. Today construction on this unit is 20% complete, we have approximately 1600 workers and 90% of the equipment onsite. Mechanical completion is on track for the end of first quarter 2015 with full run rate expected by mid-2015. In short, our long-term view on this project is unchanged and we expect the propane to propylene spread will provide an attractive returns for our PDH project, expect to contribute more than $450 million annual EBITDA at full run rate. Turning to Slide 21, the propylene chain is just one example of how we are leveraging our strong operational focus, coupled with significant enterprise wide catalysts within our control to drive EBITDA well north of $10 billion when all are fully implemented. We have key growth catalysts, such as our investments in Sadara and on the U.S. Gulf Coast as well our innovation agenda, which collectively are positioning Dow to achieve EBITDA well north of $10 billion in the near term on our way to $13 billion and beyond. The math of the slide shows 2014 and 2017 actions that grow to more than $13 billion in EBITDA from our current base. Items such as lower pension expense, more operating leverage and further productivity efforts are all extras to these value drivers. In addition, we are focused laser-like on delivery against our divestment targets, so they can grow ROC. So we can grow ROC by liberating capital allocation to these businesses and putting it to better use. And turning to Slide 22, as you know, in 2013 alone we realized $850 million in proceeds from divestitures exceeding our year end goal. And in March, we broadened scope of our already aggressive targets bringing our expected total to $4.5 billion to $6 billion within the 2014-2015 timeframe. Of course, our largest share of activity is the plant curved out of our commodity chlorine businesses. We reviewed to you in December that you can think about a 12 to 24 month timeline for this project and after just 4 months of progress the preparation period is really already well underway. Initial market response to our announcement has been positive with strong early interest with double-digit numbers of strategic parties who want to go to the next step. Additionally, we now have our pre-marketing actions started and our team has made great progress on the separation of these business units from Dow. In fact, we expect to be in the market by third quarter of this year. And looking at our overall program given the magnitude of our divestiture program going forward, our portfolio will continue to change and upgrade. As such, we will continue to provide increased transparency on our earnings as a result of these actions. And as we move forward, you can expect to see additional clarity on our targets, revised metrics and updated business alignments and segments that will reflect our accelerated market driven strategy with more transparent metrics yet this year. Turning to Slide 23, the final priority I wish to speak to is the most important to all  for us that are rewarding our shareholders, an area in which we have demonstrated consistent and increasing actions over the last many quarters accommodating in the $1.7 billion return by declared dividends and share repurchases in the first quarter alone. We remain committed to our share buyback target of $4.5 billion in total all to be completed by the end of this year. Taken on the whole, these actions clearly reinforce our commitment to accelerating returns now and as our earnings increase going forward. Lastly on Slide 24, back to our near term strategic priorities. These remain our compass as we move ahead. Each priority is integral to the acceleration of our strategy and serves a critical step in our part to shareholder value growth. Let me be clear, Dow's performance in the first quarter represents more than a continuation of the trend of consecutive quarters of earnings growth. In our view, it's the sum of the quality of our earnings the consistency of the performance and the strength of our trajectory that we are focused on and we will continue to deliver on as we move ahead. We are driving our actions independent of any tailwinds that exist out there which we are treating as a complete bonus. The summary is, we intend to continue to deliver. With that Doug let's turn to Q&A.
Doug May: Thank you, Andrew. Now we'll move to your questions. First, however, I would like to remind you that my comments regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Lauren, would you mind going through the Q&A procedure?
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Koort: Thank you and good morning.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning.
Robert Koort: Andrew I noticed on the income statement there was a quite reduction in your R&D this quarter year-on-year, can you give us some clarity around what drove that and what we should expect looking forward?
Andrew Liveris: I will let Bill answer that question, if don't mind Bob. Go ahead.
Bill Weideman: Yes, Bob. So you are right. Overall R&D expense was down $40 million quarter-over-quarter or around 10% that's really reflective of a couple of things. One, the ongoing savings from previously announced restructuring program that we announced last year. As you know from an overall company standpoint not just R&D, we said we get a couple of $100 million of additional savings this year over the last year. In addition to that, we also have reprioritized our spending on growth projects with R&D focusing our spending specifically on those projects that Andrew has laid out. It's really a combination of both of those, ongoing savings and the prioritization of our growth projects.
Robert Koort: All right. If I might follow-up Andrew, one of your major raw material suppliers announced on ethane export facility that's somewhere around the order of 25% of current ethane production. Just wondering if you might update us, you talked to propane already but what your views on ethane and is there going to be a big escalation in prices somewhere out in the horizon when all the crackers get built and these export projects are delivered?
Andrew Liveris: Yes. We saw the announcement Bob. And we believe it's still early to put definitive answers out there. Other than to say that there is a huge material cost to export ethane. As you know a very different to propane it needs capital like energy, it needs capital to the export side, the shipping side and the receiving side. And to put these contracts in place for ethane consumers they are going to have to commit capital. And it all comes down to a view to the oil and company arbitrage. And current arbitrage is at probably its highest is roughly 24 something around that right now. Our assumptions are being that that arbitrage will close with time and that's oil to gas and therefore naphtha to ethane. And as it closes, the economics change and the prices that people can get to export ethane will drop. So it's actually in our view a strong message of ethane length, which we believe is beyond 2020 at this point in time.
Operator: Our next question comes from John McNulty with Credit Suisse.
John McNulty: Yes. Good morning thanks for taking my question. So I believe it was in Bill's comments, one of the geographies, actually the geography you highlighted is being the strongest that you are seeing was actually China and Asia kind of more broadly, which is I guess a little bit surprising. So can you walk us through what you are seeing there and maybe which end markets in particular maybe showing the greatest signs of strength?
Andrew Liveris: If you look, I think John there is no question that China is not our previous China. So I believe the current China we are seeing in our results speak to it is the China of less growth, it's on a bigger number obviously. But they have changed their consumption drivers to solve their issues. And the reform agenda they have and I have been to China twice this year already. It's very clear they are committed to it and smart urbanization is creating different needs affordable housing, affordable transportation, clean  everything clean from food safety to pollution control et cetera. So we are seeing growth in high value add sectors, so its targeted growth, our growth was 9%. And our positioning in China is really being ever sense we into China in the big way in the last 10 years. As being in the high value add sector, almost anticipating this new China. We had volume gains in ag 65%, performance plastics 22% growth, coatings up 13%, electronic and functional materials up 6%. This is all high value-add area. They are decommoditizing their economy but we are not exposed to the commodity sector in China. The new Dow's in place in China actually is always a consequence of that its targeted growth. I don't think it's a go-go growth of the previous China. It's not export led. And I do think this pivot disappearing is smart targeted growth.
John McNulty: Great. Thanks very much and then just as a follow up with regard to weather in particular, there were some negatives obviously in the U.S. You also highlighted some positives around ag and potentially some of the other businesses out of Europe just because of the  they kind of unseasonally warm side. I guess, when we net them out, how should we think about how weather impacts during the quarter and then how that kind of reserves itself as we look to the rest of the year.
Bill Weideman: Sure, John. This is Bill. So from an overall standpoint, you are right, I mean the weather was very cold in North America, but it was partially offset by warmer weather in Europe. From an overall standpoint, the overall impact in our sales is a little over $100 million and the impact on our earnings per share this quarter was like $0.03 to $0.04 in total. Another thing I would like to highlight in North America, one of the things we did very quickly is, we implemented a crisis team as these carrier issues came in. And so we were able to mitigate some of that impact versus some of the other numbers maybe seen in the market. But overall, the answer to your question, it added about $0.03 to $0.04 negative impact on our earnings this quarter.
Andrew Liveris: With Europe's positive slightly overcoming that so Europe strong oversized early spring, there is obviously a pull forward there that's occurred in first quarter that won't be there in the second quarter Europe, but the North American seeds is delayed. So that should start to bounce. So the first half on average will be what we expect on year-on-year growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Frank Mitsch with Wells Fargo Securities.
Frank Mitsch: Good morning, gentlemen. Hey, Andrew. Just want to take the opportunity, thank you again for the hospitality on the Sadara trip certainly a great learning experience that we had there. And obviously, a large of the Sadara is obviously tied into the whole ethylene chain and so froth, which becks the question you really didn't spend a lot of time talking about the feedstocks and energy segment here this morning. Should we start thinking about that as discontinued operations, can you help us other?
Andrew Liveris: Well, you are foreshadowing one of the comments I had in the script, which is really all about Dow's market focus in feedstocks and energy is the last segment that's out there that's very commodity exposed. You know these chemicals in there, some of the -- MEGlobal for examples in there. And clearly, our hydrocarbon byproduct, co-product sales are in there, which are highly volatile and highly commoditized and frankly don't serve the purpose of being market-based. So as we go forward, recasting about metrics in those segments, I think you will foreshadowing something that we are very way much of the way we report in the future. It's not a market segment at the end of the day Frank and certainly not one that we are focused on. It's all about low cost inputs and value-add, which is that slide that shows integration. And thank you for the compliment on Sadara, our team did a bang up job and partner was extraordinary.
Frank Mitsch: Okay, great. And then, just coming back on the ag side obviously, record earnings there. Crop protections seem to be very strong. Should we be thinking about this is a new normal, I mean, it seem like you are also implying that some of the new products happening in that segment, you are seeing nothing but growth there. So are we seeing crop protection establish a new bottom here?
Andrew Liveris: I believe that crop protection and certainly our crop protection business is a story that's unfolding around new projects. Five, ten years ago most of us including Dow, would have said crop protection was going to plateau at the expense of seeds and traits growing and that hasn't happened. I think you are seeing targeted niche products, whether they are being cereal herbicides, rice herbicides our two launches, even insecticides and of course fungicides which were not as big in, but some of our competitors are. And I do think you are seeing a new type of crop protection chemical, some of it of course made through fermentation processes like our families of new crop protection chemicals. Our R&D efforts never really subsided here and frankly its one of the jewels in our integration if you like of Dow's R&D with ag chemical R&D. Season traits will obviously still be a growth business and for Dow very hinged on our stacking capabilities and clearly enlist launch. But no, I think you are dead right, and I'm using that same term with our business, a new norm.
Operator: Our next question comes from Don Carson with Susquehanna Financial.
Don Carson: Andrew a question on ag and that's not in Enlist. You are talking about a 2015 approval and I know that your licensees have also licensed a competing technology. So it's really two questions. One, what's your expectation of Enlist versus Dicamba market share where you think that's going to play out. And then from a portfolio standpoint is, once you have seen the market acceptance of Enlist, is that really the catalysts to perhaps separate a business with essentially little fit with, with the rest of Dow?
Andrew Liveris: Well, firstly on the point on approval in your question. Don, it's actually approval this year for full launch next year 2015. On your competitive question, we believe Enlist has a much wider window of application timing and broad spectrum of control that actually aligns with how growers use glycoside today. We are getting a lots of farmer sanction on the product because of this incredible wide window and broad spectra. And actually of course the other big advantage which comes with the Colex-D Technology which has reduced potential for drift and volatility. It's really a combo of very user friendly application call abilities that are causing this product be a potential blockbuster. Look, your second question, at the end of the day, we have said, we are always have various business on the table at Dow and that includes Dow Sciences, one that gets asked about quite a lot. I wand to refer to the previous question that was asked which is Dow ag chem is very integrated into Dow proper. It gives a lot of leverage from co-R&D in chemistry. So Dow seeds is a little different but it shares similar channels to Dow crop chem. So it's not an easy  as easy as you indicated in your question but that doesn't defy your question. In fact, a very user friendly as its entire board and management team of Dow to look at value creation and its happening separation at the right moment in time that will be what we will do.
Operator: Our question comes from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar: Yes. Good morning Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning.
P.J. Juvekar: And you discussed some of your bigger joint ventures like Dow Corning, it seems like you are seeing a recovery there with some solar trends and all that. So can you discuss that? And then related to that is, would you consider monetizing any joint ventures to capture value?
Bill Weideman: P.J. let me answer the first question on Dow Corning and you can ask the second question. From Dow Corning, you are right. Overall equity earnings were I think  if I recall about $251 million this quarter up $22 million versus the same quarter a year ago. That was all driven from Dow Corning actually Dow Corning was up more than that because there partial offset by lower equity earnings and MEGlobal as Andrew mentioned in his comments. We are seeing a polysilicone as bottom and we are actually seeing some price increases in polysilicone. And so we are starting to see a recovery in our Dow Corning earnings and we expect that to continue.
Andrew Liveris: Cleanup of our very large joint venture portfolio is a big driver of our strategic priorities, you will see it listed on there and that's not code for any specific joint venture. But it is code for cleaning it up, making the results more transparent to all of you such is the first question you just asked. So you understand that drivers and that they fit the strategy or they don't. Today's Dow portfolio management is all about going deeper and narrower not staying wide and that includes a joint venture portfolio P.J.
P.J. Juvekar: Yes. Secondly in performance in materials, you talked about improving polyurethanes, can you also just talk about isocyanates like MDI and then in epoxies do you think you are seeing some kind of a rebound?
Andrew Liveris: Definitely in epoxies to answer that first the Chinese are going to shut capacity but they are not going to shut epoxies. They have chosen their path to fundamentally glove the market with epichlorohydrin and before that caustic soda. We believe it's a structural change in the entire market. Some of the value added epoxies will earn money in the niche application but we don't have scale there. We are mostly are LER, liquid epoxy resin provider of intermediate to end use. We don't believe it's a good use of Dow capital to do the value-add. So therefore we made our announcements. We are improving the business. We are running it very lean and mean. So it can actually be on sold to someone who can see value in completing the entire value chain but it's a value chain that we are voting on as you have seen in our announcements. Look, MDI is different, MDI is the restructural of over capacity especially in Asia but the growth fundamentals are much, much more sound for isocyanates especially the platform called polyurethane formulation systems in rigid polyols in particular. Without new facilities in Sadara, we will be a grower of how isocyanates position especially in the emerging markets. And over time, we look at the competitiveness of our assets use in United States and Europe. But right now, PU is a business that we believe is on a solid rebound as witnessed by the Q1 results.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Andrew, in performance materials given the severe weather in Q1, how should we think about the normal decline in Q2 versus Q1 given maybe some bounce back in Q2?
Andrew Liveris: Well, I mean at the end of the day, performance materials and polyurethanes within performance materials and some of the specialty chemicals until PDH comes on, we are going to see volatility in their numbers quarter-to-quarter because of propylene. The unfortunate situation is being in the last many years propylene dynamic between U.S. and the rest of the world changed dramatic especially to Asia. And this propylene arbitrage it was on one of my slides that was solving for PDH is the game changer in less volatility quarter-to-quarter. While we get the acolyte value effect on less and less propylene coming out of U.S. refineries, you are going to see chemical grade propylene bouncing around a lot. We are the elastic demand to the inelastic demand on the transportation side as you get summer driving, the winter heat-cooling or summer heating, summer cooling, winter heating, you are going to get these effects. So we think that's a normal pattern that you are going to see a repeat of in Q2. Bill do you want to add to me?
Bill Weideman: Yes. I was saying as Andrew mentioned we set some volatility. We do believe second quarter though will be up year-over-year and the primary reason for that is the fact that this performance material was impacted in the first quarter due to some carrier issues. So we do expect in the second quarter year-over-year improvement versus second quarter a year ago.
David Begleiter: Very good. Andrew same thing on sequential in ag given a normal decline but given some of the dynamics there as well. How do you look at that sequential decline in Q2 versus Q1 this year?
Andrew Liveris: We will definitely see a sequential decline. I mean the sequential earnings drop off of couple of hundred million dollars is probably what you should be expecting based on normal seasonality. You do have this effect of the weather in Q1 that can be a slight mitigator to that. So it could be on the lower side of the drop off versus what its been in traditional seasons because obviously but you guys probably getting decent weather in that part of the world now. So that means people are planting. And so that's good and they obviously have to make up for what happened in Q1. But look at the end of the day, there is also the crop commodity price effect. They are in healthy levels. They are providing the incentive for yield maximizing inputs. Farmers are less sensitive spending when it maximized yield. So you know we may see some mitigating effect based on the fact that we have got good seeds that go to that area. But, I think you are going to still see the drop off.
Operator: Our next question comes from Duffy Fischer with Barclays.
Duffy Fischer: Yes. Good morning.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning.
Duffy Fischer: Andrew I think in your commentary you mentioned some excessive inventory in the ag channel.
Andrew Liveris: Yes.
Duffy Fischer: Can you talk about which of the pesticides you are seeing that in most of the pesticides, herbicides, fungicides and then two, why would we be seeing that as we still got a relatively a healthy ag market today?
Andrew Liveris: Yes. I mean look I think there is no question that the carrier and warehousing impact due to weather in March affected this chain as well. As you will know this is a very long lead time chain. So if you get the seasons and the plantings wrong, I'm not going to call this a once in a decade type winter, but boy, as I said earlier, that was a very unusual effect on transportation. So late application that was missed in 2013 as stacked up into 2014 plus the weather impacts in March as given in particular to answer the first part of your question, more inventory in crop protection areas for herbicides in particular, but mostly in the Midwest.
Duffy Fischer: And then, on the Chlor-Alkali front, where are you guys that with operating rates with the Dow Mitsui joint venture. And then how should we think about the timing of the 800 KT that you guys have indicated you are going to take down on the back end of bringing up that new capacity?
Andrew Liveris: Started up on March 31, successful, reliable within our start up window very, very much running now, very reliably its very important investment for replacing those aged assets that you just referred to. We have begun the shut down of those aged assets right now, we were in the early stages of it. But you can expect it over the next six to nine months.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin McCarty with Bank of America.
Kevin McCarty: Yes. Good morning. Andrew on Slide 20, you show the propane and propylene spread, the bearish argument that we sometimes hear is that propane exports will rise and propylene will get longer as you and others start up PDH units domestically. Can you elaborate on why your view is more bullish in that and how would you expect future spreads to compare to the recent range of 36 in the older range of 25 that you showed?
Andrew Liveris: Well, at the end of the day the long propane and export phenomena has to be matched against long propane and export phenomena from other countries. And whether it would be Qatar or Australia or Indonesia, everyone is long propane. So where is all this propane going to go rather than a drop in global propane prices. So as new LNG facilities in particular those that are LPG rich come on, you are going to find that the historic relationship between propane to Brent which is being 65 to 70. There will be some pressure into that relationship. And the propane price is going to come down and Brent will go down with it as you get share will come in into place. So there is a lot of moving parts here to suggest at the end of the day that U.S. propane exports aren't going to be the bonanza everyone thinks they are going to be in terms of returns. In fact the U.S. propane price will need to be about $200 a ton by our calculation, $0.35 to $0.30 a gallon lower than the European price to facilitate these exports. On the other side of the coin, propylene availability is going to be an issue in our view because the refineries coming down and FCC units are being shutdown due to long gasoline. And at the end of the day, propylene value as I said earlier will move to outlet value. So propylene is going to stay up. So our PDH economics are very conservative in their assumptions don't have the current arbitrage that exists. And as I said early on ethane, on the earlier question, I do believe it implies a propane to propylene spread of $0.30 to $0.35 which supports our $450 million a year of EBITDA that I talked about. That spread today has averaged from $0.36 to currently around $0.40.
Kevin McCarty: I appreciate the color there. As a follow-up, Bill, can you speak to the diluted share count as a bit of a surprise to see the elevations sequentially? What was your carry out at the end of the quarter and what might be a good number for 2Q?
Bill Weideman: You get to continue to see that going down obviously, as you know that's an average, so that's an average for the quarter. And so but given our significant share repurchase in the first quarter the $1.250 billion, you will see, starting to see that track down pretty quickly. I don't have the exact share count for the second quarter. But 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: Good morning.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning John.
John Roberts: I'm looking at Slide 19 on the polyurethanes business, I remember the last bubble chart we saw I think headed at 7% or around 7% EBITDA margin. So it would seem to you need multiples of that 200 bps improvement to get this to your targets?
Andrew Liveris: Well, yes. And I have talked to exactly one of those big multiples right which is the PDH. So that's as I said that's why we gave you a lot of color on PDH on this call is that this time next year, we are in the throws of getting that ready to start up. And so that's a big part of the polyurethanes rehab story to make your observation act. The other thing that's going on, in the early question, is it some market rebound, which is suits our type of polyurethanes especially with Europe coming back remember with a long and exposed in Europe and last but not least is the cost controls and the way Glenn Wright and his team are managing that business very focused on execution against cost and cash. And all those things and the CFO and I spend a lot of time on this business, how to take it away from a yellow into a green.
John Roberts: Okay. And then as a follow-up on the chlorine carve out, have you set the chlorine cost of contract terms yet for your internal needs longer term?
Andrew Liveris: Bill?
Bill Weideman: No. Looking into a detailed negotiation going forward as Andrew mentioned in his prepared comments to tell you where we are at. We are targeting how to carve out completed this quarter and then we will get into detailed discussions in the third quarter. So we get into the discussions in the third quarter that's when we will start getting into those detail discussions.
Doug May: Lauren maybe time for one or two more questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Hassan Ahmed with Alembic Global Advisors.
Hassan Ahmed: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning, Hassan.
Hassan Ahmed: I was taking a look at the performance plastic segment and completely, completely understand that we had the weather related sort of spike in ethane prices in particular and gas obviously as well. But, I'm just trying to understand the sort of sequential down take in EBITDA and EBITDA margins because I sort of at least run my numbers. Integrated polyethylene margins despite the spike seen to be up sequentially. So I'm just trying to understand what the sort of sequential down take was caused by, was it Asia, was it Europe, any color around that will be appreciated?
Andrew Liveris: Well, I mean there are several you mentioned one of the factors, so I won't repeat it. But certainly the cold winter propane impact was for the propane part of the crack was a big impact Hassan. And the other one was the reduced margins in Europe in particular due to the naphtha and what was going on in lower selling prices causing a down drop. I haven't said it on the call yet. But I have said in other interviews that you can't ignore what's going on with Russia and the Ukraine and the effect it had on hydrocarbons in that part of the world. And so that was another reason. At the end of the day, we believe there is a set in the pool, we have got good momentum in plastics and margins going up this year for the reasons you know. So I think you shouldn't read too much in the Q4 to Q1 numbers.
Hassan Ahmed: Fair enough. And as a follow-up, you highlighted obviously in the presentation the polyurethane side of the business and you are talking about things call it cycling up. There is obviously a fair bit of capacity coming on line over the next couple of years. Could you speak a bit about the supply/demand dynamic did you see over the next two, three years?
Andrew Liveris: Oh, yes. I mean this part of the question it came early on isocyanates. There is going to be length in isocyanates and MDI and that's going to have to be consumed. The good news is, this ubiquitous market needs for polyurethanes especially those by isocyanates and MDI in particular and this growth is going to be above GDP. And so if you got the low cost position which we believe our unit in Sadara is low cost. We are going to be able to grow above at or above market for our polyurethanes franchise. The other bigger name of course the polyols positioned here in North America gets enhanced by PDH. But on isocyanates, I think this is all about moving to higher value markets as I said on the call. And the team has done a very good job of getting out of the low end markets and fine tuning where we point the low cost assets too. The value-add piece here distinguishes it from the Epoxy business.
Doug May: Great. Time for one more question.
Operator: Our final question comes from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Thanks very much for squeezing me in. Bill just, could you tell us about the operating rate in the quarter versus the fourth quarter and versus the year ago? And then I also just wanted to clarify your comments on the operating rate for the second quarter whether you were talking about the entire company or just the specifics segments of it?
Bill Weideman: So the operating rate for the company in the third quarter was 83% and that's versus 82 and the same quarter a year ago and 82% prior quarter. So we are up 1 percentage point at a company level versus both the same quarter a year ago and prior quarter. Yes. And the comments that I made in terms of expect that 3 to 4 percentage points decrease second versus first due to turnaround is very much inline is at a company level, is very much inline at the same reduction we saw a year ago from first to second and its all just  its just turnaround driven it's not demand driven. And so its at a company level.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. This is a follow-up maybe Andrew. Could you talk a bit about your expectations from an acreage perspective for Enlist, if you are able to launch it in 2015, how many acres you are going to target and what that ramp could look like over the first three or four years?
Andrew Liveris: We are not giving that sorry to end up the call on question, I got one answer. But, we are not giving that piece of information yet. But, let the year roll by. Let's get our approvals behind us and we will give you a lot of granularity as times goes by. We are very confident on this technology obviously as I answered a previous question.
Doug May: Great. Thank you, Andrew. Do you want to make a couple of wrap up comments here?
Andrew Liveris: Well, I think we will go back to what this quarter was, which is a strong beat based on self-help. And the last many quarters, six quarters in a row year-on-year earnings increase is a trend that we intend to continue. And we intend to continue no matter what the economy throws at us. I think there are no questions that we have got the divestitures in front of us and there is going to be execution there. We will have a lot more to say about transparency on metrics as the year rolls by. But, you should expect Dow to continue execute against its portfolio and release value and then increase shareholder remuneration and notably the share buyback that you saw quite a lot of action on in the quarter will continue throughout the year as we have already talked about. And that's more to come basically we cycled upside in plastics and ethylene still in front of us.
Doug May: Great. Thank you. Thank you everyone for your questions and joining us this morning. We appreciate your interest in Dow. For your reference, a copy of the prepared comments will be posted on Dow's website later today. This concludes our call and we look forward to speaking with you again soon. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-29 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company's Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Results Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) We will allow one question and one follow-up question today. Todays call is being recorded. Id now like to turn the call over to Doug May, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Doug May: Thank you, Lauren. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, were making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Dale Winger, Associate Director, Investor Relations. This morning, January 29, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and was posted on the Internet on dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are posted on our website and through the link on our webcast. Some of our comments today include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimates and we dont plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments reference non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and on our website. Unless otherwise specified, all of our comparisons presented today will be on a year-over-year basis. EBITDA, EBITDA margins, and earnings comparisons exclude certain items. The agenda for todays call is on Slide 3. Ill now hand the call over to Andrew.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Doug and just turn to Slide 4. Thank you. One year-ago we outlined our proactive plans to improve return on capital, growth profitability and generate cash. We said we will take specific actions to release more value to you, our shareholders. And as youve noticed in prior quarters weve been steadfast in our execution throughout the year. Our fourth quarter and full year results reflect the cumulatively benefit of this focus as headlined in the quarter. Adjusted earnings per share we are up 97%. We achieved adjusted sales increases in all operating segments, excluding Feedstocks and Energy, with record performance in Agricultural Sciences, Coatings & Infrastructure and Performance Plastics. EBITDA grew 31% and we deliver a 300 basis point expansion in EBITDA margins led by Performance Plastics, Performance Materials and Coatings & Infrastructure solutions. And we drove a number of proactive portfolio and balance sheet focused actions that enabled us to exit 2013 with strength and momentum, which brings me to the full year. Adjusted earnings per share grew 31% and adjusted EBITDA rose $900 million, reaching $8.4 billion. Importantly, we delivered on our self-help actions and exceeded our goal to deliver $500 million of EBITDA through cost savings. Cash generation was a keynote for us this year. We ended 2013 with record level cash from operations with and without the benefit of the K-Dow award. And we use this cash as we said, we would to reduce debt, investment organic programs, and reward shareholders. Today net debt to EBITDA stands at 1.4 times, well below our 10-year average. And we delivered $1.8 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and declared dividends. In sum, our cash flow is at an all-time high. Our debt ratios are well below the historical company average and looking forward our Board has full confidence in our earnings capability and cash flow. Leading to todays announcement of 15% dividend increase and an expansion of our share repurchase program to $4.5 billion with more than $4 billion yet available or to be executed in 2014. Fundamentally these results are a reflection of the strategy we embarked upon several years ago and specific actions weve taken and continue to take in line with that strategy. Repositioning our company to address the uncertainty, a new realities that are defining our world. Our Company is strong. Weve a very focused and integrated portfolio, a rising and increasingly growing earnings profile and tremendous financial flexibility. Now let me turn the call over to Bill who will provide more detail on the fourth quarter and full year results.
William H. Weideman: Thank you Andrew. Turning to Slide 6, Dow reported earnings of $0.79 per share or $0.65 per share excluding certain item. Sales increased to $14.4 billion, up 3% or 4% on adjusted basis. This is primarily due to volume gains of 3% with increases across all operating segments, excluding Feedstock & Energy as well as our geographic areas excluding Europe, Middle East and Africa. Price also rose 1%. Adjusted EBITDA was $2.1 billion in the quarter, a 31% increase versus the same quarter last year. We had favorable certain items at $0.14 per share in the quarter with a gain in our sale of our Polypropylene Licensing & Catalysts business being the most notable. Now moving to Slide 7, where you see the key drivers of our results this quarter. As I mentioned earlier, demand was healthy in the quarter and buying activity remains steady throughout December. As a result, we were able to expand margins in a rising hydrocarbons environment, as well as grow volume in nearly all regions. Equity earnings grew year-over-year, driven by strengthening global ethylene fundamentals in Thailand -- in both our Thailand and Kuwait joint ventures, as well as improvements in Dow Corning. In the cost focus, weve been driving throughout the year, gained further traction in the fourth quarter. We surpassed our year-end target on plant shutdown, workforce reduction and discretionary spending, all of which enabled us to exceed our $500 million cost reduction target for the year. Now turning to our operating segments, starting on Slide 8. Electronic and Functional Materials, sales were up 3% with healthy gains in Asia Pacific and North America, which offset a 1% price decline. Continued demand in OLED materials and Interconnect Technologies used in mobile devices drove volume increases in electronic materials. Functional Materials delivered broad-based sales gains in all businesses and geographies led by a 9% increase in North America. Electronic and Functional Materials EBITDA was up $15 million versus prior year. Sales increased 10% in Coatings & Infrastructure solutions year-over-year. Dow Coating Materials delivered its fourth consecutive quarter of sales growth. Strong demand in Architectural Industrial Coating markets drove both price and volume gains in the quarter. Performance Monomers also delivered double-digit sales growth in all regions and businesses. Building Construction reported higher sales with volume increases in all geographic areas. Segment EBITDA increased $44 million, which represents a 34% increase versus the same quarter last year. Now turning to Agricultural Sciences, which reported a fourth quarter sales record of 1.8 billion, up 13% versus the same period last year. Sales gains were broad based across all geographies, led by double-digit growth in the Americas. Crop Protection rose 11% with new Crop Protection products increasing 23% and sales in Seeds, Traits and Oils were up 20%. Agricultural Sciences achieved record EBITDA in the quarter, up 13% versus the prior year. Performance Materials sales were up 1% versus the year-ago period. Sales growth in Dow Oil, Gas & Mining, Dow Automotive Systems and polyglycol, surfactants and fluids more than offset volume declines in epoxy where we continue to see challenging industry dynamics. Adjusted EBITDA increased 144 million or 450 basis points versus the same quarter last year, driven by expanded margins and ongoing productivity improvements. Sales in Performance Plastics were $3.9 billion, up 5% in the same quarter last year and up 8% excluding the impact of divestures. Double-digit sales gains were achieved in Latin America, Asia Pacific and North America. Dow Packaging and Specialty Plastics delivered increased sales in specialty packaging in the hygiene and medical markets. Dow Elastomers delivered record fourth quarter sales driven by increased demand in transportation, carton sealing and non-woven market sectors. Adjusted EBITDA was up 40% from the same period last year as broad-based pricing across all geographies more than offset the impact of higher propane costs in the U.S. In Feedstocks & Energy, sales were 2.4 billion down 6% versus the prior quarter. Volume was flat while price declined 6% driven by lower aromatic prices within hydrocarbons. Now turning to Slide 11. At the beginning of the year, we outlined a clear path to accelerate our cost reductions and cash flow actions. As Andrew mentioned earlier, we have remained focused on prioritizing our growth spending, further reducing spending in our low ROC businesses, it actively managed our portfolio all with the goal to increase shareholder value. And our actions have delivered strong results. We generated 7.8 billion of cash from operations in 2013. We've reduced gross debt by 3 billion and interest expense is down nearly 170 million versus last year. Our net debt to total cap declined to 30% and our net debt to EBITDA declined 1.4 billion, well below the company's historical average. Going forward, the cash generation from our embedded catalysts and divestiture targets position us very well to execute against our cash priorities. Before I turn it back over to Andrew, let me walk you through our key financial assumptions for 2014. While there are signs of improving economic conditions, our business plans assume that for 2014, macroeconomic environment remain largely unchanged. As Sadara approaches start-up, our share of operating costs which will be recorded in equity earnings will increase approximately 50 million to 100 million. And we expect to an additional $150 million to $200 million benefit from our previously announced cost reduction actions. Due to the increase in discount rates, our pension expense will decline approximately $300 million this year. And capital expenditures will increase between 3.3 billion and 3.5 billion as we accelerate actions to enhance our feedstock advantage from our U.S. Gulf Coast investments. From a tax perspective, we anticipate our tax rate will remain in the 25% to 29% range. And finally, you should expect our share count to decline as we accelerate our share repurchase. Now let me talk a little bit about the first quarter. We expect to see a normal seasonal uptick in Agricultural Sciences. As farmers made purchases for the upcoming northern hemisphere plain season. And we anticipate good market fundamentals to continue in Performance Plastics with healthy levels of demand supporting price increases and strong earnings. However, with the recent run up in hydrocarbon cost driven by the cold weather, we expect overall hydrocarbon energy cost will rise approximately $250 million to $300 million, sequentially which will put pressure on margins in both Performance Plastics and Performance Materials. Finally, we expect plan turnaround spending to be up approximately $80 million, sequentially. Now, let me turn it back over to Andrew.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Bill. If you turn to Slide 14, one year ago when we provided you with our report out of 2012, we committed that we will proactively take decisive self-help actions to protect our growth plan and accelerate near-term value in a slow growth world. And that is exactly what you saw from us in 2013. Collectively, our actions led to strong performance in 2013; substantial earnings growth with top line gains, margin expansion and improving return on capital in key segments. Record level cash flow above and beyond the infusion of cash we received from the K-Dow arbitration outcome. All of which enabled us to further pay down debt, fund highly accretive growth investments and return increasing value to our shareholders. Turning to Slide 15 and as you know, over the last several years, we have pursued a consistent strategy endorsed and continually monitored by our Board. Transforming from a commodity chemicals and plastics producer of specification products into an integrated low cost and value-add producer of agricultural materials and plastics products with patent protection and high value to end users, all with the goal to deliver higher and more consistent earnings. In line with this strategy we have taken a number of consistent and aggressive actions since 2006 both in the upstream low cost assets and the downstream value-add businesses to reshape and position our company for consistent long-term earnings growth. We rebuilt our innovation pipeline. We accelerated the establishment of our portfolio towards downstream high margin businesses. We strengthened the unique benefit of integration within our key value chains. We drove down our cost structure and further tightened our capital allocation criteria in a slow growth world. And critically, we reduced our commodity footprint with an end game to fundamentally exit all commodity merchant sales not because these were bad for the businesses, only because the returns in these businesses were challenged by global competition, especially from state-owned entities and national oil companies. Throughout this process and with deliberate and strategic moves and full transparency, we have regularly checkpointed with our board tracking our milestones and continually examining strategic options throughout the volatile landscape that includes the world's largest global economic crisis and a subsequent lackluster recovery. This transparency, this accountability demonstrates our commitment to continually challenge all aspects of our operations and execute portfolio moves to upgrade our earnings profile to become more consistent and less exposed to commodity cycles in our industry. This led us to the seminal decision we announced in December, exiting a value chain that has been part of Dow's history since the company's inception more than 100 years ago. We decided we would take on the complex task of exiting commodity chlorine products and focus on our downstream value-add businesses. We determined we would do so carefully to avoid negative synergies and redirect the funds we released for high value uses in the growth portfolio of the company. The fact that we have announced carve-out and our pursuing transaction options for our chlorine value chain is clear evidence that when it comes to creating shareholder value, everything is on table. And we are constantly examining options how to create maximum value for our shareholders without creating significant friction costs or sacrificing Dow's long-term growth potential. If you turn to Slide 16, as a result of these strategic actions we have completely re-crafted our portfolio demonstrating by the significant remake of both our revenue and geographic mix, as well as the overall quality of our mid-cycle margins. After the divestments of chorine or related commodities, we in essence have taken a $49 billion commodity-driven enterprise circa 2006, shrunk it by divesting $14 billion to $15 billion of commodities, some of which are in motion, then grew it with $18 billion of value-added products, all in less than a decade. This does not even take into account the joint ventures we have formed, particularly in our commodity chains. So this re-crafting did not happen overnight and it is testament to the fact that we have not and will not shy away from aggressive options to exit accomplished portions of our portfolio where and when it provides the best value creating option for our shareholders. Exiting commodity products that Dow has been in for decades such as styrenics and polypropylene or joint venturing where that was the better option such as in Ethylene glycols is proof point of our wiliness to do that. In fact the portfolio decisions weve made these last many years have been driven by our commitment to increase return on capital, and have been grounded by a comprehensive analysis of the markets we serve and our competitive position in these value chains from low cost inputs in feedstocks to technology advantage products in the end use. In short, we understand where value is created and what needs to be done to upgrade our earnings. Turning to Slide 17, today the vast majority of our portfolio resides in high margin; high growth sectors and we are further capitalizing on our attractive and industry leading positions in these less cyclical sectors. Further our integrated value chain is aligned directly to these markets with a unique intersection of competitive cost positions, market leadership and technology differentiation enables us to win. Our unrelenting focus on growth markets and our leadership in those markets it is this combination that makes us unique. We have the scale, the low cost feedstocks and the differentiated technology to succeed across the value chains. We are not a petrochemical company that takes oil and gas and makes first derivative commodities and sells those into a merchant market. We dont try to compete with the integrated oil and gas petrochemical producers. We buy hydrocarbons or joint venture with national oil companies and then we add value to these feedstocks with technology to make them patent protected into the end use products. Our unrelenting focus on growth markets and our ability to win in those markets as a differentiated provider of low cost and technology advantage products are the strategic parameters that drive our portfolio decisions. Importantly we are being clear, consistent and transparent regarding our commitments and actions in optimizing our portfolio to release new value. With the majority of our integrated portfolio aligned to growth sectors today we are focusing our resources and investment decisions on these high return sectors and we have actions underway for each of our segments. Actions designed to increase margins and deliver near term earnings growth. So turning to Slide 18 and going through those sectors. Electronics and Functional Materials, Dow AgroSciences and Performance Plastics are high return businesses aligned to attractive high growth markets where our science capabilities are rewarded in the market place. And here we will continue to invest for strategic growth. In Electronics and Functional Materials we expect to see growth in the back of our industry leading position and our robust innovation pipeline. We expect to grow above market by working closely with our customers to leverage our advantage technologies enabling next generation products such lighter, brighter and more efficient electronics, healthier foods and more effective pharmaceuticals. Dows unique set of chemistries such as in polyurethanes and other polymers are a source of differentiation this is smaller standalone competitors and as our portfolio continues to shift to higher growth sectors we expect to increase margins 100 to 150 basis points over the next several years. In agricultural sciences our differentiated technology positions us well in this $100 billion growth market to continue to outperform the industry with top line growth and expand margins with the commercialization of our powerful R&D pipeline. In our Crop Protection business, the ramp-up of our high margin new product sales which grew 14% in 2013 will contribute to segment margin expansion and in our $1.6 billion Seeds, Traits and Oils franchise, farmer demand for solutions that maximize yield and productivity is driving faster than industry sales growth leading to scale efficiencies and improve segment margins. Our innovation pipeline is rich with products that would deliver continuous growth such as our Enlist Weed Control System which combines the technologies next to peaks of both our Crop Protections and Seeds businesses and recently accomplished an important next step in the USDA review process. This product launch more than any other shows the power of synergy between chemistry and biology unique to Dow AgroSciences being part of a chemical company. In fact as we commercialize our road to Dow AgroSciences pipeline we expect to expand margins 300 to 400 basis points in the near term en-route to doubling the value of this franchise again of the next five to seven years. Turning to Performance Plastics, we have reshaped this portfolio extensively by exiting commodity value chains such as styrenics, polypropylene and polycarbonate and alarming also the attractive high growth market sectors thats value technology driven solutions such as packaging, transportation and telecom communications using our unique resins. For example in our packaging business we are collaborating throughout the value chain to deliver innovative high performing materials such as more convenient, functional and sustainable packaging. Our belief to deliver consistently strong returns based on this market driven participation strategy is clearly illustrated by the businesses superior return on capital performance over the cycle which is well above industry averages. Coupling our brand owner engagement with our low cost integration advantage and strategic investments on the U.S. Gulf Coast and our Sadara joint venture we are well positioned to further strengthen our position in the value chain delivering higher and more consistent returns. Turning to slide 19, we also have businesses where I have been very clear that the return on capital has not met our expectations, and yet these businesses have strong underlying competitive advantages and are aligned to markets where gradual improvement is underway such as in construction and transportation. Through targeted cost and portfolio actions these sectors would deliver significant margin improvement in the near term. Casing point, our Coatings and Infrastructure solutions segment, here we are utilizing self help actions, strategic investments and targeted innovation to reposition the segment for growth. We are focusing our attention on resources on projects with strong near term payback potential investing in the water market and investing and driving differentiation in coatings where our portfolio improves hiding properties, stain resistance and wash ability. These new products are getting traction as construction dynamics begin to demonstrates signs of improvement and our PDH in integration investment to reduce raw material costs is another example of low cost feedstocks adding value through a downstream differentiation. When coupled with our cost actions and improved asset utilization we see margin expansion of more than 300 basis points in the near term. Turning to Performance Materials where we are driving similar cost discipline actions and raw material improvements in addition to an aggressive portfolio management strategy. In the near term our announced cost actions would drive operational efficiencies and our PDH and Sadara investments will also benefit this segment. Collectively these actions will expand margins by approximately 400 basis points over the next several years. Aligned to our long-term strategic priorities we are moving out of the commoditizing portions of the pouring value chain such as chlorinated organics and epoxy resins both part of performance materials and focusing on the high value parts of this segment such as Automotive, Energy, Food and Pharma and finally the feedstocks and energy where the strategy is simple. Optimize our assets to ensure maximum profitability and provide advantage feedstocks for our downstream businesses. Turning to Slide 20, all of these actions are driven by our strategy and our perseverance to build a portfolio that is not only resilient but its positioned to deliver sustainable high margin growth and therefore we continually reshape and reexamine selecting into attractive high growth markets where our technology differentiation is rewarded both simultaneously exiting commoditizing value chains that are no longer aligned with our long-term strategic priorities such as our announcement to exit a significant portion of the coin value chain. We maximize the value of our investments through prioritizing high return integration projects that bolster our upstream competitive advantage and drive further differentiation of our downstream businesses through our innovation pipeline and we drive a strict focus on operational and financial productivity selectively allocating our capital and expense dollars while driving operational excellence to improve cash flow. Underpinning all of these actions is our strict focus on return on capital. You have seen us be proactive and decisive in our actions over these last 12 months resulting in an improvement of 150 basis points in one year in our return on capital. Going forward, we will continue to explore all strategic options to further advance our agenda of delivering sustainable high margin growth. On Slide 21, you can see our earnings trajectory, where with the ongoing execution of our strategic agenda and our capital management strategy we have a number of earnings catalysts in flight and 2014 will be an important inflection year in our growth strategy. On Slide 22, a combination of self-help measures, strategic integration and growth projects will total more than $3 billion of EBITDA in the near-term. These alone bring us to the more than $10 billion of EBITDA target. In addition to these lower pension costs, high operating rate leverage due to GDP improvement and any upside in the ethylene cycle plus a strict focus on driving productivity will move us to the next level of earnings power. Let me be clear. 2014 will be a capital-intensive year for Dow, a key bridge year as we reach critical milestones in our key growth projects, particularly those on the U.S. Gulf Coast and at Sadara. However, our teams are steadfast in their commitment to deliver on schedule and on budget enabling us to unlock significant shareholder value once these highly accretive projects come on line. We expect 2014 to be a year of strong operating cash flow and we will deploy a great deal of this cash to fund our higher CapEx build due to the U.S. Gulf Coast projects in particular. Turning to Slide 23, but for overall uses of cash, I want to be very clear. We know our priorities. Our actions over these last many quarters have enabled us to reach debt levels well below the company's historical average. Therefore, moving forward, you should expect we will focus our cash on the organic growth projects I have previously discussed which will enable us to deliver higher margin growth in our segments. And with these Dow-specific catalysts fully in place to create step-change improvement on EBITDA and record cash flow from operations, we are now in a position to increasingly reward our shareholders as witnessed by today's announcement to increase the dividend to 15% and an expansion of our share repurchase program to $4.5 billion with more than $4 billion yet available or to be deployed this year. This is a clear illustration of our unwavering commitment to shareholder remunerations that will continue even after these announcements. So, going through the agenda on Slide 24, I want to turn it to priorities for 2014 on Slide 25 where you can expect the same diligence and focus. We will maintain our operational discipline and strong cash flow, drive productivity gains to build on our cost savings momentum, continually refine our portfolio aligned to our targeted market strategy and continually focus our portfolio by growing the high margin value chains and pruning from the bottom using ROC as the lens. Dow is a world-class company. Our enterprise is 117 years strong because the women and men of Dow have unique expertise of running complex value chains. This collective rich experience provides the insights for which to draw to identify and drive the most attractive shareholder friendly actions. Our management team regularly engages with all of our owners, whether recent owners or long-term holders so as to understand their views and see if there are better ideas out there. We run a complex, highly integrated enterprise and we believe we know how to exit the low return, highly volatile businesses while funding our growth. We share with our owners one owners' one goal, to maximize value through all of these levers. We are confident that our financial discipline, cost savings actions and active portfolio management position us well to deliver against our commitments for long-term success and continues an ongoing shareholder remuneration. We are exiting commodity businesses for value, we are deploying funds to grow our integrated value chains and we will increasingly remunerate our shareholders. With that, Doug, let's turn over to Q&A.
Doug May: Thank you, Andrew. Now we'll move to your questions. First, however, I would like to remind you about my comments earlier regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures. They apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Lauren, would you please explain the Q&A process.
Operator: Thank you, sir. (Operator Instructions). We'll take our first question from Hassan Ahmed with Alembic Global.
Hassan Ahmed: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew N. Liveris: Good morning, Hassan.
Hassan Ahmed: Obviously extreme volatility in terms of NGL prices. What is your view about sort of these recent spikes we've seen in propane, in ethylene in particular?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, and welcome to the polar vortex, I guess, Hassan. We're in the middle of it here in the middle of Michigan, I can tell you that. So weather driven. This is obviously going through its spike. This is a very, very odd winter in extremities and I think this has caused a few of these fractionation facilities, extraction facilities to shutdown and curtail supply of NGLs and at the same time demand is peaking because of the cold weather. We believe that this will be a spike that will subside. And based on the huge oversupply of NGLs that is coming on, this will be an oversupply year in NGLs. So we consider it transitory. And Bill said in his modeling point, it will create some pressure in the first quarter but we've got all that cost levers in place, so we're going to blow right through it.
Hassan Ahmed: Fair enough. On a separate note, Andrew, you obviously talked about some of the growth levers that are out there and also with that is Sadara, the PDH facility and the like. Could you comment a bit on whether they're on schedule, on budget and like?
Andrew N. Liveris: On schedule, on budget and we  I just was in Saudi Arabia like week and we've had exceptional reviews. As you know with Sadara, I'm honing in on Sadara because that's the one that's here now. It's roughly 35%, 40% compete in terms of construction. It's a site to behold, Hassan, and we've got an investor meeting in March. We invite everyone to come that can make it through Doug May. He'll get that organized. Saudi Aramco and Dow are going to host a visit to this site and we're going to show you 40,000 people on that site growing to a peak of 60,000. So to be on budget, on schedule is a phenomenal achievement. We're very proud of them and their safety record in particular as well as of course their financial record so far. A complex project that will begin operations next year is going to result in that year being the year that we'll start seeing positive. We'll have headwind this year as Bill said, but we'll have tailwinds next year out of the earnings stream of that project. And the ethylene envelope is one of the first envelopes that will start up there, which is powerful (indiscernible) was nicely for the cycle that we anticipate to begin next year. U.S. Gulf Coast, you were up to speed. The PDH is the lead unit there. Of course incremental expenditures of St. Charles up and running, doing great, overachieving. LA-3 in Plaquemine. We're going to add another $250 million of incremental EBITDA. That will be on stream in 2015, PDH on stream in 2015. The big second wave which is the big (indiscernible) cracker is still slated for 2017.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning.
Andrew N. Liveris: Hi, David.
David Begleiter: Andrew, one of your newest investors is arguing that you're Pet Chem businesses are under earning due to your focus on your downstream business resulting some poor efficiencies. How do you respond to those critiques?
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, in the earnings script as you heard me talk through who we are and we're not, it's really easy to talk about Pet Chem and Specialty Chem and commodity Chem, but we at Dow look at value chains and we look at ethane to ethylene to polyethylene resins of the solution resin kind that provide high end users for packaging and elastomers and automotive and wiring, cable and telecommunications. We're a complete value chain. We're number one across the chain. It is obviously impossible to think of Dow as a petrochemical company anymore because we've exited over $10 billion of commodities. Lots of the K-Dow scope is now sold. We've actually done the divestment of what might have been called a Pet Chem business, the traditional commodity businesses. The results speak for themselves in our strategy. Our value chain between NGLs, ethylene, our specific high value plastic resins, these are high value. There's only one other competitor out there with these high value resins and they're a big oil company and they love their business as much as we do. No one else can mimic this Dow business. And so it's a (indiscernible) to start talking about Pet Chem. We think the performance is great. We agree, by the way, with that statement from that investor that there's upside. We are going to release all the upside by the investments we're doing like the one that Hassan asked about, plus we're building up our innovation engine. More than half the profits are coming out of that chain come from innovation not from low cost beat stocks. So there's a lot of clarity that I think that letter speaks to that we need to provide and we'll do that.
David Begleiter: Just lastly, Performance Materials strong in Q4, how much of that is sustainable into 2014?
Andrew N. Liveris: So the polar vortex to one side in this big spike that were all seeing as an aberration hopefully not repeatable, Q1 is going to be a bit challenged. But look, I said in this group that there is a lot of cost focus and productivity focus. Joe Harlan and his team are right on it. We are taking down costs, were growing the growers, were seeing good demand in things like polyglycols surfactants for example that was mentioned on the call and were doing great in Polyurethanes again, because were taking out costs and we are starting to see expanded margins. There is a beginning of tailwinds. Tailwinds of the economy, we dont talk much about that. But the quarter have showed some tailwinds, especially in the U.S., that is helping Polyurethanes in particular and there is some better price momentum as a result. We are very confident that that will have a good year, this year, on top of the good finish to the year last year.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Roberts with UBS. Mr. Roberts, your line is open.
John Roberts: Good morning. Can you hear me now?
Andrew N. Liveris: Hi, John.
John Roberts: Dow has a number of commodity JVs that are largely merchant sales. Are those due to the hedge or should we view them like the consolidated strategy of exiting commodity merchant sales over time?
Andrew N. Liveris: More the latter, John, because theyre joint ventures, theyre definitely a more complex as a result. We exit them, some of them at a time in a place when we were a commodity petrochemical company to the previous question. We are no longer a commodity petrochemical company and as a consequence of that you could consider -- we love these assets; theyre making great financial returns, particularly now of the commodity cycle, but theyre volatile. And the volatility in our earnings over time is something that as you know were trying to shed because weve higher ROC uses especially in the 100% oil and plastics business, I just described in the previous question. So were going to continue to run those to optimize value, maximize value. We obviously have to work with our partners, so we -- across those chains, we have great partners from Siam Cement to the Kuwait partners to the Argentinean partners. But over time you can consider that we will look at those as options. As I said earlier today, we looked at over 35 options to release value at this Company. Our Board finalized the strategy review late fall. Youve seen our announcements in December. You can expect more. Weve got lots of outside advisors who have advised us on this. You can expect us to do more of these next 12 to 18 months than what weve announced.
John Roberts: And as a follow-up, how much of the Performance Plastic segment now has advantage feedstock and how much of it is still linked to a NAFTA supply chain?
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, the number I prefer to give you is once the Texas cracker is up and running that will be about greater than 70% will be advantaged and thats a global number.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Koort: Thanks very much. Just want to clarify one item with Bill. I think you said Sadara would hit you for 50 to 100, but your equity earnings will be flat. Should we imply then there is some uptick cyclically in polyethylene, ethylene dichloride etcetera that gets offset by the Sadara call?
William H. Weideman: Rob yes, exactly. So we believe we will continue to see improving equity earnings in those other companies including Dow, Dow Corning. So overall for 2014 we expect our equity earnings to remain in a $1 billion level at a company level.
Robert Koort: And Andrew, I pick you address the margin situation in Performance Materials, what has to happen to finally see a little volume improvement? It seems like some of those end markets you serve are growing, so why havent we seen any traction at the volume line?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, I mean, look the demand picture, remember these are very consumer exposed Rob and so the demand picture and things like furniture and bedding and even the strong rebound of automotive, thats only a small percent of the Polyurethanes in the U.S for us. These are rigid Polyurethanes that go to automotive. We are mostly in the flex and it has historically been a great position for us, but it's very consumer led and thats not stopped consumers from buying for the reasons you know and so that thats a big chunk of Poly Performance Materials today. Now as we do the investments in Sadara, we do the investments in PDH, we draw down low on the cost-curve, we dont need price to expand margin. But it would be nice to have price at this consumer led demand, which is what I said we started to see in the quarter, it's going to make it for a better year to your -- the earlier question. But we train the PU part of that group and especially chemical part which is doing great. It offsets the other down drop within that group, which is epoxy. Epoxy as we now said for three earnings calls is the problem child. We are solving for it the way weve announced. But the PU side is beginning its rebound and it doesnt have to be just be a cost out strategy, it could be a demand led price increase strategy as the economy rebounds especially in flex polyols.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: Hi, good morning. Normally what happens with performance materials, and even with performance plastics in the fourth quarter, is that theres often some seasonal margin weakness but this year was really pretty different in that your performance materials were call it up a little bit more than $100 million from your core operations and your performance plastics and EBITDA were up maybe $250 million. Can you talk about what actually happened sequentially to really lift those returns so sharply and why this year was different from previous years?
Andrew N. Liveris: The two things very simply Jeff that we actually answered now, the quarter was a stunning quarter, not because it was a surprise to us. Because the cost reductions throughout the year took hold across those value chains especially in performance materials and the beginning of tailwinds of demand especially our performance materials. Performance plastics has been running pretty snug, our performance plastics has been really growing pretty snug all year but that had terrible margins in Europe and Asia because of all the weak demand thats in those two continent. The U.S. business has been doing great, but the beginning of price movements in those businesses as the entire industry, we had price up 7% year-on-year in the quarter and performance plastics up 3% over Q3. Thats a big indicator of answering your question of demand growth, demand growth beyond the U.S.
Jeff Zekauskas: And then lastly your CapEx for 2014 I think youve said is $3.3 billion to $3.5 billion; is that an unusual bump up or with the many new capacity additions that you have coming on over the next several years, are we now in a $3 billion to $3.5 billion range?
William H. Weideman: Jeff, this is Bill. Thats very much in line with what we had indicated earlier. We have mentioned to you that our Gulf Coast projects is roughly $4 billion right over three to four years. So we have said that our CapEx spending would increase roughly $1 billion per year. So if you take this year where we ended up at $2.3 billion if I recall add $1 billion and youre in that $3.3 billion to $3.5 billion. So now very much in line with our expectation, and then well kind of stay at that level for a couple of years and then it will drop off -- it will start to drop off after the PDH unit and then further obviously after the cracker; but very much in line with our previous input.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Mckarty with Bank of America.
Kevin Mckarty: Yes, good morning.
Andrew N. Liveris: Hi, Kevin.
Kevin Mckarty: Andrew, Dow AgroSciences continues to perform well. You indicated margin ramp potential of 300 to 400 basis points there and potential to double the value over five to seven years. Would you consider separating that business if you became convinced that Dow could be remunerated for that future growth potential in today's market?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yeah, so thanks Kevin for the question; exactly the numbers I used on the call and something that I have been asked about for the better part of seven or eight years. And so there is a consistency to the notion that a biology driven business with a higher multiple thats more biotech indicated could have a different valuation than the Dow, some of the parts valuation. Our data doesnt suggest that for our business right now because it's mostly a chemistry driven business, crop protection is by far the biggest part of Dow AgroSciences. So theres a couple of our competitors out there that are more look alikes to us, BSF, [Bayer] [ph] are more chemistry driven businesses. We do have as you know a substantial investment in biology, but its chemistry related biology. So in essence and this is a great example that the weed control system weve obviously talked a lot about. So theres a lot of leverage thats going on between Dows chemistry expertise where we have world class capabilities as a company and what Dow AgroSciences actually launches. In fact most of their launches over these last several years have been in Ag chemicals and crop protection not in just new seeds and traits. Obviously by growing smart stacks and growing in list, as Dow starts to create new value in seeds, traits and oils and the breakeven year for that is next year 2015. And we believe once seeds, traits and oils gets to a breakeven year then we could start to look at seeds, traits and oils a little more standalone than its relationship to Ag chemicals but I want you to think about it, Dow AgroSciences two businesses; one very linked down, one linked to the other business there was on chemistry, but its biology and chemistry intersections that we exploit into AgroSciences. We will look at all options of  with better off or always apply and I've used it on the call, I've used it in every earnings call I've ever had, I've used it in every shareholder direction. If someone comes up and gives an offer we can't refuse, we will definitely look at it.
Kevin Mckarty: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Butler with Glen Hill Investments.
Peter Butler: Good morning.
Andrew N. Liveris: Good morning, Peter.
Peter Butler: How have the economic and government related uncertainties impacted your prior view on the ethylene supply outlook? And what are the prospects now for a ramp up in the cycle? And related to that, when do you see the liquid-based ethylene around the world getting into the shortage zone?
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Peter, for your questions. We believe that the economic recovery although not great in the last several years has kept the view towards the cycle of being in the '14, '15, '16 timeframe. We've pushed out that late '14 into the '15 because of weak demand, especially out of China. You mentioned the liquids base. The Southeast Asia and Asia and crackers have been under incredible pressure as of the Europeans and the consequence of that has meant that demand has been weakened. They've been under margin pressure and the only thing that's going to save them of course is price increases because they can't do much on the cost side. We believe the U.S. will lead this cycle. We're seeing signs of traction now. We're getting up into the high 80s. We feel this year will be around 89, maybe as much as 90% for the entire industry operating rate. That's a global number. And as a consequence of that, I think you're going to see maximum operating rates for these next several years. And so the liquids cracker should stat expanding margins next year.
Peter Butler: Does Dow have a leg on how a possible 2015, 2016 ethylene peak might compare to previous peaks? For instance, it looks like in this cycle uniquely you could have a situation where product prices go up a lot, but the raw material costs actually go down.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. That's the U.S. advantage. I mean there's no question, Shell has brought a complete different view to profitability in this peak cycle in ethylene-related products not just plastics but also ethylene glycol. Our plastics business that way we've configured it is as I said, half of the profits are coming from value-add downstream, half are coming from the upstream integration. The path that's going to go up of course in a very big way in the cycle is the upstream ethylene margins. We believe that our plastics business will go north or $5 billion of EBITDA in the next year or so as a result of what we could see based on your question because of low NGLs in the U.S. super cycle like the late '80s.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Thanks very much. Just two quick ones. First, in the quarter was there any material benefit from the Evangeline pipeline being down?
Andrew N. Liveris: No. We have our own pipeline and storage capacity. We're in good shape. Obviously we're tracking that, but no to answer you quickly.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. Thank you. And then as a follow-up or separately, on Enlist in  I know in the U.S. you have DuPont licensed it, Monsanto licensed it but down in Brazil, how do you plan on commercializing Enlist soybeans and I guess what do you think the first stack will be? Are you going to stack it with Roundup Ready 2 or how is that going to work?
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, I mean we have obviously our Enlist soybeans license with DuPont which is global and we believe that's particularly valuable in Latin America where chem does not enjoy the same registrations and widespread uses as 24D. So that's going to be one way to monetize to your point on Latin America. We also really believe that as a consequence of that, Enlist will have a great pick in the Latin America market. It's our first year in soybeans in Argentina. We entered Brazil just two years ago. As you know, we have a strong corn position ourselves in Latin America. So between our license and the DuPont and of course what we're doing with our own backup penetration, we believe that it will occur in a very quick timeframe in Latin America and partly as a stack.
Operator: Our next question comes from P.J. Juvekar with Citigroup.
P.J. Juvekar: Hi. Good morning, Andrew. In the U.S. you had a lot of propane in your crackers because you need propylene for the specialties. And as you know, propane crack is lower than ethylene crack, so how much of your crack today is propane versus ethylene? And at least in the near term before PDH starts, what can you do to improve that?
Andrew N. Liveris: As you know, we have some of the best flex crackers in the business, EP cracker wise. We're doing 30% propane about now. As you know we're running the crackers for cash. We actually can flex speeds within an hour, that's how fast we can do it. We can do a little more. We've got some projects there and the biggest one you've heard us announce is the propane to ethane flex for LA-3. LA-3 in Louisiana is a naphtha [ph] cracker, liquids cracker, so that's a big project that will start up next year. We are being doing our incremental ones, I mean the very incremental ones but the 30%, 35% technical minimum is what we need to run at for our downstream products.
P.J. Juvekar: Okay. Thank you. And secondly, with all this talk about commodities and specialties which has been going on for years, so when you look at your strategy, many times in some chains you start it in the intermediate because historically Dow did not want to compete with these customers. And so you ended up with lot of intermediates. So is there a change in strategy on how you want to go downstream further and/or maybe stop there and get rid of those businesses with two options. Can you just talk about that?
Andrew N. Liveris: Very targeted question, P.J., and obviously shows your longevity in the industry. So when we did Roman Haas, one of the key parameters that we used is we'll never be a company that competes with our customers. We have to be the very best technology provider to people who we consider our customers have touched the consumers. So coatings is a great example where we could take that one step forward into high value emotions and use our building blocks, as you talked about whether they'll be butanol or whether they be acrylic acid which we didn't have a lot of until we acquired Roman Haas and then go that one step but not be a paint company. And so that's where we stopped. We know how customers prefer our high technology. Obviously we'd like to do more exclusive with key customers on key product launches like, for example, the Vulcan [ph] using the coatings example. Electronic materials was a great end use market fit from Roman Haas that actually had a R&D synergy with polyurethane chemistry to help make better slurry pads, for example, but then we got a lot of other technologies we could lever into electronic materials that we had in our other businesses. Our water business, the un-exchanged resin business that Roman Haas had completely complemented our reversal osmosis business and the two together have created a powerful water business but we're not a water provider. So we are an ingredient and technology and component provider and that's our strategy and that's why Roman Haas was such a terrific fit for us in terms of technology and application. And that's what you should think about we're doing here. We're not trying to be a consumer company. We are trying to be the best functional technology provider using our low cost building blocks, our integrated value chain but stopping short of being the company that provides a consumer.
Doug May: Lauren, it may be time for one more question.
Operator: We'll go next to Frank Mitsch with Wells Fargo Securities.
Andrew N. Liveris: Hi, Frank.
Frank Mitsch: Well, the pressure is really on, Andrew, but first I wanted to start out; obviously a great end to the year but more importantly congratulations on the Order of Australia award.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you.
Frank Mitsch: It's always nice to see a chemical guy do well. Some discussion this morning on raw materials, but you also described healthy demand particularly in the plastics area, so I was wondering about the pace of pricing to offset this big spike, polar vortex driven spike and how fast do you think you can realize some offsets on the pricing side? And then as has been talked about before, record earnings in plastics in this quarter, can you give us a sense as to what percent of the earnings came from outside the U.S. in the plastics area this past quarter?
Andrew N. Liveris: The second one, I'll get the guys to quickly look up. I don't have it at the top of my head but certainly let me talk about demand, the finish of the quarter and then of the year and the way we saw the demand leading to some recovery of the polar vortex led cost increases. As we said we had a $0.07 increase for Plastics in December and we have a $0.04 announced for February Bill?
William H. Weideman: I think so.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, so this is a two that hopefully on the plastic side based in good demand will help overcome. Performance Materials might have a lot more pitch and so were going to have to be very aggressive on the cost side there, but -- we got aggressive moves go along the price, but whether they stick on -- based on demand, based on how I answered the earlier question. But you should think about it as condition neutral for gross of January and February and with demand picking up maybe we will get some margin expansion in plastics. In terms of how we feel about the way the dynamics around the world are, you should think about the profit for the quarter in plastics, 70%, 80% coming from the United States and Canada.
Frank Mitsch: Okay, great. Thats very helpful. And youre setting a high expectation for these conference calls in terms of breaking news with the dividend and the share buyback this time. But the last quarter conference call obviously was the chlorine carve-out. Where do we stand on that? What is the interest level been like? What is your current thoughts there?
Andrew N. Liveris: Interest level has been terrific. We have -- were marching down the products. You know we got a prepared pro forma financial. Thats not easy thing to do for something as integrated as chlorine. Weve retained outside advisors for the transactions. We believe that were on our track. Wed like to complete them on the earlier part of the 12 to 24 months timeframe we talked about, but we will stay with that for now. We have an internal organization, we have this column CEOs announce for the businesses and weve lots of interest and I would basically like to bridge to your earlier observation about the calls and what we announced in the last call, what we announced in this call. That dividend increase and that share buyback maybe a little lost in the (indiscernible) all things weve been talking about. That is a significant statement from our Board, from a series of actions weve been taking through our strategic review process. That shows you our financial flexibility and our cash flow that we generated in the last year and the cash flow we believe will be generated in this next many years. Its a statement of confidence and its a statement of belief that were undervalued and that were going to be releasing a lot of value in these next many, many quarters and Im not going to promise you a breaking news every quarter Frank, but Im going to say you can expect the drum beat of actions from Dow to liberate cash and reward our shareholders. And that expansion of the share buyback program is very attractive to shareholders proactively manages dilution and frankly will hopefully enable in a conversion to our preferred as we get the [up swirl] [ph] for our earnings. Liberating earnings of the balance sheet, being shareholder friendly and of course getting out of low ROC commodity businesses and I guess Frank youve served as a way of a wrap up here. Thank you for that question.
Doug May: Yes, fantastic. Thank you everyone for your questions and for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in Dow. For your reference, a copy of the prepared comments will be posted on Dows website later today. This concludes our call for today. We look forward to speaking with you again soon. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company's Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Results Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) Also todays call is being recorded. Id now like to turn the call over to Doug May, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Doug May: Thank you, Lauren. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, we are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company, any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Dale Winger, Associate Director, Investor Relations. Around 7 AM this morning, October 24, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and was posted on the Internet on dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are posted on our website and through the link to our webcast. Now, some of our comments today include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimates and we dont plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you would like to see more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments reference non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and on our website. Unless otherwise specified, all comparisons presented today will be on a year-over-year basis. EBITDA, EBITDA margins, and earnings comparisons exclude certain items. The agenda for today's call is on Slide three. And Ill now hand it  hand the call over to Andrew.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Doug and good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Turning to Slide 4, this quarter was another solid proved point in Dows earnings growth momentum and our focus on executing self help measures. Both strategic moves as well as tactical interventions to achieve top and bottom line gains in a perpetually slow-growth world. Here are the highlights, adjusted earnings per share grew 19% year-over-year, representing our fourth consecutive quarter of EPS growth. We delivered $1.4 billion of cash flow from operations, a 27% increase year-over-year. year-to-date weve generated an additional $3.1 billion of cash flow from operations versus the prior year. As strong cash flow and strategic actions are allowing us to fund our organic growth and additional shareholder remuneration. Ill focus on debt reduction, $200 million in the quarter and $2.4 billion year-to-date droves our net debt to capital ratio down to 34.7% below the low-end of our historical range. We delivered solid EBITDA improvement led by our Performance Plastics franchise, where high margin market focus and cost advantage enable us to deliver EBITDA growth of more than 30% and notably our Coatings and Infrastructure, and Electronics and Functional Materials businesses also delivered EBITDA gains up 15% and 5% respectively. We continued to be proactive and as youve seen through our consistent and persistent actions over the last 12 months. Dow has a number of key catalysts in place that are fueling momentum, enhancing return on capital and driving higher returns for our shareholders. We've a number of strategic business transitions in motion, including the signed transaction on your Polypropylene Licensing and Catalysts business. Today, we announced additional financial milestones aligned with further actions we are taking to go narrower and deeper into attractive markets and proper pools and deselecting portions of value chains that are no longer core to our business. But first, I will turn it over to Bill for more detail on our financial and operating results in the quarter.
William H. Weideman: Thank you, Andrew. Turning to Slide 6, sales increased 1% or 2% on an adjusted basis to $13.7 billion. EBITDA was $1.8 billion and earnings was $0.49 per share or $0.50 per share on an adjusted basis. This compares with earnings of $0.42 per share in the same period last year. Now moving to Slide 7, we will see the key drivers of our results this quarter. We drove aggressive price actions across all businesses. However, the full benefit of these actions was offset by higher and volatile raw material costs. Equity earnings grew $147 million year-over-year led by our joint ventures in Kuwait. Further, our cost reduction actions continue to gain traction, reaching $320 million year-to-date and remain on track to deliver $500 million in EBITDA by the year-end and $1 billion on a run rate basis by year end 2014. Now, let me take a moment to dive deeper into price and volume trends on Page 8. We saw a strong performance in emerging geographies, where both price and volume increases drove revenue gains of 5%. We also delivered strong revenue gains in key end used markets including Electronic and Functional Materials, Coatings and Infrastructure, Performance Packaging and Agricultural Sciences. Volume grew 5% in Latin America and 3% in Asia Pacific, offsetting currency headwinds in both regions. Developed geographies volume declined, primarily due to previously announced shutdowns, weak chlorine chain industry fundamentals and a lighter feedstock slate in Europe. Now turning to the operating segments, starting with Electronic and Functional Materials on Slide 9. Sales in Electronic and Functional Materials were up 5% as volume growth of 6% more than offset a 1% decline in price. Ongoing strong demand for functional films and OLED materials and mobile devices grew volume increases in Dow Electronic Materials. Functional Materials delivered gains due to healthy fundamentals in the energy and home care sectors. Now turning to Coatings and Infrastructure Solutions, which grew sales 6% year-over-year; this is particularly notable given the significant headwind this sector has faced over the last several years. EBITDA and EBITDA margins were up 15% and nearly 120 basis points respectively, reflecting the benefit of our targeted cost actions as well as improving conditions in the construction market. Sales gains were broad-based with increases across all businesses and all geographic areas. Dow Building and Construction grew volume in all regions. Strong sales in architectural coatings drove growth in Dow Coating Materials and sales rose in Dow Water and Process Solutions to the healthy demand in reverse osmosis technologies in Asia Pacific. Now turning to Agricultural Sciences, which reported third quarter sales of $1.4 billion, up 8% versus same period last year. Crop Protection sales increased 10%, representing a new quarterly record. Seeds, Traits and Oils sales and EBITDA declined as cool, wet weather in the Northern Hemisphere led to higher seed returns in the quarter. Now moving to Performance Materials where sales were down 3% versus the years ago period. Volume gains in Dow Automotive Systems, in Propylene Oxide and Propylene Glycol were more than offset by decline in other businesses, most notably Epoxy, driven by weak industry fundamentals. We achieved price gains in most business units, however this was more than offset by higher raw material costs leading to margin contraction in portion of a chlorine value chain, particularly Epoxy or Chlorinated Organics, Polyurethanes and Propylene Oxide and Propylene Glycol. Now turning to Slide 11; sales in Performance Plastics were $3.6 billion, up 3% compared to the same quarter last year or 6% excluding the impact of divestures. Double digits sales gains were achieved in North America and Asia Pacific, with strong sales growth in Latin America. Dow Packaging and specialty Plastics delivered strong sales increases in flexible foods and specialty packaging. EBITDA for this segment was up 32% versus the same period last year driven by broad-based pricings across all geographic areas. And Feedstocks and Energy sales were $2.3 billion down 7% versus the prior year. Price was flat while volume declined 7%, volume decreases were driven by lower operating rates and lighter feedslate mix in Europe. Limited product availability in caustic soda associated with planned turnarounds in the Gulf Coast also contributed to the decreased volumes in this segment. Now let me turn to our cash flow and balance sheet, were we have made great progress. During the quarter we generated $1.4 billion in cash from operations, a 27% increase versus the same period last year. Our net debt to total capital improved to 34.7% down from 36.4% last quarter. Since 2010, we have reduced gross debt by $5.2 billion. We were also delivering steady progress against our previously announced divestiture targets. As you know in October we announced the signing of the divestiture of our Polypropylene Licensing & Catalysts business. As our cash flow and interim earnings continue to grow, we remained focused on our three priorities: rewarding shareholders, funding organic growth, and further reducing debt. Before I wrap up, let me provide a few additional comments for modeling purposes. We expect to see the normal seasonal slowdown in the fourth quarter. We expect strong margins will continue in Performance Plastics. So we will continue to monitor Propylene to Ethylene margins as we entered the winter months. We expect to see on-going growth in Agricultural Sciences. We expect equity earnings will be in the mid-200 range and our restructuring cost reduction actions will continue to ramp as we move into the fourth quarter, and we expect per tax rate to be in the 26% to 28% range. And now Id like to turn it back over to Andrew.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Bill. Dow delivered another solid quarter and remains in a strong path forward. Our earnings and cash performance demonstrate our ability to execute in the phase of uncertainty and the debt reduction, cost control and divestiture progress Bill just discussed, are further proof were deploying every tool without disposal to effectively control the controllable. However the reality remains. We are operating within a global business environment that still is not stabilized. We have volatility and uncertainty cleared the new norm. So if you turn to Slide 14, we anticipated this ongoing volatility which has fundamentally changed the way global markets behave and the way our business must be prepared to respond. This is why over the previous twelve months, weve maintained a steady focus on driving improvements in return on capital to release value and we have consistently provided progress reports on this plan, for example at our Investor Forum in 2012 using ROC as our lens, we shared our view on segment specific plans to enhance value. We then follow this for the closer look and how our focus on ROC was driving our investment decisions and as a result in the first quarter of this year announced plans to divest $1.5 billion of non-strategic assets. In the second quarter we reviewed additional work we had undertaken on underperforming units unveiling plans for broader portfolio optimization activities, mostly in the Performance Materials segment. And just last month, I shared specific next steps with respect to these actions including anticipated transactions with portions of our point change and our commodity derivatives. As a result of this steady ongoing focus and our deeper drill into ROC challenge business, we turn to Slide 15, today we are announcing that we will accelerate our intermediate divestiture financial goal moving from our initial target of $1.5 billion which is well under way and expanding that to a financial milestone of $3 billion to $4 billion over the next 18 to 24 months. The additional divestiture proceeds will come from the strategic decisions we are making regarding markets and value chains within our chlorine portfolio. The decisions we have taken of these last many months have been underpinned by a comprehensive analysis of the industry's and markets we serve and our competitive position in these value chains in order to determine the best market and portfolio combination to drive return on capital higher, invest in the right markets and businesses and maximize shareholder value. Turning to Slide 16, put simply we are moving away from being all things to all markets, and going deeper and narrower into profit pools were Dow can extract value with our strong science and technology base and highly competitive cost position. More than two thirds of $40 billion of revenue of our businesses today are in high-margin attractive sectors such as electronics, packaging and agriculture to name just a few. In these sectors we are working closely with customers to grow our technology and leadership position. We also have roughly $10 billion of businesses located in markets where we expect demand to regain its pre-2008 crisis footing. These are strong underlying competitive advantage and are receiving further attention to enhance our results. However, its gaining traction take for example, the Coatings and Infrastructure Solutions segment where our cost and pricing actions, broader feedstock integration with our recently start-up SAMCo JV in Saudi Arabia and improving market fundamentals in construction, infrastructure and housing resulted in both top and bottom line growth for the first time in more than seven consecutive quarters. However, this analysis has also illuminated the fact that we have businesses we believe serve markets that are not best suited for Dow long-term. In these businesses we have solid low-cost competitive position and are currently using a run for cash business model and have identified the path of transaction as forthcoming to several. So turning to Slide 17, take for example our Chlorine chain with today's downstream market choices drive our future integration needs making these choices is not an all or nothing decision. While we are driving aggressive plans to improve these businesses, we believe the different owner is better positioned to expect maximum value long-term from portions of our Chlorine and derivatives assets, such as Epoxy resins, chlorinated organics and the [indiscernible] chain. Due to complexity associated with this collection of businesses, it might take notable steps and structures to unlock the full value of these assets. Were very conscience in the carve out process, not to lead any stranded costs and create negative synergies. From a timing perspective, you can expect this scope to further crystallize over the next six months. Turning to Slide 18, specifically for the Epoxy business, note that this has historically been a terrific business with EBITDA margins approaching 20% and we believe that it is capable of becoming a strong business again. However, recent and widely acknowledged industry overbuilding, especially in China, has been a significant headwind to its profitability. In 2012, we proactively addressed these challenges head on showering nonperforming assets throughout restructuring programs and we are winding this business in a low cost, operationally excellent manner leveraging out vantage cost positions. The team is focused and aligned with both strategic and operational plans firmly in place to deliver improvements. We are running a lean organization and running it for cash, streamlining a geographic structure, driving clear accountability against share and increased earnings and prioritizing R&D investments in favor of reliably delivering core products to the Epoxy market. All firmly in place to aggressively further reduce additional costs across the business. And while we have a dedicated team focused on fixing and improving profitability by $100 million in the near-term, as I mentioned in September, we are evaluating various options to reduce our participation in the Epoxy based value chain. Put simply, we believe these are great assets. However, as we have carefully evaluated the markets served by the Epoxy business, it is clear these markets no longer align with Dow strategic priorities. Therefore, we are looking to transact this business either by a joint venture or a sale and we see this transaction taking place in the near-term. We have and well continue to give you updates as we progress on this dual track plan. Turning to Slide 19, and to our Polyurethanes franchise which serves a broad range of sectors. We remain convinced that through our chemistry and material science capabilities we can win in select end markets that offer attractive growth. And as we go narrow and deeper into these strategically aligned markets, we continue to optimize our participation across their value chains. First, we have real teams that focus in the four key sectors shown on the slide drilling deeper were value is highest. Second, we are optimizing our participation in every step of the value chain. We are focusing on operational excellence in our components businesses and rightsizing our systems business for new market realities, particularly in Western Europe. We have shut six assets over the last 12 months and reduced structural costs through streamlining the organization. Going forward, we expect our cost reduction actions in Polyurethanes to provide an additional $100 million of benefit to the bottom line. And third, were investing for higher and more sustainable margins over the long-term by securing attractive, cost advantage feedstock positions through both our PDH project on the U.S. Gulf Coast, as well as our Sadara joint venture. Bottom line, we are confident that the fixed actions we are taking now would deliver meaningful improvement for polyurethanes and the longer term fundamentals of our portfolio remain attractive for earnings growth. Turning to Slide 20, these portfolio actions and many other previously stated self-help measures of the cost and cash intervention type complemented by value drivers such as Sadara and our new earning streams including the U.S Gulf Coast plus new EBITDA from innovation totaled more than $3 billion of EBITDA in the near-term. These catalysts plus several external factors, including lower pension expense, leverage from higher operating rates and tightening of the ethylene balances will allow our EBITDA trajectory to go north of $10 billion. These actions are in motion and fully funded in our CapEx and expense plans and therefore we are confident that we have the projects and programs to deliver this near-term earnings growth. Turning to Slide 21, in fact when you combine our strong cash flow from operations with which we aggressively paid down debt and reduced interest expense the cash generation from our embedded catalyst was just mentioned. And finally, the cash from our accelerated divestiture targets this company is well positioned to execute against our stated cash priorities, reduce interest expense for the balance sheet, fund our organic growth agenda and reward our shareholders. So let me now turn to our outlook where the global economic recovery has been hesitant and growth has been slowed and spotty as best. On Slide 23, despite a number of positive underlying market fundamentals political uncertainties in key regions continue to hinder economic recovery. China is stabilizing and looking ahead we see fundamentals improving with stronger growth in 2014. However, heading into the fourth quarter, we are yet to see a clear uptick in holiday export demand. A weaker yen is bolstering exports in Japan. The resulting increase in investor production momentum is possibly impacting industries, such as automotive. We view a corresponding uptick in consumer and manufacturing confidence as a positive catalyst for business investments in the region. Conditions in Europe remain soft. However, in our view the market has found bottom and we expect to see more positive singles in the near-term than in the previous three years, especially in the Northern Zone countries. Volatile currency conditions are driving cautious purchasing patterns in Latin America, especially in Brazil. However, the fundamentals in particular for agriculture and packaging remain quite strong in this region. And finally, despite recent paralysis in Washington, the U.S is on the whole demonstrating stable, albeit slow growth with demand in a number of key end-use markets including automotive, durable goods, residential new construction, agriculture and packaging. We remain concerned that the ongoing dysfunctionality will cause you as GDP to slow versus the original 2014 forecast of 3%. So against this backlog of uncertain and above our global environment we are focused on controlling what we can control and we will continue to demonstrate significant progress. These self-help measures is a strong bridge to the new EBITDA streams that will stop surfacing in a big way once our Sadara plan starts up in 2015 and the other aforementioned value drivers kick in. We remain squarely focused on three key areas: selecting and winning in the right markets, going deep, not wide; adjusting our portfolio; and driving unrelenting financial and operating discipline using ROC as our lens and distributing surplus cash so as to maximize shareholder value. Dows intense focus on higher operating performance coupled with the ongoing ramp up of our self-help measures, we have all the right levers in place and well be undeterred in our actions to further increase shareholder returns. With that, I will turn things back over to Doug for Q&A.
Doug May: Great. Thank you, Andrew. Now we move on to your questions. First, I would like to remind you that my comments earlier regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both, our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Lauren, would you please explain the Q&A procedure.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from John McNulty with Credit Suisse.
John P. McNulty: Good morning and thanks for taking my question. With regard to the debt load that youre carrying, youve dropped that pretty significantly with all the cash flow that youve been generating and now you are talking about divesting $3 billion to $4 billion. So I guess can you walk us through how much far do you expect to bring down the debt load? And then, at what point might we start to see cash getting returned to the shareholder in a different way whether its share buybacks or bigger dividends or what have you?
William H. Weideman: Sure. Hi, John, this is Bill. You are exactly right. As you know that our net debt to total capital has come down significantly due to the permissible actions weve taken over the last four or five years, reducing debt by $5 billion, and youre right. The entry point of that is comment [ph]. With both our expectation and strong cash flow generation plus the proceed well have a lot of flexibility going forward. As I think of debt, John, we think that this is a way that  I think of it. Its not so much as uncertainty for a specific target, our net debt to total cap. We will continue to reduce debt, but its primarily to reduce interest cost, which will increase our earnings and will give us the flexibility return than more to shareholders. So as you think about our debt, we will continue to bring down debt. Youll be focused on our highest cost percentage debt. It is primarily to liberate more earnings. At the same time we will also fund our growth projects that weve laid out, but clearly as you pointed out were going to have a lot more cash to return to shareholders both in terms of increased dividend and share repurchase. So were at a very good position and the key message is we have a lot of flexibility going forward.
Andrew N. Liveris: Just to add on, John, I mean accelerating share repurchase and address the dividend.
John P. McNulty: Great, thanks. And then just give us as a quick follow-up. On the $3 billion to $4 billion of divestitures coming, it sound like some of the businesses are really struggling right now, some are maybe doing at least okay. How should we think about the earnings power of those businesses and the potential loss of that as you sell in over the next 12 to 18 months or 18 to 24 months?
Andrew N. Liveris: So John, the scoping here matters a lot. And as you know from our previous conversations with many of you, the electrochemical unit, the chlorine part of that unit feeds a lot of our value, add businesses downstream, so decoupling the commodity pieces such as [indiscernible], such as chlorinated organics, such as vinyls. If you decouple it and think about those, we dont actually loose a lot of EBITDA because we would not spend this far comment on my prepared remarks, we are not going to leave any stranded cost. The value chain is quite well up here in the United States. PVC guys are enjoying good domestic market as well exports based on low cost natural gas. So between caustic soda, Chlorinated Organics and Epoxy, these are basically single-digit EBITDA in the Dow context and frankly, we will basically see an improvement in our more because there will be less commodity and frankly the EBITDA on our second quarter earnings call therefore you to see and is basically $5 billion of revenue and roughly $450 million of EBITDA.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Roberts with UBS.
John E. Roberts: Good morning, can you hear me?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes.
John E. Roberts: Could you decompose the volume decline in North America a little bit for us, you were down 2% and again thats your most cost advantage region, you shouldnt have had as much impact perhaps from margin pressure from higher feedstock, but maybe decompose that a little bit in terms of where the volume weakness and was it up excluding chlorinated products in North America?
Andrew N. Liveris: So look, price volume in North America for plastics was at its max, so the unit that did very well, plastics was up by about 9% on price and down a little bit on volume and that actually tells you a North America story, that on the seed return in Ag, which was commented on our prepared remarks. If you look across most of the units that was strong, E&FM were up 8%, driven by functional materials, C&I was up 5%. So really the one youve highlighted which was the performance materials chlorine chain specifically Epoxy was the line that was most affected plus a little bit of the feedstock and energy unit because of the caustic turnaround.
John E. Roberts: Okay. And why would you expect a normal seasonal decline in the fourth quarter when you seemed to be entering it with a little bit weaker trends than the normal?
Andrew N. Liveris: You mean the performance plastics or in general, the volumes?
John E. Roberts: I think it was a general comment about expecting a normal seasonal decline in the fourth quarter.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, well, Q4 for Dow has always been on our mix, the slowest of our four quarters, thats because of the December month, factory shutdown and not just in the United States but around the world. That comes to the comment on exports out of China. If the Chinese go into December running, then that comment will change, but typically what we see is a slow December, in fact the second two weeks of December almost non-existent.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Butler with Glenn Hill Investments.
Peter E. Butler: Good morning.
Andrew N. Liveris: Hi, Peter.
Peter E. Butler: Good morning, good morning.
Andrew N. Liveris: Good morning.
Peter E. Butler: Bunch of us who have been following you guys for a long time and we know where Dow is now and we think we know where its going, but it sounds like your outlook for the 2015-2016 period is a lot different than what Wall Street has incorporated in their earnings estimates and you have been talking this $10 billion EBITDA target, how much better could it be in 2015, 2016, because there got be a lot of pluses coming out of the bad period that were going through?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, so the slide that refers to your point, 2015 is literally around the corner. I think the closer 2015 gets to you the startup of Sadara and the startup of our U.S. Gulf Coast PVH unit. As well as of course the second project we have down in the U.S. Gulf Coast post St. Charles; St. Charles is up and running and doing great as Slide 20 indicates. But Louisiana Ethane Flexibility project which is the conversion down there of the naphtha cracker to crack more ethane. Those are all going to hit 2015 timeframe without much of a global economy tailwind behind it. If you say that global economy is around 3%, 3.5% number, all things being equal. There is also our polyethylene plastic cycle in front of us as well, which is one of the things on Slide 20. So we believe quite confidently in the $10 billion number 2015 and on and between now and then, it's really a bridging over by being aggressive portfolio managers on commoditized underperforming units therefore John McNultys question, taking out low ROC will improve the ROC of the company, well least value as the 2015 capital is hit. Sadara starts up, US. Gulf Coast starts up, and then ethylene cycle occurs as well as they are bad and list launch this is north of $10 billion space.
Peter E. Butler: You didn't mention Ag in this. From the outside it looks like you could have a heck of a good ramp-up in your Ag Chemical earnings over the next couple of years.
William H. Weideman: Yes. So I mentioned in the list just but I can definitely tell you that we believe Ag will double its value from EMEA in these next several years based on those launches. It's doubling value in the last 3 to 5 years. It's got the Seeds, Traits and Oils business is about to approach breakeven, we will release a lot more value once that is no longer in negative territory. Enlist itself is an accelerator, SmartStax has done really terrifically, and then all the Ag chem launches that we put out there which are being, whether thatd be herbicides or insecticides have been knocking it out of the park. The Dows earning power is greater than $1.4 billion in 2015.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David I. Begleiter: Thank you. Andrew, of that $10 billion in EBITDA, how would you breakdown between commodity sensitive earnings and more value add earnings in that number.
Andrew N. Liveris: So I was just at the Plastics Exhibition at K. every three years we have big participation that is most plastics guys do. What's very notable about our plastic mix today versus a three year ago K is the disappearance of all the commodity plastics. And our customer base there that was there in droves, when they looked at Dow they saw packaging, specialty plastics, specialty elastomers, all high-value plastics which are wireless commodity sensitive. And the way we think about plastics today is value-add and the low cost feedstock piece where lock in through U.S. Gulf Coast and Sadara has way less volatility. We are de-emphasizing the naphtha and oil molecule in the plastics mix. As a consequence of that way more reliable earnings and way less sensitivity to volatility in the $10 billion, the increment from $8 million to $10 million north of 10 has way less volatility, a way low of data than the previous Dow of three or four years, five years ago. And the way I also view that is we're riding at a very high EBITDA number right now equivalent to what we had in 2005. We have the Rohm and Haas businesses all performing well, Coatings and Infrastructure has hit it stride [ph]. We have E&FM doing great, and so the Rohm and Haas businesses have really brought down our volatility. Our Ag business has brought down our volatility and weve changed plastics so it is less volatile. And we are getting out of the volatile pieces like in Epoxy, like commodity chlorine. So that answers your question I hope.
David I. Begleiter: It does. And just lastly on Q3 and Performance Plastics, sequentially what was the delta on maintenance and turnaround costs in Q3 versus Q2 Performance Plastics?
Andrew N. Liveris: Do you have the number, Jeff?
William H. Weideman: It was down, I dont have the exact number in front of me, but the turnaround third versus second was in the update $20 million to $30 million kind of range.
Operator: Our next question comes from Duffy Fischer with Barclays Capital.
Doug May: Good morning, Duffy.
Duffy Fischer: Good morning. I wondered if you can flush out a little bit more Andrew, you talked about $5 billion in sales from the stuff that could be separated, $450 million in EBITDA and we increased the potential proceeds about $1.5 billion to $2.5 billion. On a sales multiple that looks like 0.3 times to 0.5 times which feels pretty light for those businesses. Can you just walk through whats some of those might look like if those numbers are right and if that $3 billion to $4 billion is selling everything or if there are some JVs built into that as well.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, part of that, hi, Duffy, you probably answered your own question, I mean certainly that is not, you should not equate that $5.5 billion of revenue roughly with the $3 billion to $4 billion at all. Because firstly, $3 billion to $4 billion includes $1.5 billion, we had already talked about. The increase of roughly $1.5 billion to $2 billion is probably part of the scope of that $5.5 billion and frankly includes joint ventures. And so there are structural topics in there like MLPs, there is some infrastructure, there is some energy assets. We are not done. That 3 to 4 is todays number. We dont know what to do. This is not a simple carve out, we are working hard on that, huge service to Styron. When we finally formed Styron, separated it and then have a lot to say about what we wanted to do with Styron. It obviously consists of a lot of businesses that youve already been expecting. So you should us continue to go down that path. We are working on modules, modules within that $5.5 billion and other time you will expect to get more updates from us.
Duffy Fischer: Okay, thank you. And then on DAS [ph], it seems like some more cost running through some returns. How much of the returns was actual DAS seed versus how much of that would have been may license seeds that came back and you had to eat some of that? And how healthy do you think your seed business is set up for next year, with some increased cost running through, the corn seed business in the U.S.
Andrew N. Liveris: And definitely answer that. So from the seed return standpoint that was really driven from the wet and cold weather in the northern hemisphere primarily the U.S., there wasnt any specific I mean license or anything like that. It was really best suited to return to smaller acreage in terms of plantation.
William H. Weideman: Mostly our seeds.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, exactly our seeds. So going forward we expect actually the seeds in the Ag business to bounce back in the fourth quarter and actually we believe we are going to have a strong 2014. So this is just little bit of anomaly actually this quarter to the seed returns again due to the wet weather and cold weather we had.
William H. Weideman: And I would say we see Q3 therefore as an anomaly, the bottom line and you should take nothing from what happened in that quarter vis--vis Q4 or 2014?
Operator: Our next question comes from P.J. Juvekar with Citigroup.
Doug May: Good morning, PJ.
P.J. Juvekar: Good morning. Andrew some of this chlorine derivatives are under performing and you up here divestiture target advocated and how do you think about the chlorine longer term? Do you think Dow wants to be in the chlorine business?
Andrew N. Liveris: Its a terrific question P.J. When you consider the context of your question for many people on this phone like all of us, we have 117 years of history in chlorine. This management team is very driven to put financial strategic criteria against every part of that portfolio. And the strategic criterion around chlorine has been now for the last 5 years to 7 years around value-add chlorine for our downstream businesses like for example Ag chemicals. As we did the Mitsui deal down the Mitsui Chlor-Alkali, it was indicative to us that there were a lot of people out there that really wanted to play in the vinyls chain or PVC, particularly when they saw the low cost shale gas. So we consider it a valuable asset, but no longer may be valuable to us because of the other criteria, which is to decommoditize our earnings and really invest in IP and the value add. So therefore we can move some of that capital up of our boots. And frankly, that is driving us now to actually achieve in essence the de-volatilization of our earnings, as well as taking down some capital and reallocating that capital to better market choices. Commodity chlorine, others can do that, they can play in PVC. For us we will use our chlorine and competitive cost for our value-adds, but we have market choices for example the plastics packaging business, for example the Ag business, for example the electronic materials business where we would rather put Dow's precious capital for greater shareholder return. So it's frankly withdrawing the line higher up on ROC and higher up on a lower beta in terms of volatility of earnings and then going deeper in certain markets.
P.J. Juvekar: And just quickly on these divestitures, you have several being lined up?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes.
P.J. Juvekar: Do you have the deals to handle that? And then secondly, how do you maximize value? Do you have a standardized auction process that you will run through? Thank you.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, Styron is a great indicator. We've done $8 billion of divestments in these last five years remember we did some of them in the middle of the crisis. We have an incredibly good team on the carve out side, very focused teams, for example Epoxy right now. Epoxy has a very focused group of people. We brought in one of our leaders from the Pacific, Pat Dawson, brought him back and have given him that full time job to run Epoxy, run it for cash, run it for maximized value and then over the time we will transact. And this is the sourcing we've got in place, Bill's got his M&A team, we've got our joint venture teams and we can parallel process this and execute against these divestments without interrupting our value growth activities.
William H. Weideman: Ill just add to that, PJ as Andrew mentioned, each one of these, we have a different team working on those. So we have a team completing and exceeding the $1.5 billion. We have a team specifically focused on the chlorine derivatives, specifically focused on Epoxy. So weve done very much a divide and conquer approach here.
Andrew N. Liveris: One more add, by the way sorry to beat on about this, but it's a powerful question. As you saw with plastic additives, we also are going to pull things off the market if we don't get the value that we believe theyre worth. This is not a fire sale, this is not a need for liquidity, this is not a need even for the balance sheet. This is a decision to allocate capital its highest value to our long-term profitable growth.
P.J. Juvekar: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Robert A. Koort: Hey, good morning, guys.
Andrew N. Liveris: Good morning.
Robert A. Koort: Andrew, I wanted to ask a little bit about the cost savings initiatives. It sounds like theyre really going to ramp up in the fourth quarter. I think your slides suggests going from a 320 million delivered to a 500 million achievement, which means a big chunk in the fourth quarter. So I want to make sure that math seems right here and maybe give a granularity on how it ramps that much? And when I look at the corporate expense line, in the last several quarters it's been down nicely every quarter and this quarter, it didn't move down nearly as much, that was more flattish. So was there something unique and specific to this quarter there?
William H. Weideman: Hi, Bob, this is Bill. So your math is right. So year-to-date our cost savings is $320 million and at the end of the year we spent $500 million. So you do your math there, we'd expect in $180 million kind of range. And the reason is that that continues to ramp up. As far as the people reduction, where we've eliminated about 70% of those positions and so that will  that additional reduction is coming in the fourth quarter plus the full impact of the work force reduction we've done, but your math is exactly right. So you could expect that to ramp in the order of magnitude of another $180 million in the fourth quarter. As far as the corporate segments, there is lots of different things in the corporate segment. You've got insurance and other things in there, but actually it's right within the range that we have provided there. You're right, it's about flat for the year ago, as I recall it is like $218 million this quarter, which is really inline with. And going forward you should expect that to be in that $200 million to $250 million, but more on the lower side. And as we go forward, in 2014 you will continue to see more cost reductions that will impact quarter.
Robert A. Koort: And then Andrew, I think you mentioned Epoxy was once upon a time a pretty bright star with nearly 20% EBITDA margins. To try and figure out how much you might get if you were to monetize that? Can you give us a sense where margins are today?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, so there is single-digit EBITDA percent margin and so we really have seen overcapacity. And if you look at China they have built a lot of their conversions of  settlement plants, the epichlorohydrin plants really was doubled out market dynamics which is not a typical of Chinese state-owned enterprises. So whether it's Asian producers, an Epoxy like the Taiwanese or the Chinese in epy [ph] and, they have oversupplied that, and the wind energy business disappearing because of loss of subsidies particularly in the Europe and U.S. I mean these have been big dynamics, so they come in a hurry. By the way this slide 18 on the second quarter deck has the specific EBITDA number, that is high single-digits. So the consequence of all this, Bob, is really you really don't want to put a lot of R&D against the commoditizing business. Dow has really good assets in epichlorohydrin, the two low cost assets in the world, one in Germany, one in Texas. Those assets can be run for cash as long as you don't burden them with extra cost structures downstream. There are other producers out there or way more downstream than us that choose to do the value-add downstream. I believe those businesses will commoditize with time. So in terms of getting valued, I think there is also an equal chance that this will be a combination with someone else because of these  these industries hurting as much as a pure sale. Having said that, our focus is to run it for cash, improve the value and then take it from there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Frank Mitsch with Wells Fargo Securities.
Frank J. Mitsch: Well. Good morning, gentlemen just talking about cost savings, I really like the ad that Accenture took out on your behalf in terms of using the chemical symbols and so forth, so very eye catching. On the Epoxy side, Andrew you are saying that it could very well be a JV as well, but that would still leave you vulnerable to the volatility of that business. Would you be thinking that if you were to do a JV that the amount of synergies that could be taken out would be such that the overall negative part that Epoxy is playing in the Dow portfolio would be mitigated somewhat?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, I mean, I think the way you should think about JV, Frank is not unlike the Dow-Mitsui Chlor-Alkali JV. That was a pure 50/50, but that was a big synergy play based on Brownfield investments we had that we could incrementalize the new bill. In this case, the synergy is we have two very low cost upstream assets. So somebody else has a lot of downstream assets. So that could be restructuring. So I don't want to foreshadow the actual deal off course, but in the essence there would be synergies available and then over time we don't have to be even a 50% owner. We could even start out on a low ownership. This thing could be a beautiful part of somebodys private equity portfolio. This could be even a spin out as a standalone Epoxy business. These niche specialty chemical companies that run with a very low cost base and with some value add, but very focused, I mean this could be very attractive to some small portfolio somewhere. So, long story short. As I said, it was a great business. It can be a good business, but for us its way too volatile and given where we are in terms of our portfolio allocation process its a good time to look at better owners.
Frank J. Mitsch: All right, terrific. Thats helpful. And I guess I wanted to ask the question obviously with the balance sheet getting healthier and healthier and getting even more healthy with these asset disposals and so forth. So what are your thoughts about possibly going on the other side of the isle and doing some acquisitions in more specialty types businesses and bolstering strategic parts of Dow?
Andrew N. Liveris: So, Ill let Bill maybe chime in, but I think Im probably going to make it redundant by saying, look, Frank were going to focus all of this balance sheet work on our shareholder. We have built a portfolio that has been tremendously hard to build on these last five to seven years. Our shareholders have been extremely patient. Were going to release value and Bill is going to take down interest cost for releasing earnings. So thats decent value. And were going to give this to our shareholder. Its very important that we keep getting better not bigger and I think this is the march on ROC. Do you want to add anything?
William H. Weideman: Yes, Andrew. We didnt feel there is need to go out and do any M&A. We need to have clear balance, reinforced doing more tax. We have a net growth thing that weve laid out U.S. Gulf Coast et cetera that will fund, that we think will do much better returns than we could ever get in a M&A deal.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Rob Walker: Good morning. This is actually Rob Walker on for Laurence.
Andrew N. Liveris: Hi.
Rob Walker: Hi, guys. I guess what was your global operating rate in the quarter? And I guess post your divestment target, what would that rate increase to?
William H. Weideman: Yes, the operating rate in the quarter was 82%. And Im not sure I understood the second question.
Rob Walker: Looking a few years out, how much could that operating rate be higher say you...
William H. Weideman: I dont know, Rob. Obviously up from where it is today. Its always been on the scope and obviously the economy itself, but I would say definitely higher than it was today and then third quarter was 82%.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, and notably by the way the plastics chain is running in the early 90s and the crackers are all running in the low 90s. So, different parts of the outfield [ph] are running below obviously 80%. So where were taking our capacity and where were divesting is in the parts that are running below 80%. So therefore Bills mathematical answer is correct. It should go higher than 82%. ah and notably by the way, the plastics chain is running in the early 90s, so the crackers are all running in the low 90s, so different path of the ops that are running below obviously 80. So here we are taking our capacity and while our divesting is in the cost of better running below 80%, so therefore Bills mathematical answer is correct. It should go on higher than 82%
Doug May: We have time for one or two more questions, Lauren?
Rob Walker: Yes. I guess just excluding the businesses that youre targeting for divestiture, any sense how the remainder of the business performed in the quarter and what would be the return on capital of that business roughly versus your current level say it, by year-end 2015?
William H. Weideman: Just real quick at, I mean, as far as how the business is operating at quarter, I mean, we made a comment, but I think that Electronic and Functional Materials had a good quarter up year-over-year, very solid EBITDA returns, Coatings and Infrastructure as Andrew mentioned. Were starting to see that business improve and so year-over-year improvement and we believe that trend will continue. We believe well here start to see now an year-over-year improvements there. Ag was a little bit of an anomaly this quarter, we expect this is going to bounce back forward. Performance Materials delivered very strong earnings, and we expect that will continue and Performance Materials as we have highlighted that ones where were really focused on improving returns there. And then Feedstock and Energy was down a little bit, but that was all really related to the feedstocks slate in Europe. So most all of our businesses with exception of Performance Materials did actually quite well in year-over-year comparison.
Andrew N. Liveris: Lauren, sorry maybe one or two more questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Andrew N. Liveris: Good morning, Mark.
William H. Weideman: Good morning, Mark.
Mark W. Connelly: Just a clarification and a real quick question. Is this less value in this derivative businesses, I am trying to get a sense of how that impacts all the work youve been doing on this integrated strategy. I mean, I am thinking of this as sort of a natural evolution of the existing integrated strategy, first is that right. And second does pulling out these pieces sort of set you back in getting to where you wanted to go operationally in that process.
William H. Weideman: Thats a great question. So Mark, if you go back to Dows integration strategy over the decades, chlorine, ethylene, propylene and then benzyne and aromatics all formed the foundation molecules. We took a big decision five, seven years ago around the aromatics part, right. So you can see that were Styron and that was not an easy carve out, but one that we could pull off without stranding at the negative cost and hurting our strategy going forward on value-add. So now youre correctly addressing the chlorine piece, because weve got ethylene, weve got propylene and we believe those are essential molecules for our value-add. That integration will never change based on the current portfolio, but certainly on this portfolio piece without looking at, which our chlorine derivatives that are commoditizing, remember this is not our evolution, we are basically seeing over booming going on. If there was a medium term structural fix, we probably would have recommended it by now. But in essence the chlorine violence [ph] piece of this has not been our strategy for some years ever since we basically have the ShipTek, SynTec contract goes away a bit. Why? Because we wanted PVC, they were, so other companies are in PVC. So that always made sense. We could pull that off without really hurting our chlorine integration strategy. So now we are doing the next layer on it which is there Epoxy Resin and Chlorinated Organics, these are commoditizing. We believe we can pull it off without changing the integration strategy.
Mark W. Connelly: Perfect and then, just one last one thing, are we still using the 10% seed market strategy for corn target?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes.
Operator: And our final question comes from Kevin Mckarty with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin Mckarty: Yes, good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in.
Andrew N. Liveris: Good morning.
Kevin Mckarty: Andrew it looks like exports are starting to exhort a bit more pressure on propane, can you speak to that market and how it's influenced your feed mix, propylene derivatives and whether or not its had any impact on your Performance Plastics profitability?
Andrew N. Liveris: Certainly in the quarter and in this next quarter the propane run up is a mismatch between fractionation capacity coming on and export capacity being built. So the exports may try to factor into the rising propane. But at the end of the day it doesnt change the direction arrow [ph] Kevin, in terms of the market being long globally for as far as I can see. So if you export it globally along market it will kick the domestic number down. We believe the long-term process will trend higher well with WTI, but at a lower ratio, probably around 50% to 55% than in the past because these new supplies out of fractionations will come and over a meaningful timeframe will outpace the exports and other demand.
Kevin Mckarty: And a quick follow-up, if I may, for Bill. How much might your pension expense decline in 2014?
William H. Weideman: Yes, so every 100 basis point increase in interest rate, which is about where we are today is relevant, reduces our interest expense about $250 million. I think it was based on the discount. If interest rates stay about where they are today you could expect our interest expense to be down roughly $250 million next year and could be up and could be a little bit more. It also has a significant impact on our funding ratio. Every 100 basis point changes our funding balance about $2 billion. So its another data point.
Kevin Mckarty: Great, thank you.
Doug May: Andrew, maybe before we close do you have any final comments?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, I mean I would also like to highlight some of the questions were being asked. Our commitment to get to north of $10 billion is absolutely resolute. We have a medium-term catalyst for 2015. 2015 is not a far timeframe. In this short timeframe the cost and cash interventions that were asked about appearing in Q4, I mean against some of the volatility thats out there we believe the market is getting better. So 2014 should be better than 2013 and we believe that by making the decisions we have on the bottom part of the portfolio in terms of ROC will liberate value and liberate value to earnings off the balance sheet and then keep raising if you like our shareholder remuneration. So thats the storyline. We had September volatility on hydrocarbons. So didnt get the price increases, but frankly we believe that the year-on-year was very strong and well continue to execute against the same.
Doug May: Thank you, Andrew. Thank you everyone for your questions and for joining us this morning. We appreciate your interest in The Dow Chemical Company. For your reference, a copy of our prepared comments will be posted on Dows website later today. This concludes our call for today and we look forward to speaking with you soon. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company's second quarter 2013 earnings results conference call. [Operator instructions.] Id now like to turn the call over to Doug May, vice president of investor relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Doug May: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, we are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company and any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's express written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's chairman and chief executive officer, Bill Weideman; executive vice president and chief financial officer; and Dale Winger, associate director of investor relations. Around 7 a.m. this morning, July 25, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and was posted on the internet on dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are posted on our website and through the link to our webcast. Now, some of our comments today include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimates and we dont plan to update on forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and on our website. Unless otherwise specified, all comparisons presented today will be on a year-over-year basis. EBITDA, EBITDA margins, and earnings comparisons exclude certain items. The agenda for today's call is on slide three. And now Ill hand the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Doug, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us. If you turn to slide four, this was a strong quarter for Dow, and our results reflect the deliberate actions weve taken and continue to take across our portfolio. We are pleased with our performance, despite ongoing macroeconomic headwinds in most parts of the world. Notwithstanding this strong performance, we will continue to stay focused and keep taking proactive measures to maintain this strong trajectory and deliver earnings growth. Our action plans are working, and we are squarely aligned behind what we need to do in the next 12 to 24 months to maintain this earnings momentum. So here are some highlights from the quarter: adjusted earnings per share of $0.64, representing a 16% increase year over year. The receipt of the K-Dow award cash payment was a critical accomplishment this quarter. In line with our stated cash priorities, we immediately applied these funds to pay down debt. Our cash flow from operations saw significant improvement, up $2.8 billion year over year, driving our net debt to total capital ratio down to 36.4%, achieving levels not seen since 2008. These actions are immediately accretive in value and go right to our bottom line. In total, we expect to deliver interest expense reductions of approximately $150 million year over year in 2013. And, as you think about our strong balance sheet, we now have the flexibility to move forward and evaluate additional opportunities to remunerate our shareholders. On the top line, our company delivered 7% growth in emerging geographies, which represented 34% of total company revenue in the quarter, and in the agricultural sciences segment, we achieved record second quarter sales with double-digit growth. And of course, there is our performance plastics segment, which delivered $1 billion of EBITDA and expanded margins by 700 basis points, driven by our tremendous low-cost feedstock advantage on the United States Gulf Coast and our focus on higher-value markets. Here, as you know, we have significant investments in place in this region that will drive further EBITDA growth and margin expansion as we grow our packaging franchise and build on our competitive advantage. All of this enabled us to deliver EBITDA growth and margin expansion at an enterprise level: strong results delivered by a very focused team. All of these accomplishments during the quarter, the strong operating discipline; the focus on cash, cost and capital; plus the K-Dow award cash payment, had delivered a balance sheet that is back to strength. This fact, plus our ongoing $1.5 billion stock repurchase plan, have us poised to deliver increased shareholder remuneration in the next 12 to 24 months. Ill have more to say on this later in the call, and in subsequent shareholder communications. But now, let me turn it over to Bill for more detail on our financial and operating results in the quarter.
Bill Weideman: Thank you, Andrew. Let me begin by providing a financial overview on slide six. Dow reported earnings of $1.87 per share, or $0.64 per share excluding certain items. Certain items in the quarter included a charge for the early extinguishment of debt as well as a gain from the K-Dow arbitration award. Adjusted EBITDA rose nearly 9% in the quarter, reflecting savings from our 2012 restructuring programs, and these savings will continue to ramp as we move forward. Our advantaged market and feedstock position continues to drive strong margin expansion in performance plastics, particularly in North America, and we saw improved performance in our joint ventures. Now turning to price and volume trends on slide seven, volume gains were reported in most regions and most operating segments. Our agricultural sciences segment, once again, reported double digit sales growth this quarter, achieving a first half sales record of nearly $4 billion, reflecting the strong pipeline of new products that we have in place. Emerging markets demonstrated ongoing strength this quarter, achieving a 9% increase in volume, led by strong performance in Latin America and Asia-Pacific. North America also saw increased volume. However, conditions in Europe continued to be weak, demonstrated by nearly 3% declines. However, excluding the impact of our asset rationalizations, volumes in Europe were actually flat. Price declined 2%, driven by a declining raw material environment, primarily in feedstock and energy, and ongoing currency headwinds, which represented nearly one-third of the decline in price. Moving to slide eight, overall we grew earnings and expanded margins due in large part to our ongoing strength in performance plastics. The companys cash and cost improvement actions also continued to deliver benefits. Ill speak more to this in a moment. Another positive driver of results this quarter was equity earnings, which were up year over year due to improved performance at our MEGlobal joint venture, as well as improvements in [NAFTA based] margins in Asia Now turning to our operating segments, starting with electronic and function materials on slide nine. Sales of electronic and function materials were flat as volume increases were offset by price declines. Electronic materials strong growth films and OLED contributed to sales increases in display technologies. However, this growth was offset by the sales declines of semiconductor technologies, which experienced softer demand. In function materials, Dow microbial controls grew sales in all regions, achieving a new quarterly sales record. Coating infrastructure solutions sales were flat for the quarter. Dow coating materials sales increased as construction conditions in North America continued to strengthen. This was offset by lower sales in building construction due to ongoing weakness in the construction market in Europe. Now turning to Dow Corning, we believe that market conditions in polysilicon have stabilized. We also expect the impact of the July 18 preliminary [unintelligible] ruling will have minimal impact on operating equity earnings going forward. We will continue to carefully monitor these dynamics in this value chain and if conditions worsen, Dow Corning will take further actions as appropriate. Now turning to agricultural sciences, which reported a 10% year over year increase in sales. In crop protection, sales of new products grew 14% in the quarter. In seeds, traits, and oils, sales were up 4% versus the same period last year and year to date sales are up 23%, driven primarily by strong farmer demand for smart [stack] corn hybrids. EBITDA for ag sciences was down slightly from last years record second quarter EBITDA due to a shift of seasonal buying patterns, increased growth investments, and unseasonably cool and wet weather across the northern hemisphere. Yet despite this, the segment still achieved a first half EBITDA record of $774 million. In performance materials, volume increased, driven by gains in our polyurethanes chain. Prices declined 3% due to lower propylene costs and EBITDA was impacted by industry challenges in epoxy, chlorinated organics, propylene oxide, and propylene glycol. Sales in performance plastics were $3.7 billion. Dow Packaging, especially plastics, demonstrated a strong performance during the quarter with improved sales in North America, Latin America, and Asia-Pacific, which more than offset lower sales in Europe, which reflect the previously announced shutdown of our high-density polyethylene plant in Tessenderlo, Belgium. Performance plastics delivered $1 billion of EBITDA in the quarter, which is up 33% versus the same quarter last year and expanded EBITDA margins by 700 basis points. In feedstock and energy, [unintelligible] [monomer] costs let to price declines, while volumes remained flat. Volume gains in EOEG were offset by decreases in hydrocarbons, which were driven by a lighter feed slate in Europe. Equity earnings increased due to improving NAFTA margins in Asia as well as improved performance by MEGlobal, reflecting lower turnaround costs year over year. Moving to slide 12, we continue to drive targeted ROC improvement actions by tightly managing pricing and prioritizing R&D investments. Our cost and cash actions are on track, with the target we laid out at the end of 2012. To date, we have shut down 18 of our committed 29 assets, and this quarter we idled another Dow-formulated systems asset in Europe. Our workforce reduction targets also remain ahead of schedule. These actions have already delivered $170 million year over year EBITDA improvements and will continue to ramp in the second half of the year, placing us firmly on track to deliver a $500 million EBITDA improvement this year. We also remain committed to our divestiture targets. In March, we increased our divestiture target to $1.5 billion over the next 18 months. Were currently in the process of selling three businesses as we previously announced: Dow Plastic Additives, Dow Polypropylene Licensing Catalyst, and a small fumigants business in our agricultural sciences business. Were making excellent progress, and we expect to close all three transactions by the end of the year. Just as we remain on a solid path to deliver on our portfolio commitments, we have also remained focused on reducing our debt, and the second quarter represented a series of milestones in this regard. As you know, in May we reached a final resolution of our K-Dow arbitration award. This resulted in Dow receiving a direct payment of approximately $2.2 billion from PIC. In the second quarter, we applied this award to debt reduction, which drove our net debt to total capitalization down to 36.4%. This action significantly enhanced our balance sheet. As our cash flow and earnings continue to ramp, we remain committed to rewarding our shareholders as we move forward. Now looking forward to the second half of the year, we have a number of actions currently in motion that will further boost Dows 2013 performance. We expect healthy margins will continue in performance plastics. Here we expect to see the year over year improvement throughout the rest of 2013. We expect to see ongoing growth in agricultural sciences, as this segment remains on track to achieve its sales and EBITDA objectives for the year. And our restructuring actions will continue to ramp in the back half of the year. From an operations perspective, the majority of our large planned maintenance activities have been completed in the first half, which means turnaround spending will continue to trend downward in the remainder of the year. And the contributions from the restart of our St. Charles operations cracker will increase in the second half of 2013. And finally, as interest rates increase, we would expect to see a pension tailwind in 2014. For modeling purposes, the 100-basis point upward trend in interest rates is equal to approximately a $250 million decrease in pension expense. And now Id like to turn it back over to Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Bill. If you go to slide 16, as you can see, we delivered a strong second quarter and continue to make notable progress against the objectives we laid out for you last call, executing on targeted portfolio actions, growing our high return businesses, and focusing on improving our lower return businesses. Now, we unveiled this concept last investor day in late 2012, so let me update you on where we are in upgrading our portfolio and indeed improving our returns. Slide 17, first our higher performers. Recent business reviews have shown us that these are clearly all located in high growth value pools, as you can see in the slide, where our share of profit can indeed grow because the market is growing. These included the agricultural and food sectors. These include packaging, as well as electronic and personal care markets, and they represent more than $25 billion of high-margin revenues with strong IP technology fundamentals. We will continue to invest in and grow these businesses. On slide 18, in the performance materials and coatings and infrastructure solutions segments, we have been analyzing vigorously on how to improve returns. The good news is that we have businesses such as Dow Water and Specialty Chemicals within these segments that are already high return and growing. We also have businesses that are performing below our expectations, where we expect meaningful signs of improvement from our direct interventions and actions. Notably, our acrylics Dow [unintelligible] business, and our polyurethanes franchise, which will benefit from our Sadara and PDH investments, as well as improving global construction and coatings markets. We also have areas in our portfolio where we see results below our expectations. For example, in our epoxy business, and in our European building and construction business, as well as our commodity chlorine derivatives. Here we see the need for more dramatic interventions. Therefore, these businesses are in the fix-take action mode, which includes exploring all possibilities, including joint venturing or divesting them. These last two slides are illustrative of the six months of portfolio work that has resulted in clear outcomes and destinations for underperforming businesses. We have more specifics on these actions, and we will have more to say on these in the next several months. Equally important to keep in mind in these portfolio management actions is ensuring we do not lose our previously discussed integration benefits. Dow is a fully integrated chemical, biological, and materials science company, with both physical and capability integration. Carve-outs, therefore are not easy. Having said that, we have done them before, most recently with our Styron divestment. This was a highly complex carve-out on 20 Dow sites, with hundreds of residual service agreements to ensure that there were no stranded costs. Dow has the expertise and demonstrated track record to execute a highly complex, integrated carve-out successfully, with Styron as a recent, strong example. The bottom line is this. We have divested over $8 billion of revenue of low-margin businesses over the last several years, and our analysis suggests that we will move formally on the path of doing more so as to release even more value for our shareholders. So turning to slide 19, and turning to our balance sheet, which Bill has talked about, where we are clearly and aggressively delivering against the commitments weve made. First and foremost, our balance sheet is strong, and we are delivering solid cash flow gains. Between 2012 and 2013 year to date, weve generated more than $8 billion in cash flow from operations. With the application of the K-Dow award, weve made substantial progress in further strengthening our balance sheet due to our aggressive debt reduction actions during the quarter. Year to date, weve reduced net debt by more than $2.5 billion, and weve reduced net debt by nearly $6 billion since 2009. As a result of these actions, our net debt to total capital ratio is below 2008/2009 levels, and our annual interest expense has declined by nearly $350 million since that time period, with more than $60 million through the second quarter alone. Let me summarize our balance sheet view and priorities. We have allocated funds for the growth we need for the next decade. We have paid down debt to pre-08 levels. We have identified new ways to release more cash and value from the balance sheet and portfolio. We are generating strong cash flows and have a strong balance sheet that will get stronger. And, we do not need any M&A. Said another way, we have not, and will not, waver from our relentless execution against our priorities for cash. We have reduced a significant amount of debt and still have plans to reduce more. And as we create and liberate additional cash, we will deploy the surplus cash to you, our shareholders, generating strong returns for, and rewarding, our shareholders remains our singular focus going forward. Let me turn to the outlook on slide 21. As you know, heading into 2013 we held the view that, from a macroeconomic perspective, this year would largely be a replay of 2012, and calibrated our business plans accordingly. Looking at global market dynamics again this quarter, this continues to be the right view. Having said that, there are promising signs out there. For one, the U.S. continues to be a bright spot, with the housing market recovering and signs of life with the consumer. Secondly, emerging markets are a surprising pillar of strength, and we expect there will be growth in the second half that was not seen in the first half, especially in Asia with China appearing to be stabilizing. The leadership there is in place and very focused, and we are confident they will course correct, with positive signs beginning even in this recent quarter. However, we maintain the view that while growth continues in China, we all have to reset expectations below historical rates. And the downside continues to be in Europe, where our view remains unchanged, as the weakness continues with no material signs of improvement on the near term horizon. Let me close on slide 22, with our priorities for the second half of the year, where we have singularly focused on the following: strongly managing our portfolio to drive further margin expansion and earnings growth, maintaining a laser-like focus on generating ongoing positive and strong cash flow and directing the significant portion of this cash toward increasing rewarding shareholders, and third, aggressively managing and continuing to evaluate every aspect of our enterprise to release and deliver even further value for our shareholders. You saw additional granularity on the way we are releasing new value from our portfolio earlier in this call, and you can expect to hear more in the coming months. Taken on the whole, we continue to deliver against the commitments we have made, making calculated decisions and delivering strong results in the face of what remain uncertain market conditions. We will be focused on delivering strong earnings and cash flow and remunerating our shareholders. Nothing more, and nothing less. And with that, I will turn things back over to Doug for Q&A.
Doug May: Thank you, Andrew. Now well move to your questions. First, however, Id like to remind you that my comments regarding forward looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, would you please explain the Q&A process?
Operator: [Operator instructions.] And well take our first question from John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: Andrew, your comments on Styron as an example would appear to be directed towards the chlorine derivatives. I mean, looking at the chart, its the most complicated, integrated business that would be similar to the Styron situation you addressed. Am I reading that right?
Andrew Liveris: Firstly, as you can all tell from the chart that youre referring to, slide 18, the six months of work I referred to is producing outcomes and we, as your observation has suggested, we provided this fresh granularity so you can see where we are heading from the point of view of improved and fixed. And when you marry that with the point youre making in integration, these arent simple things to go get. The red bubble businesses, especially chlorine, are very integrated. But we have done it before, and the red bubbles are indicative of where were prepared to do it again. This is not an announcement. We are in the business of moving those businesses to higher ROC territory, whatever it takes, and Im just giving you the heads up that we have the expertise to do it, and I think thats a good reason.
Operator: [Operator instructions.] We will go next to Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Koort: Andrew, you mentioned that plastics might have even done better except you had a facility down as Lake Charles was ramping. How big a delta in a static world relative to other factors would that be in the second half?
Andrew Liveris: Well, that particular unit, the [Texas Seven], was a $30-40 million type hit, if you like, and its one-time. So yeah, to the extent that it could have even been a bigger result than the one you saw, as you well know, Bob, the balances going forward into 2014 all go very, very well for everyone exposed to the positive dynamics around ethylene, polyethylene, and the downstream value adds like we are. So we believe this unit, this number that its achieved, we havent seen since 05. 2005 was a commodity peak. We have changed the portfolio substantially since then to high value-add applications like packaging. If you take the high value applications like packaging, hygiene, and medical, and the feedstock dynamic, and a cyclical peak coming forward, this unit, to achieve this result during this period of time, not only was indicative of how strong it is, but how much more it can do as we enter 2014/2015.
Bill Weideman: And to that point, the other thing in my prepared comments, Id highlighted St. Charles operations, as previously announced, would add $150 million of additional EBIT this year. And a significant portion of that will occur in the second half of the year. So that might help you also.
Robert Koort: And Andrew, I think you were proud of the cost-cutting traction you gained and talked about it being evident, and I guess when I look outside of plastics, it looks like there was quite a bit of margin weakness across the portfolio. So should we be seeing that evidence at the corporate line? Or could some of those subsegments have been even worse without the cost cutting? How do we, from the outside, measure that success when it appears the margins across the performance businesses remain really impaired?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, the performance materials and [unintelligible] infrastructure, thats why we gave you the graded granularity on slide 18, that was asked about in the first question. Not everythings equal in there, and so the cost reduction programs are across the entire enterprise, not just in the corporate bucket you just referred to. What you are seeing, though, is the epoxy business is getting tough competition out of China and Asia that is destroying margins, and going down below cash cost margins. Were not the first to tell you that. Others in the game are telling you that. So thats why that business in particular is fairly troubled. The chlorine derivatives point that was made, the way we do chlorine, you know, frankly, were not in the PVC business, so as a consequence of that, lots of margin compression based on their commoditization. And then last but not least, propylene and its volatility is hurting, for now, the acrylics envelope as well as the PO envelope. Those have got fixes in front of them, which is the 450 basis points coming from Sadara and PDH and all the things were doing. From here to there, were going to bridge over. So the margin deterioration, weve taken out assets, weve got more assets. The run rate for those take outs will start to hit the second half. You can start to see improvement therefore in performance materials as a whole as that happens to take hold specifically inside of their reporting segment. The corporate stuff will appear across the entire enterprise, and youll start to see that as well. We make no bones about it. There is work we need to do in parts of those two units, and thats what you just heard us on the call. We will get it done, so we get that $500 million EBITDA saving to the bottom line this year as promised.
Operator: Well go next to Hassan Ahmed with Alembic Capital.
Hassan Ahmed: Good numbers on the performance plastics side of things. And obviously in line with some of the commentary you provided in your Q1 call about a relatively near term peak in the cycle. Now, since that period, a bunch of consultants and industry folks have come out and have been talking down the utilization rate side of things. And some have even come out and said, on the back of a slowdown in China, utilization rates may not even get to 90% if the next level of capacity comes online in 2017. So wed love to hear your views about that.
Andrew Liveris: There are three ways we make money in performance plastics, and we believe two of the three youve seen the results and youll see more of. One is the value add. We have a unique plastics unit that is value add in the packaging, hygiene, and medical space that is different to 90% of the competitors you see out there, especially the guys who are very reliant on just the commodity cycle. So we are not reliant on the commodity cycle is number one. Number two, our unique ethylene footprint being in low-cost jurisdictions. You know, the 70% post the expansion to low-cost jurisdictions which were investing against. And number three is the question youve asked. Look, GDP forecasts, as you know, are all over the map. We have factored into our views a lower GDP scenario operating rate. And so thats why were into the 2014 discussion in terms of the cycle coming into play. And you know, frankly, if you look at the run rates and the oil and gas arbitrage, if that indeed puts pressure on the guys who are in NAFTA, there will be capacity rationalization during this period of time, so thats the one scenario. Frankly, theres about 9 million metric tons in Europe and Asia thats under that type of pressure. So that will be capacity take out that will fulfill the operating rate number being in the 90, 91, 92 frame that will give us the evidence of a cycle. Of course, the other scenario is the one where GDP is even better and then of course the discussion is over. The operating rate will lift. So under either scenario, firstly we have three ways to make money in this business, and the third way, when that operating rate hits, we believe the low GDP scenario is a 2014 event.
Hassan Ahmed: You talked about, in the press release, market share gains within polyurethane. Now, obviously on the Sadara side of things, you will be bringing online some NDI capacity, and there are others who are bringing on NDI as well. So do you see, even on the back of these capacity additions, the market relatively tight in the near to medium term?
Andrew Liveris: Yeah, the Sadara capacity 2015 and beyond, the balance would suggest that NDI should be fine under the weak GDP scenario. The market share gains youre referring to for us for polyurethanes are particularly out of our Thai assets, which were the [unintelligible] and propylene glycol side of the conversation. But look, NDI and our forecast suggest it will be fine in the weak GDP scenario. Remember one thing thats going on, which is the consumer matters in polyurethanes. So furniture, bedding, construction, these are all very good things that are associated with [unintelligible] and as the U.S. is showing strong demand in the consumer side on housing and the renovations of all that, and China becomes more of a consumer society. Very instructive in China for us this quarter was how much demand was coming out of west China. This is all new consumer demand. So look, again, were not declaring victory on China yet. Chinas got a long way to go to recalibrate its economy. [unintelligible] recalibrate it around consumption, thats more domestic consumption, consumer-driven, which will help polyurethanes and therefore help NDI.
Operator: Well go next to Frank Mitsch with Wells Fargo Securities.
Frank Mitsch: How should we think about the pace of share buyback? And is there anything that could be done, you believe, in the near term, on the convertible preferred?
Bill Weideman: A couple of things. The K-Dow award winding up on the balance sheet, it gives us a lot more flexibility going forward. Specifically to the preferreds, that remains a high priority, and a top priority for us. And as you can imagine, as weve said all along, timing is important on this. And clearly as interest rates tend to go upward, the potential premium that we would need to pay to retire those decreases. So things are moving in the right direction from that standpoint. So you can rest assured that well be looking at different opportunities there. From a share repurchase standpoint, weve gone out at this point and said going forward that our plan is to cover dilution. Actually, this quarter we actually purchased $80 million of shares back second quarter, and well continue to go forward. But clearly I dont want to put a new target out there, but clearly with additional financial flexibility we have the ability to do more going forward.
Andrew Liveris: Frank, I want you to note, not that I speak to graphics often, but the graphic that we provided you in the deck, on slide 19, has an arrow within an arrow, which is, if you look at the debt reduction arrow, thats pointed to shareholder remuneration. Bills good work on the balance sheet plus the preferreds as we address those releases value, releases cash, and as I said in my prepared remarks, totally oriented to shareholder. And thats our mindset. So whatever lens you put on it, the debt paydown lens, the preferred lens, the actual direct cash is geared to the shareholder. I said that in the remarks, and just reinforcing it with the graphic on slide 19, supporting Bills comments.
Frank Mitsch: Congrats to your graphics department on that arrow within an arrow. On the ag side of things, you talk about a shift in buying patterns, but yet sales were a record in ag, and obviously earnings were off. So how should we think about growth spending? Can you kind of give us an order of magnitude of growth spending? Because obviously that impacted the results there and when do we think we start to see the benefits?
Bill Weideman: We are continuing very much in an invest mode in Dow Ag, and thats paying huge benefits youve seen on the top line and will continue as weve got a lot of new product introductions coming forward, and Enlist is a large one coming forward. And actually, as you analyze the results this quarter, you will see that R&D and SG&A are down versus prior quarter, and you should expect that trend to continue going forward. This is a company comparison. But up over a year ago, and most all of that increase is due to the investments were making in ag. So well continue to invest in ag, but what youre seeing with our strong 23% increase in sales year to date on seeds, traits, and oil, youll see the sales and actually the EBIT there reflected going forward. But we are still in invest mode in ag.
Andrew Liveris: And not to forget Enlist. So this is the biggest launch that weve ever had. So, look, that [unintelligible] that youre asking about, as Bill said that will improve with the quarters, but give yourself a 2014/2015 kind of anchor to see the target EBITDA margins will start to inflect the other way.
Operator: Well go next to Duffy Fischer with Barclays.
Duffy Fischer: The equity affiliates seem to be doing better. You referenced MEGlobal, some of the NAFTA consumption in Asia. Can you talk about the next half year, and maybe into 14, how you see the equity affiliates playing out, and what we can expect from them?
Bill Weideman: To your point, you saw a nice increase in our equity earnings this quarter. We would expect that trend to continue. A couple of drivers this quarter, as I highlighted in my prepared comments, MEGlobal was up quite a bit, but in comparison to the period a year ago, they had apparently sizable turnaround. But we expect to see continued improvement in our joint ventures as they go forward. And Dow Corning has stabilized, and so Dow Corning is down over a year ago, but its up versus prior quarter. So we expect that trend to also continue. So going forward, we expect an upward trend in joint venture income.
Duffy Fischer: And then looking at coatings and performance materials, if you did a similar exercise with electronics and functional materials, what would that look like? How much stuff might be in that bottom third, the middle third, and the upper third?
Andrew Liveris: Youre asking for information that were not ready to release. Look, we are going to talk much, much more about this granularity going forward. Thats what we promised last year, and the slide is an indicator of our willingness to do it. But I would tell you that electronic materials is all green. So we are in good shape. And functional materials as a portfolio, lots of high tech, high margin businesses. Just roughly two-thirds good, and the rest kind of less than good, but no reds.
Operator: Well go next to Peter Butler with Glenn Hill Investments.
Peter Butler: Dows new cash flow story, including this moratorium on acquisitions, has really been a nice plus for shareholders, but do we have to worry that your M&A folks may be getting a bit bored with divestments and they may want to have more fun with a big acquisition?
Andrew Liveris: No, Im not worried about that at all. If they feel that way, Im sure Bill could have a lot to say to them about it. But look, as you said, were reinventing some very key things, and very focused on the shareholder you led in with. There are going to be small bolt ons in ag and in water and electronics, but they arent worth the conversation. Theyre very accretive and we explore them globally when we do them. So the key mode of action is that slide 18, which is were going to be in the business of improving ROC by culling from the bottom. And were going to grow the growers, and were going to fix or eject the ones that arent growing, all with the single focus of cash. If I get a bored M&A department out of that, then so be it. Thats the least of my concerns.
Peter Butler: One of the chemical stocks in history was the old Celanese story, where the management just threw in the towel on trying to grow their commodity business. You talked on CNBC this morning about youre down to about a third of your sales are in the portion affected by country competition, etc. Why not split it off and run it? I know its a lot of work, but it could be hugely successful for shareholders.
Andrew Liveris: Look, the comments on CNBC are not new in the sense that I have been very clear that competing against countries that subsidize through their financial weapons, these competitions that we get from the commodity side, is a trend that wont go away. It really started in the Middle East in the 80s as you well know, and has now gone around the world. And were seeing it from every country. So theres no question. Epoxy resins a good case in point right now. Were getting competition out of China, you know, and its been commoditized. So look, I think all options are on the table. We will continue to move away from competing against people that really dont have the same financial metrics as our shareholders demand. And so I agree with you. This is the way you should think about our company going forward. And frankly, all options are on the table. The difficulty of disintegration has to be taken into account, but as I said in my prepared remarks, we are willing to attack that, as witnessed by our Styron divestment. So I think youre spot on, Peter.
Operator: Well go next to Chris Nocella with RBC Capital Markets.
Chris Nocella: Andrew, you had price declines across most of the segments this quarter, and thats been the case for the past few quarters now. My question is particularly for the specialty chemical businesses, can you still price there for value versus strategy now and use price to grow volumes and [unintelligible] share?
Andrew Liveris: The effective price was the 2%, one half of that was currency, of course, so it is different around the world. Theres no question was the deflationary actions out of China in the last year, where theyve stopped spending, theyre a big buyer. And once you get a big buyer out of the market, no matter how specialty you are, youre going to see some volatility on the price equation if theyre not buying anything. So as a consequence of that, weve had mixed price performance across the segments. I will tell you that right now the pricing environment is on the cusp of changing momentum-wise. You know, we have charts we run here, green, yellow, red. Theres enough green on these charts where were value sellers not volume sellers, based on improving margins through lower cost but also higher prices, based on the functionality of our product. Two-thirds of the mix is now much more technology driven. Were just redirecting ourselves to more and more of that value sell, knowing that some of its going to be subject to deflationary issues such as hydrocarbons. But going forward, I think were not counting on market share gains as a way to run this enterprise. Were basically counting on value share gains. And then those businesses that cant do it, like the ones with the red dots on slide 18, frankly were going to run them with very, very low cost models and eventually eject.
Chris Nocella: And then just as a follow up on performance plastics, if we were to assume todays margins, where they stand, plus the absence of any shutdowns you had in the second quarter, do you expect that business to be up sequentially in the third quarter?
Andrew Liveris: Thats a good assumption.
Bill Weideman: Yeah, thats a good assumption.
Operator: Well go next to David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Andrew, on your slide 18, the polyurethanes, thats now yellow, what gives you the confidence it will migrate towards green as opposed to migrate towards red?
Andrew Liveris: Theres a few polyurethanes, and the way its written, polyurethane systems, that theres quite an envelope in there. So I think it was Hassan who asked about the NDI piece. Theres no one answer to your question. On the downstream side, the systems side, Ive already made comments on U.S. construction and China consumer and all the things that are going on. Were quite confident we can still be strongly green there in the system side, and frankly you might argue that if you peeled it out it might be green already. The real issue is inside of the polyurethane [unintelligible] components, TDI, propylene oxide, and NDI. Look, weve got fixes in place for all three to not make them red, but obviously to improve the yellow. But some of those fixes, given the asset sizes, are truly low-cost positions and removing the volatility of inputs, where Sadara and PDH are the best fixes. And thats really 15-18 months from now. Between now and then, the pressure on the pieces of the businesses that are running in the yellow, if you like, not be red, is all about costs, costs, costs. So in other words, were going to keep them pretty buttoned down until such time as the low cost capacity comes onboard. And frankly, as that comes onboard, well look at rationalization as one of the outcomes.
David Begleiter: And then just lastly, U.S. ethylene projects still waiting for permits from I guess the EPA and others. Timing on that, in your view?
Andrew Liveris: I think the one youre asking about from a permit point of view is of course what we call the Texas Nine cracker, which is a large one, which is a 2017 startup. And at the moment, we are on track and frankly theres nothing thats going to delay that from 2017 from this point in time, including permits.
Operator: Well go next to Kevin McCarthy from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin McCarthy: Just wanted to follow up on Dow Agrosciences. You referenced some increased investments that youre making. And with regard to the margin pressure year over year, are there also any timing issues between Q2 and Q3, for example, that would have had a meaningful influence there? A number of your peers in the space have pointed to the delayed planning in North America, for example.
Andrew Liveris: Clearly the delayed planning in North America impacted the delay, and theres no question that it impacted in particular the U.S. results, northern hemisphere in general. We see strong sales from a Q3/Q4 point of view in Latin America, just like some of our peers have reported, being, if you like, an unusual second half event compared to normal second half. And just to remind you, we have corn share of 16% in Brazil and 13% in Argentina. So we are very well-positioned, especially the launch of PowerCore last year on the corn trait adoption cycle. So, look, the soybean versus corn comparison is also a big deal. As you know, the first part of the Latin American season is normally soy. So we do expect to see acreage increase there for soy and corn economics will still stay good. So yeah, there will be some of that, delay out of North America, plus a strong back half for Latin America.
Bill Weideman: Also, there were actually strong seed sales in the first quarter, as farmers purchased live seeds early to make sure they had those. But if you look forward to the third quarter, our expectation is that Dow Ag comps will be favorable year over year comps for the third quarter.
Kevin McCarthy: And then a brief follow up on China. Andrew, you made a remark that you believe China appears to be stabilizing and then another comment about stronger consumer demand, I think in western China. Where do you see that showing up across Dows portfolio? Perhaps you can talk about specific product lines where youre more encouraged.
Andrew Liveris: I think the notable increases in volumes, so polyurethanes, was what let me to that question in response to the west China point in particular. Packaging, that will show up in packaging, with strong, obviously, performance by our polymer business, polyethylene and [unintelligible] packaging enterprise. But not just that, the [unintelligible] as well. Autos and Dow Automotive, in particular what theyre doing with respect to especially sealants and adhesives. [unintelligible] solvents, polyglycols, surfactants in general, which feed, if you like, the industries that feed the consumer. And then Dow Agroscience. I think Dow Agroscience is increasing, albeit off a small base. And then last but not least, functional materials and coatings and infrastructure, in particular Dow Coatings and Dow Water.
Operator: Well go next to Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: Can you tell us how much your pension expense went up this year, or how much you believe it will go up this year, and what your pension funding will be this year?
Bill Weideman: This year, 13 versus 12, our pension expense will be up approximately $275 million. And thats embedded in our operating results, so were covering that in our operating results. As you know, we dont call that out as a certain item. So up $275 million in 13 versus 12. From a pension funding standpoint, our plan right now is to fund the pension plan about $900 million this year, which is similar to the funding that we had in 2012. But as I mentioned in my prepared comments, interest rates had a large impact on this, and dependent on your view on interest rates going forward, a small increase in interest rates could be a significant tailwind as we go into 2014.
Jeff Zekauskas: And in terms of your electronic materials outlook, do you see the demand climate as strengthening or weakening, or relatively stable in the second half?
Andrew Liveris: We think electronics is one of those businesses that is moving in a positive direction in the second half, as an industry. Weve seen that from the downstreams, from the space where we actually directly supply, whether it be Apple or Samsung or Intel. Youve seen what theyre doing with increased capex for example. Theres clearly a strong move on display technologies, where were increasing our presence in [unintelligible] technologies, so OLED and films, for example, from our product mix. And theres no question that semiconductor technologies are on their way up as well, and [interconnect] technologies. So look, Id say its a positive momentum play, not flat.
Operator: Well go next to Don Carson with Susquehanna International.
Don Carson: Andrew, I want to go back to July 18, and chlorine derivatives, is the only solution there a carve-out? Or, given that youve got some new very low cost capacity youre about to start up in the second half at Freeport, is there also some closures that you might do as well to improve the profitability of this business?
Andrew Liveris: Id say both of those are on the table, and both are available, and I think we know that we have to do some action there, and weve been working on that. And DMCA, as you know, was one of those actions that was from three years ago. As that starts up, it will be new low cost capacity, right down our sweet spot, because we take the [Corning] for our value add, our partners take it for their business and downstream [EDC/VCM] etc. You can expect that type of innovative answer as well as rationalization. And all options are on the table.
Don Carson: And a follow up, completely different business, but South America and licensing opportunities. [unintelligible] has a big advantage in Brazil, because 24D is already registered, [unintelligible] isnt. And I also saw from your regulatory filings earlier this year that you got a two mode of action VT for insect protection in soy. So are there some licensing opportunities or imminent announcements about to come for the South American soy market for Dow Agrosciences?
Andrew Liveris: I wouldnt use the word imminent, but I would definitely agree with you opportunity. I mean, theres no question. Remember, the Enlist soybean license with DuPont is global. And of course, to your point, incredibly valuable in the Latin American market for the reasons youve stated. But look, there are other opportunities, and I think of course what you said about the registration, its going to be a powerful positive for our presence down there, whether it be direct or through licensing.
Operator: Our final question will come from PJ Juvekar from Citi.
PJ Juvekar: Andrew, [coatings] and infrastructure seem to be underperforming. Any [unintelligible] business down between the old [Roman and Haas] acrylic business versus your industry in [coatings] and epoxy coatings, etc.?
Andrew Liveris: Theres no question that if you tear the oxy piece out, which weve done on slide 18, you already see the acrylics business, which is mostly the legacy Roman and Haas thats on that slide, almost touching green. So that should tell you straight away that where the problem child has been in coatings and infrastructure. Not to mention, of course, that in that unit we report Dow Corning, right? So youve got to correct the segment for that in addition. But acrylic margins are moving upwards. Theyre moving upwards because of the recovery in the housing market, as well reported from our downstream customers, and frankly the year or two ago issues that weve had in performance monomers out of Deer Park, weve put a lot of money into Deer Park to upgrade it, and to have it reliable, and its running as good as its ever run, in fact way better, safely. And our [unintelligible] integration in Saudi Arabia, as that starts up, thats well-positioned for low cost inputs for the downstream emulsion businesses in the emerging countries. So look, I think weve got the right parameters, not to mention of course the propylene back integration of [PDH] will be helpful to acrylics. So those things will make that yellow bubble on slide 18 cross the green threshold.
PJ Juvekar: And then secondly, you talked about overcapacity of [ECU] in China, which is leading to excess production of [epi] and epoxies and all that. Are you seeing more exports out of China? And are those exports showing up in Europe? How is that flowing through?
Andrew Liveris: Its definitely showing up in the United States. Europe, as you know, is a very troubled downstream consuming market, but it certainly is affecting Europe. But mostly its showing up in the United States.
Doug May: Maybe Andrew, do you want to close with a few comments?
Andrew Liveris: Yeah, look, thanks everyone for listening to us today. I would say theres no question that it was a strong quarter for us. We put self-help in place late last year. The weak macros is our prevailing assumption. The self-help is turning up in our results, and were very strongly pleased with that. Its showing up in our cash flow story too, the question that was asked. The cash flow story means that we are prioritizing uses of cash, as you saw with the K-Dow award to the balance sheet, and that is liberating more opportunities to reward shareholders. We are poised to keep improving the ROC of the company. Were giving you more granularity in slide 18, as already indicated by all the questions. That said, were going to be taking more action, and with the share buyback program weve already announced, and as we take more actions, since the shareholders are our singular focus. We are taking out costs in a weak macro. Were not counting on tailwinds. But were investing in technologies that help in this macro-environment, like packaging, like advanced materials, like Dow Agriculture. And those investments are paying off And as you look at our next couple of years, our path to $10 billion is very, very short, $10 billion of EBITDA. So our focus is on the shareholder, and our ability to keep growing earnings, in our view, is in our control, and if theres a tailwind out there that eventually happens, thats all a bonus. So thank you, Doug, and thanks everyone for listening.
Doug May: And thank you everyone for your questions and for joining us this morning. We appreciate your interest in the Dow Chemical Company. For your reference, a copy of our prepared comments will be posted on Dows website later today. This concludes our call for today, and we look forward to speaking with you again soon. Thank you.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company's first quarter 2013 earnings results conference call. (Operator Instructions). Also, today's call is being recorded. At this time, it is my pleasure to turn the conference over to Doug May, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Doug May: Thank you, Nicole. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, we are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company and any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Weideman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Dale Winger, Associate Director of Investor Relations. Around 7 A.M. this morning, April 25, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and was posted on the internet on dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are posted on our website and through the link to our webcast. Now, some of our comments today include statements about expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. It cannot guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimates and we do not plan to update on forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments will reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and on our website. Unless otherwise specified, all comparisons presented today will be on a year-over-year basis. EBITDA, EBITDA margins and earnings comparisons exclude certain items. The agenda for today's call is on slide three. Now I will now hand the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Doug. Good morning, everyone and than you for joining us. Turning to slide four. In the first quarter, our focus on execution and controlling what we could control, produced strong results despite a persistent challenging macroeconomic environment. We delivered adjusted earnings per share of $0.69, a 13% increase year-over-year. Strong local pricing actions delivered 1% overall increase in price. This is a strong achievement, given the deflationary environment that existed late in the quarter in key commodity inputs. Excluding Feedstocks and Energy, volume was flat indicating share gains in key sectors as the year-on-year market comparable was against a strong Q1 2012. Notably, we drove demand and share growth in emerging geographies, particularly in Latin America. Our performance plastics franchise delivered a very strong performance due to a robust and positive U.S. feedstock fundamentals and focused price discipline in Europe where the market remains very soft. Agricultural sciences achieved record level sales and EBITDA on healthy farmer demand and increasing sales of new technologies. Equity earnings increased due primarily to strong performance from our ethylene-based joint ventures in Kuwait. As a result, adjusted EBITDA grew nearly 10% and adjusted EBITDA margins expanded 170 basis points, a strong outcome in the current environment and we continued our intense focus on cash management evidenced by nearly $500 million increase in cash flow from operations year-over-year. Finally, in line with our stated cash priorities, we continued to de-leverage reducing gross debt just over $900 million in the period. In sum, our result this quarter clearly illustrates the level of blocking and tackling and operational excellence with which our executive team and business leaders are aggressively manage our businesses. Every member of our leadership team is personally accountable for driving price and volume management, delivering our committed cost reductions, optimizing cash generation capabilities across our global asset grid and prioritizing working capital and capital expenditures. We are driving a total focus on cash, capital and cost with price maximization wherever we can get it, all of this in a soft global environment. As we enter the second quarter, we continue to make progress with strategic investments that enable us to capture growth in our focused approach to end user and geographic markets while at the same time aggressively managing our portfolio. We are actively slipping out of those units that are underperforming and deciding on their future as well as applying a best owner mindset and discerning lens across the entire company. I am confident we have the right plan in place to deliver near-term's earnings growth and the right long-term catalyst to reach our target and drive sustainable value. I'll have more to say on this on in a moment, but first let me turn it over to Bill for more detail on our financial and operating results in the quarter.
Bill Weideman: Thank you, Andrew. Let me begin by providing financial summary on slide six. Dow reported earnings of $0.46 per share or $0.69 per share, excluding certain items. Certain items in the quarter totaled $0.23, which included a charge for the early extinguishment of debt and implementation costs associated with our restructuring activities, as well as a non-cash charge related to adjustment of uncertain tax positions. EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA grew in the quarter, reflecting focused price and volume management, which brings me to slide seven. Price momentum was strong in the first quarter, up 1% despite a year-over-year decline in purchase, feedstock and energy costs. Local price increased in most operating segments. Importantly, we also delivered a 2% price increase, sequentially. We remain diligent in our price volume discipline and we will continue to keep a sharp focus here going forward. Overall, volume was down 3%. Excluding feedstock and energy, volume was flat. At a geographic level, volume was flat in North America, or up 4%, excluding feedstock and energy. Volume grew in Latin America due to strength in our agricultural sciences and performance plastics businesses. However, volume declined in Europe. Now moving to our operating performance on slide eight, overall, we grew EBITDA and expanded margins due in large part to the price volume management I just discussed. Another positive driver of performance was equity earnings, which were up year-over-year due to gains in our Kuwait joint ventures. In addition, we benefited from the impact of our previously announced restructuring actions. In total, we have already shut down 17 sites, and the remainder progressing according to schedule. In addition, our workforce reduction targets are tracking ahead of schedule. The savings from our restructuring actions will continue to ramp as we move through the year. Now turning to our operating segment, starting with electronic and functional materials on slide nine, we saw modest increase in revenues as the segment continue to gain share and grow volume offsetting modest price declines. Dow electronic materials grew volume on strength within the semiconductor technology business, however softness across the broader electronics sector coupled with adverse currency impact drove slightly lower pricing compared with a year ago period. In functional materials, revenue increased across all geographic areas as a pharmaceutical sector demonstrated renewed strength and continued resiliency in the food and energy sectors further supported revenue growth in the business. Coatings and Infrastructure Solutions posted a sales decline due to lower volumes. In Dow Coating Materials, revenue rose in agricultural coatings, primarily due to pricing initiatives. However, industrial coatings revenue was flat as gains in North America were offset by lower volume in Europe. In addition, colder weather in the Northern Hemisphere an early spring also impacted results. These same conditions also impacted building construction where sales were down. But I would like to highlight that we are now beginning to see the benefit of our restructuring actions in asset closures, particularly in Europe. On a sequential basis, Dow Coating Materials grew both sales and earnings versus the previous quarter. Let me pause for a minute and discuss Dow Corning where equity earnings were flat versus last year. Conditions have stabilized as customers await the outcome of the MOFCOM ruling. We expect the current unfavorable conditions in the polysilicon segment to persist and we will continue to carefully monitor the dynamics in this value chain. If conditions worsen, Dow Corning will take further restructuring actions as appropriate. Now turning to agricultural sciences which achieved a new sales record surpassing $2 billion in revenue this quarter and reflecting the third straight year of double-digit sales growth in the first quarter. Crop Protection showed continued strong performance with sales of new products up 12%. North America and Latin America both achieved double-digit sales and volume growth versus the prior period. Seeds, Traits and Oils Sea revenue grew an amazing 37% continuing to outpace the market. Strong volume gains in corn led by continued ramp up of our SmartStax portfolio also drove higher profitability. Sales in Performance Materials declined due to lower volume, as we drove price increases and sequentially, margin expansion in a volatile propylene environment. Polyurethanes achieved price increases on both a sequential and a year-over-year basis and epoxy increased margin sequentially due to price gains. In addition, we continue to improve our competitive position by driving down costs where we are beginning to see the benefits of our restructuring actions. Sales in Performance Plastics were $3.5 billion, down 3% compared to the same quarter of last year. Here again, price stewardship was the focus and as a result, margins in this segment grew 720 basis points year-over-year. Margins also grew on a sequential basis up 470 basis points. Polyethylene gained pricing momentum throughout the quarter, leading to margin improvement in every geography. In Feedstocks and Energy, volumes declined primarily due to a lighter feedstock Slate mix in Europe, coupled with the expiration of sales contract related to the divestiture of our polypropylene business last year. These factors contributed to half of the overall company sales decline in Europe. This segment also benefited from higher equity earnings at MEGlobal in Kuwait. Before I turn it back over to Andrew, here are some insights into the second quarter. We expect Agricultural Sciences will continue to post strong results in line with normal seasonality. Planned turnaround spending will be up approximately $150 million sequentially in line with last year. We expect customer buying patterns to remain cautious in the current environment of falling commodity prices and economic uncertainty. Our Performance Materials franchise will see some cost relief as propylene prices have declined. But we expect the decreasing propylene cost will pressure pricing and customer buying patterns. You can expect our global tax rate to be in the 28% to 30% range, as previously communicated. U.S. housing continues its positive march from a very low base and we expect an uptick in Coatings and Infrastructure Solutions in line with normal seasonality. And finally, in Performance Plastics, we expect profitability to remain strong in the Americas but expect industry margins to moderate in the second quarter as declining naphtha pressures pricing particularly in Europe. In addition, this segment will be impacted by a heavy turnaround schedule, as I just mentioned. Now, I would like to turn it back over to Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Thanks, Bill. As you know, we've laid out clear plans to aggressively drive value growth. At a strategic level, our actions were squarely focused on driving cash, cost, capital and driving measures, with clear plans in each of our businesses. Improving our overall return on capital and reviewing our entire portfolio for strategic opportunities to maximize and optimize value. Let me show you show you how on slide 13. Our focus on ROC is critical in our decision making process as this is the lens through which we are prioritizing investments and value creation opportunities moving forward. For example, in electronic and functional materials, performance plastics and agricultural sciences, we continue to invest for strategic value growth as these businesses are exhibiting very strong underlying fundamentals in their end-use markets and Dow is very competitively advantaged. However, in our coatings and infrastructure and performance materials segments, we recognize that there is still work to be done. I will share more of these actions in a moment. In addition to ROC improvement, we are applying a best owner view of our entire portfolio to optimize shareholder value. Turning to slide 14, for example, since 2009, we have divested non-core businesses representing about $8 billion in revenue. At our investment forum in December, we announced the near-term divestiture goal of $1 billion. And in March, we accelerated this target moving to $1.5 billion of proceeds within 18 months. This demonstrates our bias to achieve more sooner. Here again, our actions are well underway. In the first quarter alone, we divested the stabilizers portion of our plastic additives business, announced an agreement to sell our 50% ownership in Nippon Unicar Company Limited, a Japanese joint venture aligned with the Dow Electrical and Telecommunications business. We divested our 50% ownership in Nichigo-Morton Company. We announced plans to sell our Plastic Additives business and shared our intentions to divest the polypropylene licensing and catalyst business this year. You should expect to see and hear more as we move through the year. We will be guided by ROC, and where we are competitively advantaged end-use markets and capabilities, we are investing. Where we are not, we have stopped or slowed multiple projects optical filters program at Dow Kokam investment polypropylene project in Latin America and our called part in China just to name a few. Turning to slide 15, we also continued to address ROC in underperforming businesses. Shutting down asset that do not have sustainable competitive advantage over the long-term and reprioritizing R&D investments. For example, in coatings and infrastructure solutions, we have already shut down vital five of six targeted assets primarily tied to deflated or non-existing European construction markets. In fact in 2013, we plan to reduce cost by $100 million and we will reduce capital expenditures across this portfolio preferentially investing in high return quick payback projects, all with a focus on driving improved return on capital. We are taking very specific targeted actions to address total cost as well as driving margin improvements through price and maximizing the value of our integrated portfolio. From an equity earnings perspective, we do not see substantial further downside in this segment. Dow Corning's results seem to have stabilized as pricing appears to have bottomed. However, customer sentiment remains uncertain pending the Chinese [mop] corn ruling as Bill discussed. We will continue to monitor this very closely. In total, Dow short-term actions are expected to deliver nearly 150-basis point improvement in EBITDA margins for coatings and infrastructure. Longer term, we are focusing on my monetizing our innovation pipeline to generate new incremental EBITDA by prioritizing growth investments in projects at or near commercialization. For example, in Dow coating materials, our hiding technology platform is enabling paint producers to more efficiently use titanium dioxide to costs or improve performance and in Dow Building Solutions, a new polymeric flame retardant offers a more sustainable high-performance solution for insulation manufacturers and is being globally produced and marketed for an innovative licensing program. Further, our PDH investment on the U.S. Gulf coast will enhance propylene integration benefits across Coatings and Infrastructure, and is expected to lift EBITDA margins by 150 basis points in this segment medium-term. Turning to slide 16 and moving to Performance Materials, where here again, our approach is not one-size-fits-all. This segment includes businesses with high return on capital and higher than normalized EBITDA margins. However, we realized there is more work to be done. To that end, we continue to take purposeful actions to enhance ROC by focusing on optimizing price and margin and decreasing structural costs. Specifically we are consolidating and closing assets, particularly in European markets where weak industry conditions persist. This concludes the consolidation of our formulated systems houses as well as a reduction of our epoxy footprint. In polyurethane, we are taking strategic steps to upgrade our margins with the startup of our propylene glycol facility in Asia. We are also harnessing opportunities for growth in attractive businesses within this portfolio, leveraging our integration advantage and technology differentiation to maximize returns. For example, in Dow Oil and Gas, strong shale gas dynamics are fuelling opportunities of customer focused science based growth. Our polyglycol surfactants and fluid businesses is well positioned to provide customers with tailor-made solutions to address specific customer needs in lubricant, thermal fluid, and agricultural sectors, to name a few. Notably, both of these businesses achieved new quarterly EBITDA records. Circling back to our ROC lens, we also remained squarely committed to continue the investment where Dow's differentiation is rewarded, even in a soft macro environment and where margin growth opportunities are achievable. Turning to slide 18, take for example, our collective investments on the U.S. Gulf coast, which remain our priority as that purposefully engineered to deliver on two fronts, enhancing integration advantage for our propylene derivative businesses and providing a robust platform from which to grow our specialty ethylene derivatives. These investments are firmly on track. We have successfully completed the first full quarter of operations with our St. Charles ethylene cracker, which came online under budget and on time and is now ramped up. We broke ground on a new PDH unit in Texas. We continue to make progress on our debottlenecking project in Louisiana and engineering work is well underway for our new world scale cracker and the downstream units in Texas. Positive disruptive trends in U.S. shale gas have led us to make decisions about where and how we invest for global growth. Our competitive U.S. Gulf coast investments are predicted to deliver $2 billion by 2017 and $2.5 billion when fully operational, and we are taking multiple steps to protect this profitability, not the least of which are our activities on the policy front. In addition, we are taking active measures to drive capital efficiency, and improve the overall value of these projects. In fact, the recently announced offtake agreement with Idemitsu and Mitsui for the new cracker at our Freeport facility is a perfect illustration of Dow's commitment to invest in high return projects that deliver advantaged feedstocks for our downstream derivatives, while at the same time building strategic partnerships to bolster the long term profitability of our investment. Turning to slide 19, our Saudi project is also making excellent progress, and just last month the joint venture launched its Sukuk financing. The public offering received strong interest from Saudi's investment community and closed this month oversubscribed. The success of the Sukuk represents an important milestone in the overall collaborative efforts we undertake with our partner to fund construction of this world scale manufacturing complex. This landmark joint venture remains on track. Construction is now more than 10% complete with 17,000 workers on site and we remain fully on schedule with the first production unit to launch in 2015. Perfectly timed to take advantage of the upcoming ethylene cycle and will be very profitable immediately upon startup with a positive impact to our net income line in year one. Turning to slide 20, let me pause here and reinforce our view that a positive ethylene cycle is eminent, our view is that tightening ethylene balances are just ahead and global industry operating rates will climb to enable a cyclical run up driven by sustained high rates in the Americas and limited new capacity that will come online in this timeframe even assuming modest GDP improvement over these next few years. This means a positive cycle will begin later this year or early next year and we expect therefore a $2 billion EBITDA uplift at peak margins. This is on top of the EBITDA from our U.S. Gulf Coast investments and our Saudi position. Turning to slide 21, this approach the cyclical peak will further expand already healthy margins in our downstream technology differentiator derivative businesses. Case in point, our world leading performance plastics franchise here we are leveraging our integration benefit to few competitive advantage while simultaneously driving technology-based growth in Dow elastomers. Our NORDEL IP Hydrocarbon Rubber technology is providing customers in transportation, infrastructure, electrical and telecommunications sectors, with greater control and precision enabling a higher quality more reliable product. Our game-changing INFUSE Olefin Block copolymers offer customers a solution with the flexibility and high temperature resistance and enables products with excellent elastic properties that are resistant to aberration. Our unique hot melt adhesive AFFINITY GA portfolio provides enhanced color and thermal stability and higher productivity for packaging and nonwoven applications. And then, there are our ELITE resins used in food packaging, which enhance the functionality of high performance reducing packaging thickness without sacrificing toughness. Performance Plastics is a perfect example of how we are leveraging customer relationships and market knowledge to point Dow's technology engines directly at the industries our customers serve. One need only look to the more than 40 new product extensions launched last year alone in packaging to see how we applying material science expertise and translating customer needs into innovative solutions that impact our bottom line. Turning to slide 22, Performance Plastics is just one of several areas where Dow is perfectly positioned to meet the needs of attractive, high growth markets. Another example is Electronic Materials, where innovation is mandatory for survival and speed is rewarded. Here again, we are working closely with our customers investing in emerging technologies that enable lighter, brighter, more efficient electronics. We are looking the power of our deep material science and applications expertise and [with] customers to ensure leading positions in winning areas. Specifically in the OLED sector, our active matrix materials offer brighter colors while conserving energy, making smart phones brighter with longer battery life. And Dow's microfilm technology improves the reliability and performance of the printed circuit board for portable devices by offering improved thermal conductivity. As a result about 40% of revenue in this business is from new products launched in the last five years. Turning to slide 23, on our Agricultural Sciences portfolio, where we are achieving consistent record breaking growth. New products in our Crop Protection portfolio grew nearly 20% versus 2011. These are completely novel molecules showcasing the power of Dow's R&D pipeline. We used our deep understanding of the market to anticipate farmer needs, close customer relationships to respond to farmer needs and then discoverer and commercialize solutions for these needs. Recall, in 2008 we declared a goal of achieving $800 million in sales from new crop protection products. We made strong gains towards that target in 2012, and with the ramp up of Sulfoxaflor and (inaudible), we have every confidence that we will deliver this commitment in 2013. Our Seeds, Traits and Oils portfolio is approaching $1.5 billion and here our technology strength has enabled us to build a reputation for outperforming the market with 37% growth just this quarter alone. Earlier this month, we announced the cross licensing agreement with Monsanto. This breakthrough agreement enables next-generation SmartStax corn to stay ahead of the curve with additional insect protection and expand our ability to offer this technology broad to growers and it corroborates what we have known for some time. Dow AgroSciences is a technology powerhouse and a partner of choice. Let me turn to slide 24 at the Dow's earnings trajectory where, as you can see, we are focused on ensuring an aggressive offense, taking both strategic and growth actions as well surgical measures across our portfolio by delivering on our commitment to cash, cost, capital and pricing measures, capitalizing on our industry leading feedstock advantage and positive U.S. shale gas dynamics, as well as taking advantage of the upcoming ethylene cycle, driving the next decade through our investments in the U.S. Gulf Coast and Sadara in the Middle East and harnessing the power of our innovation portfolio. In total, our EBITDA trajectory from a base of $7.7 billion for the last 12 months to north of $10 billion is really being funded in our CapEx and expense plans and we are confident that we have the projects and programs to deliver this near-term earnings growth. Turning to slide 25, as we take these deliberate steps to restore our earnings growth trajectory and further improve our cash flow, we have been very consistent in terms of how we will use this cash. First, paying down debt. We returned $900 million of gross debt through the quarter and our interest expenses continued to decline. Second, rewarding shareholders. In February, we announced the $1.5 billion share buyback program. We remain firmly committed to rewarding shareholders, evidenced by the fact that we have increased our dividend for two consecutive years. As our earnings grow, you should expect our dividend to ramp up further maintaining our straight payout ratio of 45% to 50%. Third, funding prioritized organic growth opportunities. I have said it before. We have more than enough growth opportunities in our portfolio. We do not need M&A to achieve our goals. Importantly, last quarter we received the final award in the K-Dow arbitration covering interest and costs, and now totaling nearly $2.5 billion. Interest is accruing daily and once payment is received, it will go directly to our balance sheet. Turning now to our outlook on slide 27. Last quarter. we told you that our business plans did not anticipate material economic tailwinds materializing in 2013. We said we would plan 2013 as if it was a rerun of 2012. This has proven appropriate thus far. However, we see decent improvements in the United States as well as in Southeast Asia and Brazil. Though China has not seeing strong market correction coming out of a Lunar New Year and conditions in Europe remain very weak. We have built this perspective into our plans, meaning, we will continue to work the plan we laid out for you in 2012 pulling every lever in our arsenal to drive ROC higher and ultimately deliver an ever strengthening and growing earnings performance. But importantly, conditions to seem to be stabilizing in the global macro environment, which is a positive sign, and we are increasingly confident that our management actions will continue to produce results for our shareholders. Finally, while we are not counting on macroeconomic tailwinds, if these tailwinds resulted in higher growth then they will be additive to our previously shown and issue a base case EBITDA and cash generation trajectory. On slide 28, let me assure you then, we have kept our focus on the work that needs to be done. These have been and are difficult business conditions and we worked hard to post these very good first quarter results, however there is still more work to be done. And rest assured we are doing it. We are tightly managing outperformance with metrics posted in fact in operating meetings we hold every week, driving our targeted [hour] actions by managing costs, pushing prices and prioritizing investments. We are indeed focused on cash, cost, capital and price and maintaining a laser-like concentration on strategic portfolio management, where we are addressing underperformance investing for value growth and applying a best owner mindset to every aspect of our portfolio. With that I will turn things back over to Doug for Q&A.
Doug May: Thank you, Andrew. Now let's move on to your questions. First, however, I would like to remind you that my comments regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both, our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Nicole, would you please explain the Q&A procedure?
Operator: Certainly. I'd be happy to. (Operator Instructions). Our first question will come from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar: Andrew, overall your price volume strategy, it seems like you had the first positive pricing quarter in a long time, but your volumes turned negative. So, I guess, was that a deliberate strategy and what's the risk? Because many companies that have tried this many times it has backfired on them especially in a weak environment, so I just was wondering if you can talk a about that strategy.
Andrew Liveris: Yes. So, let me go backwards. The volume point actually as I said to you this morning is something that is hidden in the way the volume loss was. Actually, it primarily reflects some end-of sales agreements from our polypropylene divestiture year-on-year, therefore the comparable on feedstocks and energy is not good because of that loss of those agreements as we were expecting it of course, plus a lot of feed slates, led to lower co-product sales, so it was less about losing volume based on price measures and that was mostly therefore in our feedstocks and energy business. Rest assured that we are watching very carefully price volume trade-offs and we believe that the ability to lead price increases in a lot of our businesses was based on understanding where to maximize margin. There are some very competitive assets that we have where we can really play our low-cost position, but we also have to watch our operating rate. So, yes, that's a weekly tracking activity P.J., we are very, very selective on how to get it done and there are some change, where price wasn't very responsive but in the main we got price where we needed to get them.
P.J. Juvekar: Then secondly if I look at your divestitures so far they've been mostly in commodity areas, polypropylene, polystyrene some technology there. Would you think of divesting any specialty assets that are underperforming?
Andrew Liveris: Well, the announced list that we did in March that Bill did at one of the conferences included a couple of specialties, plastic additives and polypropylene, so the first cut polypropylene licensing is a true high-margin specialty business, the plastic additives and polypropylene businesses therefore good performance in the specialty portfolio, but we don't see them as strategic versus our other choices. And really that's our lens. It's ROC and strategic choices. Strategic choices are made on where we can actually be winners in end-use markets like electronics for example where we got a little bit of M&A going on occasionally, AgroSciences is a little bit of M&A going on occasionally, portfolio managing, so we can grow where we need to grow and if we see specialty businesses that we can't grow, we will divest them, so yes you can count on us doing more.
Operator: Our next question will come from Hassan Ahmed with Alembic Global.
Hassan Ahmed: A question around obviously your volumes were very strong on the Latin American side of things, and over the last couple of days there's been this tax reduction announcement as it pertains to certain raw materials for petrochemical producers out in Brazil. Now, how do you see that, if at all, impacting trade flows and the like, going forward?
Andrew Liveris: Well, as you know, our portfolio in Latin America and the quarter showed this, the big performers were AgroSciences, which has nothing to do with that particular point, and Performance Plastics, which has a little to do with that point, but also remember that a bulk of our Performance Plastics in Latin America is from our Argentinean asset which is solution Lilia low-density polyethylene that goes into things like food packaging. We have customers for example, multilayer fills for food packaging in Brazil, we just had a big win where five of the six layers, are our film, our plastic in that film. So a very high end specialty. We dont see therefore the down drop from the commodity petrochemical side as much as others, because of the nature of our mix.
Hassan Ahmed: I would also expect that being mostly naptha based producers out there, sure their local competitiveness, it may boost margins locally but the delta between ethane and naptha is so high that I wouldnt expect trade flows to be negatively impacted at all.
Andrew Liveris: I wouldnt either and I would not neither, Hassan, and I - look you can see that from a variety of different ways, Braskem wanting to invest in Mexico, lots of Latin American producers coming up to the U.S. We have said our assets in Texas and Louisiana being built for U.S. demand. But if we export some of that will go to the Americas and therefore we will be advantaged even with that point you are making.
Hassan Ahmed: And a follow-up, if I may. On the polyurethane side of things, obviously you talked about volume strength but, I am sorry, some pricing strength at the cost of volumes but on a sequential basis did you see an uptick in profitability?
Andrew Liveris: We did sequentially on polyurethanes. Yes. Basically the point that P.J. made, strong bulk and tackling price volume management. Our polyurethanes and epoxy business is sequentially and our coatings business really improved based on exactly that point.
Operator: Our next question will come from Kevin McCarthy, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin McCarthy: Good morning. Question for you, Andrew, regarding your ethylene cycle outlook and specifically the $2 billion EBITDA uplift that you put forth. I am wondering how much of that relates to or depends on a scarcity driven peak in the ethylene chain? It would seem at the moment that there is not a lot of help on the demand side to get operating rates up. I think one of the industry-leading consultants has rates peaking out around $88. Do you disagree with that? Do you think it will go higher on operating rates? And if so, how do we get there? Are you counting on asset rationalization, for example?
Andrew Liveris: in the main, Kevin, the commentary is around 2.5% to 3.5% global GDP growth rate these next several years with the early years, like this one, being at 2.5%, close to the 2.5% versus 3.5%. So look, that 2% delta, we have it going into the 90s early next year based on conservative GDP assumptions. Again, we can always go south from there. If you go south from 2.5% global GDP, you will get rationalizations, I think, especially I have never seen a cash cost curve on ethylene as steep as this one. The Northeast Asians, the Southeast Asians and the Europeans are very disadvantaged in the slow growth economy or no growth economy. So, there will be pressure if the GDP goes down side from our assumptions. Our assumptions, I think, they are pretty solid and have the operating rates in the 90s next year.
Kevin McCarthy: Okay, and then as a follow-up, if I may. Shifting gears to chloralkali. I was wondering if you could provide us with an operational update but also some thoughts on the strategic outlook for that business and whether or not you are still seeking a partner for the medium term?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, ECU dynamics what Dow have, as we stated many times, value add to chlorine for our downstream derivatives. As time goes by, we will continue to look for more partners of the Mitsui kind and the Shintech kind who are interested in the EDC vinyl chain. We are not, and therefore, we are, if you like asset liking less capital intensity in that area. As we get assets coming up the end of useful life we will make decisions around partnership or shut down. I think that is protecting our downstream assets. If we can find a low-cost chlorine provider, versus producing our own, we will go that path. We are firmly on that path and one nothing will take us off that path, because we see the value add. Remember, also we now have a PO process that doesn't need chlorine. So, as we look at building against PO and PO derivatives in the U.S. that will be chlorine based, so you can see us making those moves over the next several while. Once we get DMCA started up in the back half of this year, we will be we relooking at the next a lot of chlorine investment with a view of not doing it ourselves.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our next question will come from Duffy Fischer, Barclays.
Duffy Fischer: Yes. Good morning. Congrats on a good quarter. Andrew, there have been several statements over the last probably four or five months around the divestitures so first was $1 billion in revenue then we had 1.5 billion of proceeds. Today in the press release it looks like you are kind of increasing the scope of that. Can you triangulate those numbers over the next two years, what kind of sales contribution should we be thinking about as going and what kind of proceeds would we get back all-in for what's on tap now?
Andrew Liveris: I'll let Bill answer that, Duff, if you don't mind.
Bill Weideman: Yes, Duffy, so to your point I mean we first announced that we are going to divest a $1 billion and as you know we upped that to $1.5 billion over the next 18 months. That $1.5 billion is defined as pre-tax proceeds, okay? So, that is the definition. And, as Andrew highlighted in his comments, we've already announced the plastic additives and the polypropylene licensing in catalyst. I can just give you a quick update on those. The plastic additives, we actually took to market in March, and so we are expecting the signing sometime in the second quarter and closing by the end of the year. In the polypropylene licensing and catalyst we'll take to market in the second quarter with an anticipated signing third quarter, again, target of signing by the end of the year. So, I can tell you without giving any specific numbers, those that we've already laid out will be a significant portion already of that target that we laid out and our target is to complete those by the end of the year, so hopefully that helps, so it's pre-tax proceeds in the next 18 months, and the ones we already have announced we are targeting to complete by the end of the year.
Duffy Fischer: Okay. Then if we switched to Dow Agro, I guess kind of two questions there. One the deal that DuPont signed with Monsanto, where it looks like now DuPont is going to take the double stack of Dicamba plus round up into their soybeans, where before it looked like DuPont was going to take your enlist. Strategically, what does that do to your outlook for enlist in soybeans. Then just a second question, how many Herculex acres either standalone or inclusive of SmartStax do you think you will get this year?
Bill Weideman: On the rates with Monsanto and DuPont put together our enlist soybeans license with DuPont is global just to remind you and it's particularly valuable in the Latin American market where Dicamba does not enjoy the same registrations and widespread uses 2,4-D, so we don't really see much effect of that license and the Monsanto license with DuPont only covers North America. And frankly, the NPVs on our list entire project with the arrangement we now have the Monsanto actually have improved NPVs in totality including this new arrange between Monsanto and DuPont. I think on the number of Herculex acres for this particular year, we are seeing a pretty rapid, I mean it's about 70% of our own portfolio, but I don't have the acres top of mind, so we will get back to you specifically on that if you don't mind, Duffy.
Operator: We'll go next to Bob Koort, Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire: Good morning. It's actually Brian Maguire on for Bob today. Andrew, I was a little surprised by your comments around the volume decline in feedstock business that it was due to a lightning the cracker feed slate. Seem that last year the light end of the feed slate was pretty well advantaged over the heavy and I guess the polypropylene contract had something to do with your decision around a little bit heavier, but did you make any efforts of the lighten the feed slate over the last year that enable you to run lighter. I think you mentioned specifically in Europe you ran a little lighter. Were you just able to run a little bit more propane to (Inaudible) and or were there any efforts done over there to lighten the feed slate?
Andrew Liveris: I love it when a question has the answer. That's great. That's exactly, but the propane in Europe was exactly the lighter aspect of it. And, as you know we have the ability to be the lightest of the crackers in Europe is into news because of our conversion of propane over the many years we have been there, so it just led to less our remaining sales because we had co-product sales from cracking propane.
Brian Maguire: Great, and then on slide 18. I noticed it looked like you have raised the target EBITDA for the St. Charles cracker. I think you had been talking about $150 million previously. Now you are talking about a $350 million run rate. Just wondering what changed there and for 2013, are you still thinking $150 million? And is that just because of running at lower operating rates for some reason?
Andrew Liveris: Yes. Just two data points we have given the market now. $150 million was this year. $350 million was its run rate number, which the ramp up will be as we get the ethylene cycle and that will be the next year or two as I already answered on a previous question.
Operator: Our next question will come from Peter Butler, Glen Hill Investments.
Peter Butler: I was looking at Ag Chemical numbers and you had a very healthy sales gain but the EBITDA was up just a lot less. And I am wondering why. There are several possible reasons but among which the bad weather and also Easter week was last week in the quarter. So that could have had an impact. Did you see a shift in earnings from this first quarter into the second quarter and if so how much?
Andrew Liveris: So, Peter, a little bit but no, not much shift at all. Really, at the end of the day, less shift than normal, way less and it was really what it really is. We have said this is the market for sometime. This year is a big year, as is next year for the launch of four major new products for Dow AgroScience. Dow AgroScience has big year-on-year growth. It was the beginnings of all those new product launches are appearing in the expense column ahead of the revenue column and so refuge advanced power coal, Sulfoxaflor and ENLIST are all coming now this year and this big EBITDA numbers that we are pre-funding with R&D and marketing and promotional strategies. Thats why a disproportion amount of the sales dollar went into funding all that versus the EBITDA column. Thats it pretty much and that is alone. I just want to reaffirm, this agreement with Monsanto is validating game changing agreement for ENLIST and basically says it is going to be the trait of choice, frankly, for not just corn but for a variety of traits for soybean.
Peter Butler: During your presentation, I think Weideman, when he was discussing the extraordinary sales growth you had in Seeds and Traits, I think he said something about that this part of the business had a high profitability and that isnt my understanding. I thought that the Seeds and Traits, due to very high front end expenses was running no profits or even a loss. So did I just not catch that right?
William Weideman: Yes, Peter, the way you answer that is correct. You didnt catch that right. So what I was talking was about, is a significant revenue increase that Andrew anger talked about 37%. But you are correct. We are investing in this business with all these product launches. So really what I just talked about a 37% increase was on the revenue line.
Andrew Liveris: And I would also state that has been a high invest business for us, the Seeds, Traits and Oils. I will just tell you that thats approaching breakeven these days.
Operator: We will go next to John McNulty, Credit Suisse.
John McNulty: Thanks for taking our questions and good morning. So with regard to the portfolio management, it sounds like you are taking maybe a little bit more of an aggressive tone in terms of identifying potential divestiture candidates and strategic actions and opportunities. First of all, is that the right way to think about, you are looking at it that it is a little bit more, there is more scrutiny but also does this potentially mean there may be larger scale assets that historically might have always been viewed as core that might not be going forward?
Andrew Liveris: John, your question. So since we had the December investor forum, we talked about ROC. We also talked about markets where Dow can really grow because of its successes. Packaging, from a plastics point of view. AgroSciences, where we just finished talking about and food nutrition, so it's natural the portfolio context to do two things and if it across as more aggressive then fine. One, a market-driven capabilities and keep investing the thing you are winning at with an ROC best owner mindset, therefore nothing is sacred. We are going to keep driving that. That's what you can expect from us in the next many months and next many quarters and it's not just businesses that are on the commodity end as for the question P.J. We will be looking at specialty businesses that we can't grow at the pace that need to be grown and will be making those decisions from a portfolio point of view.
John McNulty: Great. Then just maybe as a follow-up with regard cash flows, your cash flows in the quarter were much bigger than they normally are, at least seasonally this tends to be a pretty light quarter for you and they were pretty strong, so is there anything different about this year that maybe changes the seasonality of that or should we be expecting kind of usual big ramp up as we get later on in the year in terms of your cash flows coming in?
Bill Weideman: Yes. Sure. This is Bill. You should continue to expect our cash flow to ramp as go through the year, because our working capital is a use of funds, because as you know and we build inventories ahead of a turnaround season and also we build inventory in the first quarter for product launches that Andrew talked about in age. So, going forward, you should expect our cash flow to continue to ramp. What drove our significant improvement in cash flow this quarter versus the year ago were higher earnings and also the actions that we've taken. For example, our CapEx spending is lower this quarter versus a year ago and will be lower the full year, so you should expect cash flow to continue to ramp as we go through the year?
Operator: Our next question will come from Vincent Andrews, Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Andrew, if I heard your comments earlier in regards to the ethylene cycle correct, it sounds like you are assuming probably a greater than historical GDP multiplier for ethylene. Is that correct? And if so, what gives you confidence in that given the data that's out there so far?
Andrew Liveris: No. We don't expect greater, what we know, used historically. Back historically it's been as high. Two, we are using a 30-year average when we look at the multipliers, so no change there is the short answer, Vincent.
Vincent Andrews: What is the more hedge multiplier is?
Andrew Liveris: Yes. 1.4.
Bill Weideman: On average, right, but it has variability of course..
Operator: Our next question will come from David Begleiter, Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. Andrew, just on ethane prices, as you look into 2014 and given the new ethane supply, is there a potential for ethane price to drop materially into low 20s even teens cents per gallon basis?
Andrew Liveris: Well, yes. That's a fascinating question. I think if you are the producer side of this, you are basically seeing ethane at rejection levels. You know all the dry gas wells shutting, when gas prices went down below $3. As you know gas prices are rocketing up. And, as we predicted, but ethane is staying quite low and the question we put out is that to keep producing NGLs, what's the bottom. I don't think we are smart enough to call bottom, but I can definitely tell you that ethane is going to be like this now over the next year or two or three and we will keep testing bottoms and frankly keep testing breakthroughs higher than 30 or 35. So, I think ethane will be range bound with sorts of bottoms that you are talking about possible, maybe as kind detours, but in the 20s for the next year or two. I think is what our guys are calling.
David Begleiter: Just on China quickly, Andrew. While your volume is up in Q1, what's your forecast for your China volumes?
Andrew Liveris: In China, volumes were down 3% year-on-year, so now remembering that Chinese New Year and all the things Peter talked about Easter and all that nothing affects them, but just [global]. On little fact audition on China, their GDP now only has 25% of it driven by exports, where that number used to be historically around 50% to 60%. That's a big change, one. Two, consumption is down. That have was down government spending on all wasteful areas including things like backlog, so I would tell you China is soft, but started to show trend positive. I am not calling the turn. I think, we are planning is it going to be soft year, but there's a chance of tailwinds in second half.
Bill Weideman: Maybe time for one more question?
Operator: And our final question will come from Don Carson with Susquehanna International.
Don Carson: Yes. Thank you. A question on the propylene impacting in Q1 and how that is going to play out in Q2. We saw propylene spike in January, February reverse most of that. So what was the absolute dollar impact on your margins for the Performance Materials and Coatings and are you going to be able to recover that surge given that it is falling back and I understand about half of your propylene derivatives arent indexed to propylene itself.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, propylene moving around like it did in the quarter was not a good thing for more commodity based propylene derivatives in terms of price power. The good news is that all of the coatings stuff is not impacted by that as much as it used to be. The ones that are, like (inaudible) where there is weak markets there is clearly going to be margin squeeze in the face of falling propylene. It is going to be hard to maintain price momentum. The way we are answering that is, we are not looking at deselecting customers and deselecting assets if we have to so that we can keep a high margin or, if you like, above the cost of capital, thats our ROC lens. But there will be volatility and with downward projector already in April, there is going to be top sledding to get the price momentum in more commodity like propylene derivatives. A bottom line answer.
Unidentified Analyst: Finally, Andrew, on the last call, you indicated that as Freeport joint venture with Mitsui came up, you would make some offsetting closures and that you would have an update for us on what you are going to do with the Louisiana chloralkali assets. So can you make a comment on that?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, as the last question, I dont make this the headline again. The comment I have is no comment. We are basically, we will reevaluate after DMCA comes up, what happens to the chlorine envelope as I answered on our previous question.
Doug May: Okay, Andrew, maybe you want to make a few closing comments.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, I do. Thanks very much, everyone, for tuning in. Obviously we feel good about our quarter because we control what we could control. We had an EPSB. The revenue miss is not great because of what Bill said and I said about the feedstocks. We feel good, not because of the base, we feel good because of what we are doing. And what we are doing is we are working hard on the portfolio, we working very, very much on the things that matter to us in terms of prioritizing growth with the best on our mindset and shareholder value for us is key. You can expect us to continue to reduce debt. You can expect to continue to rewarding shareholders. At the end of the day, as the economy stabilizes to continue to control what we can control. Thanks, Doug.
Doug May: Well, thank you everyone for your questions and for joining us this morning. We appreciate your interest in Dow. Four your reference, a copy of our prepared comments will be posted on Dow's website later today. This concludes our call for today. we look forward to speaking with you again soon. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Once again, that will conclude our call for today. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Dow Chemical Company's Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions). Also, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Doug May, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Doug May: Yes, thank you, Lisa. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, we are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are, Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Weideman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Dale Winger, Associate Director in Investor Relations. Around 7 am this morning, January 31st, our earnings release went out on Business Wire, and was posted on the internet on dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are posted on our website and through the link to our webcast. Now some of our comments today include statements about expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimates and we don't plan to provide or update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. Now, additionally some of our comments will reference non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and on our website. Now unless otherwise specified, all comparisons presented today will be on a year-over-year basis EBITDA, EBITDA margins and earnings comparisons exclude certain items. The agenda for today's call is on slide three. I will now hand the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Doug. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. If you look at slide four, 2012 was a challenging year. However, Dow controlled the controllable, implementing strong and robust cost reduction in margin improvement programs as well as reprioritization of growth projects and executed these tactical interventions with a focus of a world seasoned team. Let me, some of the highlights from the fourth quarter and the full year starting with the quarter. Here are the headlines, earnings per share excluding certain items was $0.33, volumes stabilized as demand growth in Asia-Pacific and the Americas offset ongoing demand weakness in Western Europe. Our stringent price, volume, margin focus enabled us to deliver higher margins over raw material costs with only a slight decline in price year-over-year and an increase sequentially led by our strong Performance Plastics franchise, therefore our results were adjusted EBITDA of $1.6 billion reflecting strong results in our Performance Plastics franchise with a 430-basis point increase in margins due to robust U.S. feedstock and energy fundamentals. I will have more to say on that in a moment. Dow Agricultural Sciences achieved record sales levels and EBITDA in the fourth quarter. We saw significant decline in equity earnings this quarter, particularly from Dow Corning and ongoing headwinds in certain businesses particularly thermosets, where we are addressing structural disadvantages were also seen in the quarter, however and importantly, we continue to drive strong cash flow from operations delivering $1.6 billion during the quarter and more than $4 billion for the year as we had promised. Turning to slide five, this brings us to our achievements for 2012. Dow delivered adjusted earnings per share of $1.90. There were two key drivers. On the downside, price which declined a staggering $2.1 billion for the year with most of the impact taking place from mid-year onwards. Note that currency accounted for nearly two-thirds of this decline. In addition, as you know, the entire industry experienced significant naphtha-based margin contraction in both, Europe and Asia and our equity earnings were down significantly for the year, largely exacerbated by industry challenges specific to Dow Corning. On the upside, our strengthening feedstock advantage in the Americas, which includes Canada, Argentina and the United States, along with healthy market fundamentals in Agricultural Sciences, partially offset these headwinds. In fact, Dow Agricultural Sciences achieved record sales and EBITDA in the year of $6.4 billion and nearly $1 billion, respectively. In addition, we reached significant milestones with critical, enterprise growth projects such as our investments on the U.S. Gulf Coast, and our Sadara joint venture in the Middle East. These projects are game changers to Dow's bottom line. More after Bill reviews the quarter. And, as stated, we clearly sustained a laser-like focus on financial fitness reducing our debt by more than $600 million, maintaining our liquidity position and achieving strong cash flow from operations. Between 2011 and 2012, we generated $8 billion in cash flow from operations, in line with our previously stated targets. This focus on financial flexibility enabled us to deliver on our commitment to increasingly reward shareholders with a 34% increase in dividends declared. As we enter 2013, I am confident we have the right catalysts in place to deliver on our earnings growth targets. I will have more to say about this later in the call and about our plans moving forward, but first let me turn it over to Bill for more detail on our financial and operating results.
William Weideman: Thank you, Andrew. Turning to slide seven, Dow posted sales of $13.9 billion, a decrease of 1% versus the same quarter last year. Dow reported a loss of $0.61 per share, or earnings per share of $0.33 excluding certain items which is up 32% versus the fourth quarter of 2011. We had several certain items in the quarter. We recorded a charge of $0.57 per share associated with restructuring plan that we announced in October. In addition, we took a goodwill impairment of $0.19 per share in our Formulated Systems business, reflecting a weaker outlook in wind energy. We recorded a charge of $0.07 per share, related to the recent restructuring actions announced at Dow Corning. We recorded a charge of $0.06 per share for Sadara-related costs. Finally, we recorded a $0.05 charge related to the early redemption of long-term debt. Now let me turn to volume trends on slide eight. Overall, volume was flat, as a decline in Western Europe offset volume growth in both, Asia-Pacific and the Americas. In fact, we saw a 7% volume increase in North America, excluding the impact of our Feedstocks and Energy operating segment, which was down due to asset shutdowns in 2011, as well as the expiration of sales contracts related to our polypropylene divestiture last year. Now let me turn to price trends on slide nine. Overall, prices declined $91 million, or 1% versus the fourth quarter of last year. This modest decrease in price was more than offset by a $413 million decrease in purchased feedstock and energy costs. Our focus on pricing continues as we head into 2013, particularly given the recent increases in propylene costs. Turning to our operating performance, margins expanded as we largely held prices in the midst of declining raw material costs. This benefit was partially offset by a significant decline in equity earnings largely driven by lower Dow Corning earnings due to unfavorable solar industry conditions and oversupply of polysilicon. In response, Dow Corning announced restructuring plans this quarter to mitigate the rapidly deteriorating market conditions. The cost savings associated with these actions will ramp as we move through the year. The current unfavorable conditions in the polysilicon segment are expected to continue for Dow Corning's Hemlock Semiconductor subsidiary. These conditions could worsen if trade rulings on the importation of solar grade polysilicon into China are negative. If conditions worsen, Dow Corning will take further actions as appropriate. Now turning to our operating segments starting with Electronic and Functional Materials on slide11. We saw modest revenue growth from Electronic Materials, driven primarily by our Semiconductor Technologies, where higher foundry utilization rates contributed to stronger demand year-over-year. In Functional Materials, revenue increased across all geographic areas as volume gains outpaced price declines. Dow Wolff Cellulosics increased volume on strong growth from new products launches in the food sector. In Coatings and Infrastructure Solutions, Dow Coating Materials grew revenue on improving demand conditions, however lower pricing in epoxies hampered profitability. The segment also reflects Dow Corning's lower equity earnings, as previously mentioned. Now turning to slide 12. Agricultural Sciences reported record fourth quarter sales and EBITDA. Sales of new crop protection products grew 11% for the quarter and 19% for the full year. Seeds, Traits and Oils also reported sales increases, driven by continued strong growth in both, North America and Latin America. Strong farmer demand fueled gains for unique technology such as SmartStax corn hybrids. Sales in Performance Materials declined due to lower volume and prices across most geographic regions. Polyurethane sales were lower principally due to the shutdown of our TDI capacity in Brazil, and lower prices particularly in Asia, drove sales declines in propylene oxide, propylene glycol and Chlorinated Organics. Sales in Performance Plastics were up compared with the same quarter last year, driven by improved pricing in Europe and Latin America and coupled with strong volume growth in North America. In Feedstocks and Energy, the expiration of contract sales related to the divestiture of Dow's Polypropylene business drove lower hydrocarbon sales. Higher caustic soda prices were more than offset by lower vinyl chloride monomer sales driven by asset shutdown decisions in 2011. Now, turning now to our cost reduction and cash flow measures. As Andrew mentioned, we have accelerated our cost reduction and cash flow measures. In 2013, reduced CapEx spending will result in incremental cash savings of $500 million, prioritized growth investments and lower discretionary spending will deliver savings of $200 million and restructuring plans we announced in 2012 will deliver incremental savings of $300 million. All together, we plan to deliver $1.75 billion in cost and cash savings on a run rate basis by the end of 2014. Finally, we will continue to actively manage our portfolio. In fact, we are targeting to divest up to $1 billion of non-strategic businesses over the next 12 to 24 months. Now looking forward, you can use the following assumptions for modeling purposes. You can expect the savings from our announced cost and cash flow measures will ramp as we move through this year. We expect Performance Plastics margins will remain strong in the Americas due to our feedstock advantage. Propylene costs are expected to increase $0.15 to $0.20 this quarter with some upside pressure. Dow Corning equity earnings will remain depressed due to weakness in the polysilicon value chain specifically in the solar industry and annual pension costs will increase $250 million to $300 million due to lower discount rates. You can expect our global tax rate to be in the 28% to 30% range. And now I would like to turn it back over to Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Bill. I would now like to address Dow's earnings growth trajectory and the full array of catalysts we have in place to protect that growth path. Our commitment to grow our earnings on this trajectory is unwavering and we have the team to deliver this commitment, and during the year, we demonstrated this commitment by undertaking surgical, aggressive actions to accelerate near-term value growth. Let me show you how. Turn to slide 17. In this current slow growth world, we recognized that we must adopt a more near-term, pragmatic approach to funding projects that preserve growth and simultaneously improve the return on capital all the while reducing risk. To be clear, while we selectively prune, we will remain fully committed to funding efforts where Dow's differentiation is rewarded regardless of the weak macro environment, and where near-and medium-term margin growth opportunities are clear, and well within reach and expand our leadership in key franchises. Let me highlight some of those businesses and projects that are and will continue to demonstrate a higher operating return on capital, businesses where our technologies and products are winning, where we expect growth to continue and where we are investing accordingly. Turn to slide 18, our Electronic Materials portfolio is positioned in winning areas enabling faster processes, broader displays and smaller internal components to match consumer trends. Our Agricultural Sciences business is answering the call from farmers who are escalating demands for advanced solutions to feed our growing population and seeking higher yields. Then, of course, there's our Performance Plastics portfolio, an industry-leading franchise that is generating high returns today even in the midst of trough like conditions in Asia and Europe. In 2012 alone, our Performance Packaging business launched more than 40 new products showcasing its commitment to innovation and rapid commercialization of new material solutions. When you couple the scale and location of our assets, Performance Plastics is uniquely positioned to fully leverage the ethylene cycle and deliver high-margin attractive, growth for years to come. In fact, we estimate this portfolio would deliver EBITDA margins above 30% and EBITDA north of $5 billion in the upcoming peak. If you turn to slide 19, and on that note, I want to share our view of the ethylene cycle. As you know, in 2012, the industry grappled with thin-to-negative margins for naphtha-based ethylene producers in Europe and in Asia. The dichotomy, of course, is the Americas, which have shown exceptional margin strength as wet shale gas dynamics are fundamentally changing the game for integrated North American based producers like Dow. This is clearly evidenced by operating rates in the United States and Canada being in the 90s, while Asia and Europe have been in the 70s. We reaffirm our view that, even given modest GDP growth in North and Latin America, operating rates and margins in the Americas will rise in the near-term. In fact, before the new U.S. Gulf Coast capacity comes online in the back half of this decade, the Americas may well become a net importer of ethylene derivatives leading to a step-change in price necessary to attract those imports. Further, as global demand outstrips supply in the next few years and world GDP gains further traction, we anticipate operating rates higher than 90% leading to substantial margin expansion, a double peak, so to speak. On slide 20, Dow is perfectly positioned to take advantage of this change. For a start, ethane fundamentals were very strong on the U.S. Gulf Coast as we moved into the second half of 2012 and beyond. And we have long highlighted the naphtha-to-ethane arbitrage that provides tremendous margin expansion opportunities for ethane-based producers like Dow. Additionally, more recent industry dynamics further illuminate what differentiates Dow, and that is the unique advantage we gain from the powerful combination of current ethane as well as propane advantages on the U.S. Gulf Coast and we are especially bullish on propane. In fact, going forward, we see structurally long propane creating a ceiling on ethane pricing, and you can be sure Dow's feedstock flexibility will allow us to continue to pivot so that we continue to take advantage of our uniquely advantaged feedstock slate and we are building on this advantage. Our actions and our investments, particularly those investments both, here in the United States as well as in the Middle East are focused on dramatically growing this advantage. So, if you turn to slide 21, let me start with our U.S. Gulf Coast projects. Our St. Charles cracker restarted in December hitting its end of 2012 milestone. This new capacity cuts in half Dow's U.S. Gulf Coast ethylene purchases. This is a major year-over-year positive for us. Our second, ethane flexibility project in Louisiana timed for 2015, also continues to move forward and will serve to completely eliminate our in-region purchases. Just as critically, we are proactively positioning ourselves to benefit from the aforementioned abundant propane supply and thereby mitigate exposure to volatile propylene prices that affect our Thermosets and Coatings margins, especially in the U.S., through our game-changing PDH project. This project remains firmly on track and the investment is expected to add more than $450 million of EBITDA once complete and is a key strategic step in improving margin performance and dampening volatility in all of our propylene derivatives and these investments are not simply geared for margin improvements. They also enable medium-term growth in the Americas as market conditions improve and industry operating rates rise as evidenced by our plans to build a low cost, world scale cracker in Freeport. As we have often stated, this investment will remain true to our strategy to deliver advantaged feedstocks and volume that matches the growth needs of our differentiated, downstream derivatives. And, as we have shared previously, we will have partners for non-core ethylene derivatives for this project to achieve economies of scale. In fact, we are in the final stages of structuring a significant, strategic ethylene off-take agreement, one that is a win-win both, for us as well as the off-taker. We will announce this deal which will help with the capital cost of the new cracker very, very shortly. In total, we expect our U.S. Gulf Coast investments and favorable wet shale gas dynamics to deliver $2 billion in additional EBITDA by 2017. Of course, these projects bring low cost feedstocks for the Americas. And, our huge investment in Saudi Arabia named Sadara, does the same for all of the key growth regions in the world. Turning to slide 22, this joint venture with Saudi Aramco is very well positioned to serve Asia, Central and Eastern Europe and of course the Middle East and Africa, capturing customer demand and stimulating high-margin growth for decades to come. I visited the site last month and I saw first-hand the significant progress our teams have made. We have achieved several key project milestones. Front-end engineering and design work is complete, product marketing agreements have been signed and project financing remains well on track we are on budget and on schedule. And by next year, the construction workforce will peak at around 60,000 people all driving toward our target to bring the initial phase online in 2015. Taken on the whole, these are high-return projects, and will significantly strengthen Dows near-term and mid-term profitability. I mentioned earlier that we are managing our businesses with a laser-like focus on return on capital rigorously testing our portfolio to identify which businesses to grow, run for cash, fix or sell. Let me turn now to two segments, where we are taking focused actions to address underperformance. Turn to slide 24, I mentioned earlier our PDH investment, which will enable Dow to benefit from abundant propane supply. Importantly, this investment will bring less volatility and capture the benefit of what we believe is a sustainable, structural change decoupling propane from propylene. Turn to slide 25, our Performance Materials and Coatings and Infrastructure Solutions segments consume essentially all of Dow's propylene requirements and securing lower long-term, low-cost feedstocks is a critical action to improve the profitability of these segments. In fact, we anticipate that the propylene from our on-purpose propylene investment will enable us to drive margin expansion on the order of 300 basis points in Performance Materials and 150 basis points in Coatings and Infrastructure Solutions, but this remedy we understand is medium-term and we have and will continue to take action in the near-term. Actions we have announced recently are squarely focused on improving the performance of these two segments today by shutting down high cost assets, strictly managing working capital, canceling growth projects with back-end loaded NPVs and aggressively increasing price. In addition as Bill has stated, in December, we announced plans to divest $1 billion of non-core assets over the next 24 months. We are already moving forward on this target, evidenced by todays divestment of the stabilizers component of our Plastic Additives business. As well as the announcement made just last night regarding our plans to sell our 50% ownership in Nippon Unicar Company, a joint venture in our Electrical and Telecommunications business. As you think about our $1 billion divestment target moving forward, expect to see the actions centered squarely on driving improved ROC. Let me turn to slide 26, and before I move to our outlook and priorities, I want to cover one additional, important topic, Dow's commitment to strong cash flow and our focused, clear priorities for uses of this cash. As you know, we have three and only three priorities for how we deploy cash. Number one, paying down debt. Two, rewarding shareholders. Our 34% increase year-over-year in dividends declares and illustrates our Board's confidence in our ability to deliver higher sustainable earnings growth over the long-term, and three investing prudently in organic growth opportunities. Of course, the K-Dow arbitration awards will also serve to accelerate our priorities for uses of cash. As you know, the $2.16 billion Partial Award announced last summer did not include interest and costs owed to Dow. Those significant costs will be assessed in the final award. We are now simply awaiting the release of the final award to the parties, which we expect to receive in February. This is an important, last step in the arbitration. We have every expectation that the two awards together will total nearly $2.5 billion. As a reminder, we also have every confidence that interest will continue to accrue on the awards every day until payment is received. And critically, this cash injection will go directly to our balance sheet, of this, you can be assured. As we've stated, and taken on the whole, Dow enters 2013 squarely focused on driving earnings growth, increasing cash flow and rewarding shareholders. If you turn to slide 28, our current business plans do not call for any macroeconomic tailwinds in 2013, as we believe ongoing uncertainty in the global economy will continue to present challenges in what we expect will be a slow growth environment. A repeat of 2012 is what we are in fact planning for. We expect global GDP will be nearer to 2.5% than to 2.0. And we do see decent improvement in the United States, due to improving fundamentals in key sectors such as housing, automotive and, of course, oil and gas. The outlook in China is also growing brighter. Exports to the United States and elsewhere are regaining steam. The output of significant local stimulation efforts have taken hold and the government is closely managing inflation, particularly of the property speculation variety. China should see solid 7% growth this year and other emerging regions, in general will continue their growth albeit at slower rates than history. The question is, how will these positives be counter balanced by continuing challenging conditions in Europe? We see Europe as continually challenged certainly throughout 2013, and while some of all these uncertainties makes it tough to read the year right now, Dow will continue to focus on its own course and benefit from the structural cost reductions implemented in 2012 as well as our continued, strong North American feedstock advantage and the favorable dynamics driving our Agricultural Sciences business. Therefore, as we enter and navigate 2013 you can expect to see us to take actions on every front to deliver on our earnings growth trajectory by turn to our priorities fully deploying the $2.5 billion of actions to reduce our cost structure and generate more cash. The results of which are beginning to take hold and by aggressively moving forward with our key growth catalysts. Which are leveraging our feedstock advantage as the ethylene cycle unfolds, aggressively commercializing our near-term technology pipeline and driving key investments for long-term profitability in the U.S. Gulf Coast and the Middle East. All of these differentiate Dow, and will continue to propel our strategy to deliver higher earnings growth and increasingly reward shareholders. The Dow team understands its priorities, which are clear and we know what needs to be done. We are fully accountable for proactively and aggressively implementing the tough decisions required to achieve our short, medium and long-term targets and continue to accelerate value growth for our shareholders. And with that, Doug, let's go to Q&A.
Doug May: Thank you, Andrew. Now we will move on to your questions. First, however, I would like to remind you that my comments regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both, to the prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Lisa, would you mind going through and explain the Q&A procedure?
Operator: Our first question comes from John McNulty with Credit Suisse.
John McNulty: Just the first one with regard to the plastics business. You had some downtime last year. You have Charles up now. How should we be thinking about potential downtime for this year? What all of this, added in, means for volume growth in terms of what you are expecting this quarter or, excuse me, this year?
Andrew Liveris: So, John, this is Andrew. It is very hard to forecast the unplanned and we just had an unplanned in Texas. Our team did a great job of bringing that back up very quickly. But in terms of planned, Bill will give you a specific sense of it, but look, nothing like last year to answer your question. That was an unfortunately timed downtime as you know. So we lost a lot of the run-up in the low-cost feedstock side out of Canada in particular. But we believe our performance plastics business is on its march up. We believe that the margin expansion is based on our steady-state model here. It shows operating rates going up. We believe that we are advantaged especially in the growth regions with our Kuwait venture as well as our Argentina business and of course the U.S. and Canada. So, I actually think that the business is doing incredibly well. They have got price increases out there. They have got good operating rates and with exception of unplanned, I think you can expect year-on-year growth.
William Weideman: Good to have that, John. We are assuming just a typical turnaround season this year. So even in our turnaround spending actually for 2013 will be very much in line with 2012.
John McNulty: Okay, thats helpful and then just one follow-up question. In electronics, we have seen the pricing continue to drag down over the last few quarters. If you can give us some color as to what's really driving that and if there is competitive issues or its commoditization type issues or if it's just the weak demand? Maybe you can shed a little light on that?
Andrew Liveris: Definitely weak demand, John. Nothing embedded in the business. In fact, the business has got increasing investments and positive exposure to the growth side of the business which are tablets, smartphones, OLED, solid-state drives. But the slowdown in PC instead of phones and the end of year, all the people you have seen out there, whether it be Apple or anyone else, Samsung, there has been some slowness in the consumer side this last quarter and they are expected to continue into Q1. But no, nothing about the portfolio. The portfolio has positioned itself for positive growth and positive margin expansion.
Operator: We will take our next question from Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Koort: Thank you, good morning. Andrew, I was just wondering if I could ask maybe a broader question around your performance materials business and propylene derivatives businesses. It seems like it's been quite some time since they performed up to par and I am wondering if you can assess, if is this a Dow specific issue, or is there something structurally about those end markets and businesses that just make it a tough slog? How do you compare when you benchmark? If it weren't for just getting some low cost propylene production, is there a path to enrichment in other ways here?
Andrew Liveris: Well, the fix, is it Dow specific? I don't believe so. If you look at the two key parts of performance materials that are underperforming and have for some time to respond to you point, epoxy and then the whole polyurethane chain including isocyanides. The fixes are in place with the propylene backed integration and the isocyanides investments in Saudi Arabia. So, low cost competitive building blocks, propylene oxide, MDI, TDI, epichlorohydrin, all those are in place for the two-year route point. In the short term, what's been going on in the last couple of years, in particular Bob, is the propylene volatility without half of our exposure being on the purchase side of this thing. The propylene volatility mimics the old priced naphtha volatility. Frankly the disconnect between the arbitrage of Asia where the markets are growing and North American where the market hadn't been growing the way our assets are, has particularly hurt polyurethanes. On epoxy, the Chinese just overbuilt. That plus the Taiwanese and the Koreans and its oversupplied, and frankly we took down the asset in Japan just recently. You saw us take down the TDI asset down in South America. Slide 25 really speaks to the fact that in the very near term, in performance materials in particular, we have to intervene on high cost assets in low growth jurisdictions. Now the one in Japan is a clear one. The one in South America, less clear, because Latin America is growing. So how do we actually bridge over to the low cost jurisdictions in developed markets and developing markets as the investment in Saudi Arabia and the investment in the U.S. Gulf Coast that actually bridges those over. In the meantime you can expect price action and price action may result in lost volume and lost volume may result in some more assets coming down. We are going to put a laser-like focus because we are unsatisfied, dissatisfied with the last two years of performance and it is creating headwinds that speak against the positive side of the Dow portfolio. That's the ROC focus. We are determined to fix those two businesses and do it in the short order.
Robert Koort: Can you help us to size the reduced propylene sales to Braskem? Is this meaningful for you from an earnings standpoint?
Andrew Liveris: Not at all. It was not a great contract, and we are okay to see it go.
Operator: We will take our next question from Hassan Ahmed with Alembic Global.
Hassan Ahmed: I wanted to chat a bit about the raw material side of things. Obviously one of the things that you have talked about is taking advantage of the low cost natural gas price regime here, ethane, in particular. One of the trends that seems to have popped up recently via a large North American methanol producer, is that they have structured a long term natural gas price contract. Now, are you looking into such things as well?
Andrew Liveris: So, Hassan, thank you for your question. So we have long said that given our large ethane buy in the United States and Canada we are the largest in North America as well as one of the two largest in the United States that we have several weapons in our arsenal to deal with the synthetic buy, the equity deals like the one announced by the methanol guy, that you talked about, or in fact just base contracts. We predicted that ethane would go long and it went longer much faster than even we predicted. As one of my slides in the presentation talked about, we believe ethane will go even longer and as a consequence of that we can afford to be patient and structure the right deals. The key for us is, we are unusual and that we have full access. We have pipelines now to all the key basins, short of the Conway, where everything else; Marcellus, all the ones down in Texas, the Eagle Ford, et cetera, we have full access. And every supplier wants to do a deal with us and we can be their anchor volume. But we have been very prudent in not anchoring too much of that volume in search of the better long-term deal and getting it struck at the right time. So, yes, that sort of deal, to answer your question, is not off the table but we are not going to strike too early until we are ready.
Hassan Ahmed: Fair enough. Thanks so much. And a follow-up, if I may. On the chloralkali side of things, obviously, it seems that in Q4 the numbers were quite good, but there's obviously some capacity coming online fairly soon. So what's your feel of the chloralkali market at least in the near-term?
Andrew Liveris: Well, I think caustic is steady. You saw the aluminum producers mentioning a 7% growth rate in 2013. That's as the macro start to recover in aerospace, et cetera. So price increases should start to take hold. The weakness there in, obviously the other side, and PVC market is softer since 2006, but there's increasing optimism reflective of the housing rebound in the United States. So, you could start to see an ECU cycle, like we have had in the past, where both sides show good strength. We are bringing on the Mitsui joint venture this year. That's a low cost asset. We are taking down old assets. So net-net it's the same but it's a low cost position. Mitsui is very excited about the U.S. Gulf Coast position. They believe they can sell out their 50% share to market, obviously, worldwide. That's a very big statement on the low cost position. And we believe, even for our chlorine, it will go all through our downstreams and start, to answer Bob Koort's earlier question about giving cost advantage of chlorine to epichlorohydrin and now propylene oxide down there which will start helping the profitability of epoxy and urethanes.
Operator: We will take our next question from Kevin McCarthy with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, good morning. Andrew, I want to ask about propylene. You have taken a lot of actions in recent years to address the position there. Can you update us on what your current long-short position is in propylene monomer? And given the surge of $0.15 per pound in the U.S. in January, do you think you can get enough price through in the coatings and performance materials segment to manage the margins there and restore them through 2013?
Andrew Liveris: Those I mean, you could build into the mix here. Bill, why don't you take that question?
William Weideman: The second question, and then I will have Andrew to touch on the first one. The second part of it in terms of the propylene increase. Right, as you know propylene has gone up about $0.15 in January and projected to go up another $0.05 in February. Just for an order of magnitude, that will increase our propylene cost about between $200 million and $250 million this quarter. That's given us a lot of momentum on prices and so we are aggressively moving prices. But we are obviously still early in the quarter to see if we can cover all of that. As you know, our performances businesses is a little bit of a lag, but we do have a lot of pricing momentum and we are moving the prices. So, its a bit early to call exactly how much of that we will cover this quarter, but again it has given us up of the minimum on prices.
Andrew Liveris: So one of the points you were making there is about, can we actually get ahead of the propylene guerilla as it goes through its volatility and what really hurts, to answer one of the early questions and to performance materials point as well as coatings is that lead lag, when propylene's moving quarter-to-quarter, very hard to get prudent price increases out there. Neither the paint companies nor anyone downstream in the industrial coatings area in the epoxy chain will take a price increase based on propylene going up if propylene then goes down within three months. So that really is what is really hurting our ability to get, not just inventory management, but even propylene driven price increases to stick. What helps all of that is improving demand and improving demand is what we will see definitely in the coatings chain. I have seen the paints companies, the ones who have announced already, they are seeing good demand. They have also started to talk about price increases in their part of the mix, their part of the chain. Remember we are not PPG. We are not a paint company. We are not Sherwin-Williams. Sometimes there is bad comparison done between our results and their results. We are suppliers to them. We need them to be healthy and growing so that gets price increases, so we can get price increases. At the moment, we feel positive about architectural coatings, in particular. Epoxy will continue to be oversupplied and frankly there needs to be capacity taken out and we believe that we have done some of it and others will do it as well.
Kevin McCarthy: Just a follow-up, second and final question for Bill. What is your capital expenditure budget for 2013 please?
William Weideman: It's a $2 billion down from $2.6 billion this year, or last year, 2012.
Operator: Our next question comes from Don Carson with Susquehanna International.
Don Carson: Good morning. Two questions. One is just the impact of Dow Corning this year, as I look at coatings and infrastructure and adjust for your write-offs, it looks like you got over $180 million of equity income there. What's your outlook for this year? How bad are things going to be at Dow Corning?
William Weideman: Yes, let me answer that. So, just to give you a little bit clarity on the change of 2012 versus 2011. Our share of Dow Corning's equity earnings in 2011 was approximately $400 million and our share of Dow Corning's equity earnings in 2012, excluding certain items, was $179 million. So, our share of Dow Corning equity earnings declined $224 million. So little over 50% between those 2011 and 2012, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, due to oversupply of polysilicon and then also weakening the solar market. So we have seen a substantial decline there. Now, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, Dow Corning has taken focused actions and they announced two restructuring programs in the fourth quarter. So they are very focused on hitting us head-on and maintaining their profitability. For the full year 2013 versus 2012, with these interventions and if we don't see any further decline in the market we believe for the full year '13 versus '12 their equity earnings will be similar in '13 versus '12, with maybe a little bit of downward pressure. So I think hopefully that answers your question.
Don Carson: Okay. Then, Andrew, as a follow-up, just wanted to clarify your chloralkali remarks. So, as Freeport starts up in mid-year, you will be taking down some of your older assets like Plaquemine. Will those be shut down permanently or do you still need some chlorine out of those to meet your eventual growth needs in chlorine derivatives?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, I did not make a statement on Plaquemine or doing that in Plaquemine at all. I was just talking more about lines in Freeport. So we will have more to say later this year about what we will do around Louisiana.
Operator: We will take our next question from Peter Butler with Glen Hill Investments.
Peter Butler: Good morning. Andrew, it's nice to hear once again that we are not going to be allocating cash to M&A. That's music to shareholders' ears. Could you give some guidance on the other cash flow numbers? You gave the CapEx, but what are you looking for in other items, sources and uses of funds this year and next?
Andrew Liveris: Peter, thanks. I will let Bill take that.
William Weideman: Yes, Peter. So from an overall standpoint, so you mentioned the CapEx will be coming down. We have also got also a very much of a focus on working capital. So we will be driving at working capital down. If you think about our overall cash from operations, as you know this year, our cash from operations was $4.1 billion. That was up from the prior year of $3.9 billion despite the fact that we had lower earnings. So going forward in 2013, you should expect our cash from operations to be north of $4 billion due to the interventions that we are taking. And that's going to come from our working capital focus, our lower CapEx spending, our gross spending is, as I mentioned in my comments, coming down a $100 million and then also discretionary spending of $200 million. So, we feel very confident that we are going to generate strong cash flow in 2013. That will give us the ability to continue to pay down debt, fund pension and also reward shareholders.
Andrew Liveris: And Pete, I just want to ride the back of a couple things said in the script, but they are very important to the way you asked the question. So, not only no M&A, but also deployment of cash to the balance sheet. So I have mentioned the Kuwait funds to the balance sheet, a very important statement. Second, Bill talked about divestments of $1 billion. We are accelerating those. To Bob Koort's earlier question, you can expect to see more action in the performance materials portfolio as we drive further and increase price and look at the unutilized assets and businesses that are not performing. Strong ROC focus, but a cash-driven ROC focus. We understand that we have huge upside on the performance plastics business and our Ag business. So, lots of cash being generated there. We can really prune R&D spending away from the medium to long-term and home in on those underperforming businesses and then home in and fine tune the portfolio. So, I expect deployment of cash to balance sheet and reward shareholder. That's our single biggest priority this year.
Peter Butler: Sounds good. Could I ask on the Ag chemicals, Andrew? How are the early orders looking? What sort of growth does that support?
Andrew Liveris: Well, right now, that business, as you know, almost hit $1 billion of EBITDA last year and had frankly a record year, a record year in sales and a record year in profit. The order book is looking very strong for farm solutions, this year being launched, one of the highest in the industry. We will do about 30% of the year's business in Q1 based on the order book, right now. So even crop protection, in advance of spring plantings in North America looks strong. Latin America was strong. Q4 looks strong. Q1 and so I would tell you that we are very, very bullish on our growth engine in Ag chemicals and Ag seed, traits and oils. Seed, traits and oils is now $1 billion business and actually starting to begin to turn the corner on profitability. It's reached critical mass. Very excited about that.
Operator: We will take our next question from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning, Andrew. Andrew, just on ethane, is this $0.25 per gallon price been a norm given long ethane and long propane going forward?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, as you know, we would very love to pick a number, but pick a range. I mean, obviously you have got rejection. On one side is the flow and then you have got the long supply that we have showed again in my presentation today and have long talked about, and we have got all the fractionators, when they are coming on line, what volumes they are going to bring and one would expect, David and it's foolhardy to forecast, but we are going to benefit from this 20-something number for few years to come. If it goes into the 30s, it will be due to aberrations, but we have always said, and back to Hassan's question, this is going to be a long ethane market for at least four or five years. Back half of the decade will go short again as all the capacity comes online and then at the tail end of the decade it will go long again. Frankly, wet gas in the United States, wet shale gas is a game changer in terms of competitiveness of U.S. based producers. Dow has $25 billion of its asset base in the United States that will benefit from not just the ethane side but the propane side. The propane side puts a ceiling on the ethane side because there's no real good use of the propane other than sending it overseas, which some of it will occur, but also propane dehydro and our propane dehydro will be a game changer to fix our propylene derivatives. Two big powerful positives of that one dynamic.
David Begleiter: And just lastly, Andrew, I know in the past propylene has spiked here. It has youre your propylene derivative exports to Asia. Is that occurring right now again?
Andrew Liveris: A little bit, but what we have done is deliberate decisions. Our business has decided, that's why their numbers in Asia were not so good in the fourth quarter. They have decided to keep it home because the returns are higher at home. Then on top of that they are raising prices because of the propylene point that was made earlier, plus more decent market dynamics. As we turn the corner, Q4 to Q1, coatings and polyurethanes are seeing better U.S. market dynamics. So price increases in those two businesses is the fix that was asked about earlier. Sustained propylene, at these levels, doesn't bother us if it stays somewhat predictable. That's of course one of the issues that I dealt with earlier. But we are more confident on the macros than, if you like, our macro planning suggests based on the evidence we see today especially in the U.S. and served markets and especially in China which I mentioned on TV this morning.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Hi, good morning. Can you tell me your expected pension funding for 2013 and your cash restructuring outlays that you expect for '13?
William Weideman: Sure, Jeff, this is Bill. So for our cash outflows and for our restructuring consistent what we communicated when we filed our 8-K in the fourth quarter is about $430 million, is the future cash flows associated with that. On the pension funding, as you know with the pension relief act, our required contributions on the pension fund go down over the next couple of years, about an average of about $350 million to $375 million. But for planning purposes, you should assume that we will continue to fund the pension plan in 2013 at the same level we did in 2012 which is roughly $900 million.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Okay, and then secondly on slide 19, you have domestic and global ethylene operating rates. For 2012, I think the chart shows an 88% global industry operating rate with the U.S. being at 89% but I think in your commentary, you also said that you thought Asia and Europe were in the 70s. So I was wondering if you can reconcile how the global rate can be so high in 2012 given the low rates in Asia and Europe?
Andrew Liveris: So the comments in the talk, thank you Jeff, the fourth quarter was in the 70s, not the whole year. That's a short answer to your question. So the average is what you see there on that slide. Fourth quarter, the pitch point was very high and then it started to recover as the pitch point declined and that was due to price increases in Europe, local price increases.
Operator: We will take our next question from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
Doug May: Lisa, there may be time for one more question there? We will make it P.J.?
P.J. Juvekar: So, Andrew you balance sheet remains leveraged, your net debt was up in 2012 and you announced this $1 billion of divestiture, but it seems small relative to your size. So my question is, why not monetize some of the joint ventures that are underperforming or even equate to clean up the balance sheet and pay off those preferreds?
Andrew Liveris: Well, of course, you are looking at the debt-to-total capture and the pension adjustment to the restructuring where, you remember our historic range, P.J., is 35% to 45%. So even with that massive pension headwind, now that was a $2.2 billion swing in pension funded status, and other companies have got it and so we are not alone, but clearly those are big numbers for us. To speak to your leverage, we have reduced debt by $600 million in last year. I think I was very clear on one of the other questions and even on my prepared marks. We are driven to take that number down not because of the range being absolutely anymore, 35% to 45%, but we think in this volatile macro world that we saw in full color in the second half of this year it's better to be closer to 35% than to 45%. So we will continue to deploy excess cash to debt pay down and of course retirement of the preferreds. We are obviously very keen to get the preferreds off the balance sheet but clearly they have to be priced. That price eventually has to make sense and we will work on that. Your point on more divestments inclusive of what may or may not happen in key joint ventures is definitely everything's on the table, P.J., to makes sure we stay on our earnings trajectory. Everything is on the table. We will portfolio and manage inclusive of more divestments so that we always put in place the best on our mindset of our businesses and continue to march on the earnings trajectory to $10 billion. So, I would say, anyway, to answer your question, yes.
P.J. Juvekar: Good, t hank you.
Andrew Liveris: Well, go ahead. One follow-up, P.J.?
P.J. Juvekar: Yes. So I just have a quick question on your commodity footprint in Europe and what can you do there particularly with your cracker in Tarragona, Spain? Thank you.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, Tarragona is, as you quite rightly point, the only full-fledged naphtha cracker that doesn't have flexibility. Our business is working on making that more competitive and decreasing the commodity footprint. I think no question that Europe, as I already indicated in my remarks, needs more rationalization, more margin improvement, more restructuring as time goes by, but we will manage that within our portfolio of management process. We don't have any big pay or big shoes to drop there P.J. We know what we have to do including the point you made on Tarragona.
Doug May: Good, thank you. Andrew, would you like to maybe close with a few comments.
Andrew Liveris: I think P.J.'s questions were right on what I was going to say at the end, which is, look, I think we are seeing a different type of market as the year ended. I think our portfolio and the cost restructuring that we put in place, we can count on those in 2013 as extra EBITDA. Dow's known for its operational excellence and its execution. We will intervene as if the market isn't going to recover but if the market does recover we have tailwinds that will help us a lot and we are seeing some of those as we turn the corner on the year, especially in United States and especially in Asia and the emerging world. In fact our price increases and our volume increases in some key businesses like the ones in performance materials and performance plastics are an actual margin enhancer as we go into the year. We lost $2 billion in price off the top line in the second half of last year and we have the Dow Corning weakness. Those are two big weights on the earnings last year that we have acted to fix and we are going to benefit from the cycle upswing and investments in feedstocks especially here in the United States and Saudi Arabia. So I believe that the company is very focused on execution and will deliver against its earnings targets. Thank you, Doug.
Doug May: Good, thank you everyone for your questions and for joining us this morning. We appreciate your interest in Dow. For your reference a copy of the prepared comments will be posted on Dow's website later today. This concludes our call and we look forward to speaking with you again soon. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Dow Chemical Company's Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Also, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Doug May, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Doug May: Yes, thank you, Candace. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. Thank you for joining us on such short notice and being flexible with your schedules. As you know, we issued our earnings press release yesterday evening, October 23. This was earlier than usual due to an inadvertent and premature release of our restructuring announcement. Both the restructuring release and the earnings release went out on Business Wire and were posted on the Internet on dow.com. We are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's express written consent is strictly prohibited. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are posted on our website on the Presentations page of the Investor Relations section and through the link to our webcast. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Dale Winger, Associate Director in Investor Relations. Now some of our comments today include statements about expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you'd like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and on our website. Unless otherwise specified, all comparisons presented today will be on a year-over-year basis. EBITDA, EBITDA margins and earnings comparisons exclude certain items. The agenda for today's call is on Slide 3, and I'll now hand the call over to Andrew.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Doug. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. If you turn to Slide 4, market dynamics in the third quarter played out in line with what we expected and outlined during the second quarter earnings call, and Dow's focus remained where we said it would. We controlled the controllable, and we accelerated cost and cash interventions to preserve our earnings targets and to stay on our strategic course. Our results were we delivered earnings per share of $0.42. Price was a large negative driver in our results, with broad-based declines driven by weak market conditions, significant downward movements in raw material costs and currency headwinds, particularly in Europe. On the positive side, our low-cost flexible feedstock advantage enabled us to drive volume growth across every geographic region, and we had volume gains in both Agricultural Sciences, up 7%, and Performance Plastics, up 5%. EBITDA was $1.8 billion, with equity earnings down nearly $115 million versus the year-ago period. Both Performance Plastics and Performance Materials expanded EBITDA margins this quarter. We also continued to drive cash from operations, delivering $1.1 billion during the quarter and a more-than-$650 million improvement year-to-date. Benefits from our previously announced cost and cash interventions also began to take hold, with operational expenses down more than $200 million sequentially. Lastly, our net debt to capitalization declined to 39.7%, in line with our previously announced target. As we enter the fourth quarter and then 2013, our interventions continue to gain momentum. And yesterday, you saw us take further action, expanding our efficiency improvements and cost-reduction actions by shutting down additional non-core assets both in Europe and in the United States; tightly prioritizing new business growth investments, curtailing both CapEx and growth spending; and reducing other general expenses. Our team is moving forward, unabated, with a renewed emphasis on execution, a revitalized focus on operational excellence and a commitment to delivering increasing cash flow, enhancing return on capital and driving earnings growth. These, and these alone, will be our focus for the next 12 months. I'll have much more to say on this in a moment. But first, let me turn it over to Bill for more detail on our financial and operating results.
William H. Weideman: Thank you, Andrew. I'd like to remind you that my comments today will be on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise noted. Sales volume and price comparisons are adjusted to exclude divestitures, and earnings comparisons are adjusted to exclude certain items. Now turning to Slide 6. Sales decreased 10% or 7% on an adjusted basis to $13.6 billion. EBITDA was $1.8 billion and earnings were $0.42 per share. This compares with earnings of $0.69 per share in the same quarter last year or adjusted earnings of $0.62 per share. The key drivers of our operating performance are listed on Slide 7. As Andrew noted, we saw significant pricing pressure during the quarter, down 9%, with declines in all geographies and most operating segments. Recessionary conditions persisted in Europe, where Dow faced ongoing currency headwinds totaling more than $520 million. These dynamics offset the benefit of decreasing hydrocarbon energy costs during the quarter. The declining equity income was driven largely by Dow Corning. And finally, our tax rate in the quarter was 28%, reflecting a shift in our geographic mix of earnings due to stronger profitability from our U.S. footprint. We expect a similar mix of earnings in the fourth quarter, so our effective tax rate should remain in this range. Now let me turn to volume trends on Slide 8. Overall, volume rose 2% on an adjusted basis. Volume was up in all geographic regions and most operating segments. Within Performance Plastics, Dow Elastomers reported double-digit volume growth due to strong customer demand in NORDEL. Performance Packaging recorded gains in all geographic areas, led by Asia-Pacific and North America. And Agricultural Sciences continued to show demand strength even in the seasonally slow quarter due to solid industry fundamentals. And now let me turn to price trends on Slide 9. Price declined 9% in the quarter. Currency headwinds accounted for 4% of this decline. Price decreased double digits in most businesses. However, we did see some pricing improvement as the quarter progressed. I'll share more on this in a moment. Now turning to our operating segments, starting with Electronic and Functional Materials on Slide 10. Recovery in electronics continues to be slow due to lower growth in China and ongoing uncertainty in Europe. Despite these dynamics, smartphone and tablet demand remained strong, fueling support for Dow Semiconductor Technologies. In Functional Materials, revenue declined overall as global uncertainty dampened sales. Looking to the fourth quarter, we expect a decline based on normal seasonality in Functional Materials, but the segment should perform slightly better than last year. We also expect year-over-year growth in Electronic Materials to gain traction in 2013 as new product launches take hold in the industry. Turning to Coatings and Infrastructure Solutions. Dow Coating Materials reported lower sales as a result of declining prices. These declines were partially offset by volume gains in nearly all regions. Industrial Coatings reported double-digit volume growth due to market share gains in traffic paint and paper coatings. However, broad-based price declines more than offset this benefit. EBITDA was down in this segment versus same quarter last year due to lower equity earnings from Dow Corning, lower profitability in Dows Water and Process Solutions business as a result of a pause in infrastructure investments, particularly in China, an ongoing weakness in construction in Europe and the realization of insurance claims in the year-ago period associated with the tsunami in Japan. Looking forward, we expect sales and EBITDA to continue to be down year-over-year due to a slow recovery in the building and construction industry and lower equity earnings from Dow Corning due to continued weakness in polysilicon. Now moving to Agricultural Sciences. The segment delivered record third quarter sales, reaching new milestones in both Crop Protection and Seeds, Traits and Oils, driven by farmer demand for new technologies. Double-digit volume gains in North America and Latin America propelled volume growth in this segment on a year-over-year basis. EBITDA was down slightly versus the year-ago period as the business continued to invest in future growth. Looking to the fourth quarter, we expect this segment will see a seasonal rebound with increased sales in Latin America of both Crop Protection and Seeds and Traits. Now turning to Performance Materials. EBITDA improved both year-over-year and sequentially. In fact, versus the prior quarter, EBITDA was up $140 million and margins expanded 400 basis points. The sequential profitability increase was driven primarily by polyurethane due to continued growth with strategic customers in epoxy, which regained share in liquid epoxy resins. In addition, both businesses captured the benefit of turnarounds completed in the prior quarter. Dow Oil and Gas delivered a strong performance, reporting double-digit sales gains versus the year-ago period. And Polyglycols, Surfactants and Fluids and Formulated Systems also exited the quarter with solid results, both posting EBITDA records. Looking forward, we expect Performance Materials to be down sequentially, in line with normal seasonality. Now moving to Performance Plastics on Slide 12. The segment grew margins nearly 300 basis points over the year-ago period despite lower sales. Volume was up across all businesses, with double-digit gains in end-market-oriented businesses such as Elastomers, Electrical and Telecommunications and Hygiene and Medical. The segment continued to benefit from a strong feedstock advantage in the Americas. However, this positive impact was partially offset by low naphtha-based margins in Europe and Asia-Pacific. I'd like to pause here and provide some additional granularity around pricing in Performance Packaging. As you know, the industry experienced significant pricing pressure entering the quarter. It appears, though, pricing bottomed in July. As we moved through the quarter, we saw month-over-month price increases across all geographies. This segment will continue to benefit from solid margins due to our advantaged light feedstock positions, but naphtha-based ethylene margins will continue to be challenged. And finally, Feedstocks and Energy reported a 13% decline in sales. Price declines in chlor-vinyl resulted in lower sales due to weak PVC market fundamentals. In addition, the year-ago shutdown at Dow's VCM assets in Louisiana drove volume declines in the business. Caustic Soda recorded year-over-year volume growth, offset by a decline in price. Looking ahead, we expect fourth quarter earnings to be flat versus the year-ago period in this segment. Now I'd like to cover a few additional financial highlights on Page 13. Our continued focus on working capital and discretionary spending enabled us to deliver $1.1 billion in cash from operations this quarter and a $650 million increase year-to-date. This quarter, we made pension contributions totaling nearly $340 million, bringing us to more than 90% of our expected contributions for 2012. And our net debt to total capitalization declined to 39.7%, which puts us in line with our previously stated targets. And now I'd like to turn it back over to Andrew.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Bill. I would actually like to address now Dow's earnings growth trajectory and the targets we've been tracking against over these last several years, if you look at Slide 15. At last year's Investors Day, we reiterated our earnings roadmap, showing how we plan to achieve our near-term EBITDA targets. And we said that if we encountered a down cycle that could take us off our trajectory, we would respond. The new reality is that the down cycle we are all seeing and experiencing means further interventions and prioritization is required in our cost and cash spending trajectory. Simply put, we have to ramp up our interventions and stop future growth projects that are no longer affordable in this environment. Turn to Slide 16. In addition, we now have an opportunity with our new operating model, which allows us to leverage Dow's traditional operating discipline into all parts of the Dow enterprise, thus yielding new efficiencies and savings. The entirety of this cost-savings program and details including further interventions in Europe were, indeed, announced yesterday. And if you turn to Slide 17, you can see our total program. They began one year ago with our efforts to ramp up our efficiencies and productivity in a then down market through an intense focus on our work processes and our procurement activities that then gained momentum in April, when we took focused actions to reduce our structural footprint, particularly in Western Europe. And in July, we announced plans to expand our cost-reduction targets. And now with our latest significant restructuring action, we're further expanding this drive, with new interventions totaling $1 billion. Collectively, this brings our actions in total to $2.5 billion. Let me be clear. All of these interventions have been deployed. They're all fully in motion, so let me provide an update on every component of them, if you turn to Slide 18. As you know, our Efficiency for Growth program accelerated throughout the year, and the results from this program have met our expectations and our 2012 targets. Results from this program are now firmly embedded and will primarily benefit Dow through lower cost of sales as we continue to drive productivity moving forward. Also, because the program is largely focused on reliability and enhancing productivity, for example, by liberating additional pounds from our existing assets, we expect this to serve as an ongoing source of competitive advantage and an enabler of future growth as markets rebound and as volumes begin to rise, enabling Dow to grow with its customers. Our full attention is now focused on delivering the $1.75 billion of cash and cost reductions that are currently underway and were, in fact, ramped up by yesterday's actions. Let me provide some further detail. The measures we took in April to adjust our footprint in response to new European market realities targeted $250 million in cost savings on a run rate basis. These actions are very much on track. And now with our latest restructuring announcement, we are further expanding our cost-reduction targets, shutting down nearly 20 manufacturing facilities and streamlining Dow's organizational structure. In addition, we have announced significant steps to reduce CapEx spending in 2013 to dial back new business growth investments and to further curtail discretionary spending. In total, we anticipate annual cost and cash savings of $1.75 billion on a run rate basis by the end of 2014. If you turn to Slide 19, importantly, we expect to deliver a $1 billion impact next year alone: $500 million of EBITDA and $500 million in CapEx savings. This speaks clearly to Dow's renewed commitment to operating discipline, streamlining our operations, eliminating structure and focusing our growth investments. So let's turn to Slide 20, where I want to be very clear on this last point. We are not abandoning all growth projects. In light of the current environment, we are taking a more near-term and pragmatic approach, dialing back spending and programs in industries where policy and industry fundamentals have altered the value proposition, such as in alternative energy and where positive returns are in the far distant future. However, we fully maintain our commitment to funding projects where Dow's differentiation is rewarded even in a weak market environment and margin growth opportunities are more secure. Take, for example, our U.S. Gulf Coast projects, where Dow is investing in de-bottlenecking and new capacity in advantaged feedstocks. Our St. Charles cracker is on track to come online at the end of this year and reduce ethylene purchases by approximately half in that region, generating roughly $150 million of EBITDA in 2013. And our PDH project in Texas remains firmly on track. We have signed a technology license, engineering work is in progress and contracts are in place. Together, our U.S. Gulf Coast investments are high-return projects and will significantly strengthen Dow's profitability, lifting margins for downstream businesses such as Performance Plastics, Performance Materials and Coatings and Infrastructure Solutions. And then there's Sadara, our game-changing joint venture in Saudi Arabia. This project is on track and will deliver high-margin growth for decades to come by supplying customer demand in high-growth emerging regions. Turning to Slide 21. We are also moving forward with investments in businesses and sectors where our differentiated technologies are winning, and Dow businesses are demonstrating a higher return on invested capital. The fact of the matter is even in the midst of difficult macro conditions, differentiated products will win market share. Take, for example, our Electronic Materials' new Lightscape Materials phosphor technology, which recently enabled us to capture a new customer relationship during the quarter, broadening our footprint in an important market. Or in Performance Plastics, where today, we are announcing expansion plans for our high-margin, high-growth NORDEL technology, leveraging strong U.S. feedstock dynamics to bringing worldscale capacity that addresses increasing global demand for EPDM in automotive and infrastructure cable markets. And then there's Dow AgroSciences. This quarter, we commercialized POWERCORE, a significant milestone for our Latin American corn business. And just last week, we received our first registration for Enlist in Canada in both corn and soybeans, with registration in the United States on track. Taken on the whole, Dow is still one of the industry's most robust arsenals of technology and solutions. However, given the current macro environment, we must and are calibrating our strategic agenda against these new realities. We are carefully evaluating projects, making intelligent, purposeful decisions to dial back initiatives where high near-term resource requirements are coupled with backloaded returns and NPVs. Let's turn to Slide 22. Moving forward, you should expect to hear more from us about how we will generate maximum value from our assets with a renewed capital allocation strategy that carefully considers what each business needs to sustain and improve its competitive advantage while generating higher returns for our shareholders and achieving the earnings targets shown on this slide. For example, in Coatings and Infrastructure, we recognize clear opportunities to improve our return on capital. Demand from the construction industry is still far below 2007, 2008 levels, which has led to fierce competition in both volume and price. In this environment, we recognize that we must be even more prudent with growth spending and competitive with our cost position and technology offerings. In contrast, our Performance Plastics business generates very high returns today. The scale and location of our crackers gives this business outstanding feedstock advantage and integration benefits, as well as our technology advantage portfolio, which is clearly tilted towards high-margin end user applications, such as in Elastomers and Hygiene and Medical franchises. All this uniquely positions us to pursue growth as economic recovery eventually gains traction. And finally, there's our Performance Materials business, which, as you saw this quarter, is beginning to realize the structural cost benefits of the portfolio management actions we are taking to improve the returns in this group of businesses. Portions of this segment are highly specialized and are already delivering healthy margins, such as in Polyglycols, Surfactants and Fluids, Oxygenated Solvents and Oil and Gas. Other components, such as our polyurethanes franchise, compete in more commodity-like segments, and here, we are taking specific, focused steps to enhance our structural footprint and improve profitability. Before we wrap up, I want to underscore our priorities moving forward on Slide 24. Today, Dow is a strong company, and we are relentlessly driving the implementation of our long-term strategy and our near-term earnings targets despite the challenges facing our world. The reality is that we cannot keep funding a wide spectrum of opportunities in a world where markets are volatile and, in many cases, receding. I am acutely aware that we need to demonstrate that Dow can deliver against its earnings targets and ensure we achieve the minimum of $8 billion EBITDA that we described a year ago. There can and will be no excuses. We are intervening fully to focus, to generate cash and to deliver against these targets. The third quarter began to show the results of these interventions. We are working on and taking actions on what we can control with a laser-like focus on return on capital. And the entire executive committee, including myself as its leader, are accountable for staying on the 5-year earnings trajectory we detailed to all of you. We have delivered under more adverse conditions than these, and we will continue to do so. And our priorities on use of cash also are clear: pay down debt, increasingly reward our shareholders and fund prioritized growth. So Slide 25. On December 3, we will host our Investor Forum, where the executive committee and I will provide more granularity on these priorities, which are growing EBITDA, generating positive cash and driving higher return on capital. We hope you will join us. With that, Doug, let's turn it to Q&A.
Doug May: Thank you, Andrew. Now we'll move on to your questions. First, however, I'd like to remind you that our comments regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply both to our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Candace, would you please explain the Q&A procedure?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David L. Begleiter: Andrew, given the recent news on MLPs, can you discuss how Dow is looking at the opportunity to drop certain [indiscernible] ethylene assets into an MLP structure?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. Lots of publicity on this, and obviously, a very narrow-focused application, David, to the one that's been announced and the IRS commented on. We are looking at ways to generate higher value from our assets using these structures, have been doing so for a while. On existing assets, it's a little more difficult because of our integration. These are best done when their pure play cracker slash 1 or 2 downstreams. And it's not clear that they applied or anything other than, right now, the olefin world. In other words, the step forward down the value chain beyond oil and gas to olefins is what you are now all seeing. Look, it could be quite favorable to do it on some of our newer projects. We're open, and clearly, we want to generate more value. And if this is a genuine mechanism that can apply to us, we will deploy.
David L. Begleiter: And lastly, Andrew, on the $10 billion longer-term EBITDA target, do these interventions increase that potential long term or just maintain that?
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, there's a couple of things I'd say there. Firstly, as we said last year, the trajectory to get to $10 billion had a view towards the minimum of $8 billion in a reasonable, normalized world. We are far from a reasonable, normalized world. We are a slow-growth world, and so the protection of the $8 billion going to the $10 billion is what you're just seeing from these interventions. But remember, the way to the $10 billion includes what you saw in the quarter. We have low feedstock cost locations. We are bringing St. Charles on. We are doing more work to de-bottleneck next year some of our other crackers. We are increasingly moving more ethane and propane into our cracking slate. That will go long for the next several years as we lock in some contract positions of these shale gas plays and ultimately, when we build the new cracker. So the road to $10 billion and beyond has a substantial component built in based on the low-cost feedstock cost position we now have. And inclusive of late next year, probably early the following year, in a slow-growth world, you'll start to see the ethylene cycle.
Operator: We'll take our next question from P.J. Juvekar with Citibank.
P.J. Juvekar: You talked a lot about cost cutting and restructuring, and are you -- you didn't talk much about divestitures of any non-core holdings. Do you have any plans to divest anything? Because I think that could really shore up your balance sheet quickly.
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, look, as you know, in the '08, '09 time frame, we divested over $5 billion of assets, and we did it at very good prices and cleaned up the commodity part of our portfolio very well in so doing. And as we did all that, we had a strong, hard look at businesses that A, don't fit strategy, and B, don't fit returns. There's no question, P.J., that we are continuing that work. On December 3, you'll hear us say a little more about that. The focus on return on capital is acute. The lens we'll put on a lot of these businesses will be acute. You'll see us have a few things to say about divestments. It won't be as big as the numbers that I used for the '08, '09 period. And most importantly, remember, we're very integrated. So a propylene chain and a chlorine chain and an ethylene chain is very hard to divest as strategic plays. So what you're going to see is not integrated businesses that may not fit the return on capital criteria, and we have a few of those. And we'll talk more about that on December 3. We chose not to announce it in this particular restructuring because we're, frankly, not ready.
P.J. Juvekar: Okay. And then just sticking to that, the restructuring, you're cutting back on growth spending and R&D, which may not be such a bad thing, but Dow typically hasn't done that. So sort of can you tell us what led you to that decision?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. Very clearly, we looked at what the world is bringing us in terms of not just demand drivers but also policy drivers, and we believe that the world of alternative energy is going to dial down and will dial down because the world can't afford alternative energy and subsidies right now. So we're trimming back extensive reviews of our growth playbook against demand drivers, growth in those demand drivers or absence of them. And then clearly, what I said in the script, backloaded NPVs, where the EBITDA, positive EBITDA is far in the future and the burn rate is too high in the next 5 years, we believe we can save that for another day and another time. We have plenty of growth to fund. I've said it; we don't need M&A. We have lots of internal things to fund. Our sharper focus on prioritization in a slow-growth world is prudent portfolio management. For your first question, which is to put some money back into the balance sheet, to reduce debt, to really return to our shareholders cash that we'll generate, and we can still fund prioritized growth without funding all growth.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Hassan Ahmed with Alembic Global.
Hassan I. Ahmed: I was taking a quick look at your Performance Plastics numbers, and despite the sort of naphtha-based cracker headwinds, I would imagine out in Asia and Europe, the EBITDA seems to be relatively flat, be it on a year-over-year or quarter-over-quarter basis. I just wanted to get a sense of how much, be it year-on-year or quarter-on-quarter, was Asia and Europe a drag to this quarter's results?
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, clearly, our naphtha-based crackers in Europe, we have 3 very large ones there, and the feedstock flex in some of them is only as good as LPG coming from North Africa, which is oil equivalent pricing, so you really don't get a benefit in terms of what you can get now here in the United States with propane, for example. Tarragona, Terneuzen to and Dow Central Germany crackers ran hard, but these were barely positive cash margins. So with 1/3 of the cracker base in that position, P.J., that gives you a sense. We're not alone. Some of our competitors have the same issues. Some of our competitors are announcing moving some ethane across the ocean, which is a very technically challenging thing to do. I do think what -- the shutdown of Tessenderlo is a good example of our review of the value chains there and we're not done. I think what's going to happen here is Europe is recalibrating to new demand drivers. As Sadara comes online, we'll have cost-advantaged feedstocks that will import into Europe, and that will give us cause to continue to evaluate whether we keep some of those crackers running. But remember this, these are crackers of scale. We do have LPG flex. We are the lowest cost of the highest cost positions in Europe. So therefore, we should be the last to shut down. But frankly, what we're going to see in the next 5 years in Europe is in, my belief, more shutdowns and more idlings because you can't keep running at these slim margins. And so it is a drag, but frankly, the work we're doing to improve our position in the United States and Canada and Argentina will continually show up in the bottom line, as I mentioned with the St. Charles cracker. So a drag a little bit for now, but we are an ethylene play despite what others are writing. We can be a strong ethylene play because we have the scale that the others do not.
Hassan I. Ahmed: Very good. And a slightly sort of different topic, it seems that for the second time this year, the parliament in Kuwait has been dissolved. So I just wanted an update in light of all these political goings-on on the settlement, the payment of the settlement.
Andrew N. Liveris: Look, things are moving very much in a methodical, professional, legal jurisdiction as they should. You'd expect an award of this size to be appealed; it was. We're very pleased with the high courts decision to reject the appeal. This confirms the sanctity of the ICC arbitration process, and the tribunal's unanimous decision in favor of Dow. This basically says that its unanimous decision protects the $2.16 billion award plus interest, plus fees. The interest clock is ticking every single day. We believe Kuwait will honor the decision. It's a country that belongs to the nations of the world. It is not a rogue nation. This award is final and binding and finally, at its last step, non-appealable, even on the process. And we believe there will be payment no matter what happens in Kuwait. And frankly, if Kuwait doesn't pay this, it'll look very bad with respect to any other foreign investment it ever wants to attract into the country and they know that.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our next question from Frank Mitsch, Wells Fargo Securities.
Frank J. Mitsch: I noticed your comments this morning on CNBC regarding when you were back in China in March and you had seen some turbulence ahead, and obviously, we're seeing that play out now. So given your -- given the crystal ball on that, obviously, I've got to ask you about your crystal ball for Q3 and beyond. What are you seeing -- well, first off, we're towards the end of the month here. What are you seeing in the third quarter to date -- I'm sorry, in the fourth quarter to date in terms of demand, particularly in Europe and Asia? Are we seeing Europe continuing to slide? Can you offer some more commentary on that?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. As I said on CNBC, the China downturn was fairly dramatic. I was actually watching some other results today and the last few days and the last week, and now everyone is talking about it. So I think we were quite prescient in talking about was going on in China. And given the fact that I do get there a lot, we all get there a lot, we listen very carefully to our customer base. And the one troubling statistic out of China in the last many months has been the lack of liquidity of the small mediums, which has really hurt the manufacturing base of China. What's happening in this current day and these next many months, we believe, Frank, is we're starting to see liquidity come back to the small mediums, so that is, in essence, the stimulus thats starting to take hold again. So you're seeing some stabilization of the manufacturing base, and frankly, that's also the big ticket items that they're spending on. Big infrastructure items are coming back into play. We don't directly sell into that, so we're not seeing that in our supply chain yet. But we are seeing the uptick in small mediums, and frankly, we've got a couple of signals there, Frank. One of them is price. We're starting to get price increases, and Bill mentioned that in his script. And when you flip over to Europe, Europe is, of course, a very troubled region, but there are pockets where we are starting to see some light, and Germany is leading this, and frankly, that's also price. We're starting to see some price take hold in some businesses, in particular, in Germany. So right now, I would say the trajectory of the last many quarters seems to have been arrested because China seems to be, let's call it, stabilizing, which is a word I really believe is what's happening. I don't think we're going to see much of it by year end because of what happens with destocking and the Chinese New Year, but it does speak to a first half where China is back and maybe Europe is still weak. And if the U.S. plays out the post-November hand well, we should see the first half beginning to be better and maybe 2013, by the second half, being a better finish than what we currently would have said maybe a quarter ago.
Frank J. Mitsch: That's very helpful. And Andrew, you mentioned pockets of opportunity in Europe, and I noticed, obviously, your volumes were up 3% in the third quarter. Where would you ascribe most of that taking place? Because that, obviously, was somewhat of a surprise.
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, I'll let Bill get into the mix here. Bill, why don't you start off, and if I have to round off anything, I will.
William H. Weideman: Yes. We actually saw volume growth in Performance Materials in Europe, also Performance Plastics and actually, Coatings and Infrastructure, but that was all primarily Eastern Europe. Western Europe still remains very strong. If you look at -- I mean, Western Europe, very weak. If you look at Eastern Europe, so we did see reasonable volume, as you mentioned. It was primarily in Performance Materials, Coatings and Infrastructure and Performance Plastics. But unfortunately, that was offset by a significant decline in price.
Andrew N. Liveris: And I would just add that the U.S. low-cost position can't be understated or overstated [indiscernible], which is we have an ability to run the machines flat out here in the U.S. and export, and that's because of the low-cost position. And that helps volume gains in Latin America and, for that matter, even in Asia-Pacific.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas: In your restructuring effort, where you plan to restructure 20 plants, in rough terms, what are the revenues of those 20 plants and the EBITDA? And what percentage is Europe?
Andrew N. Liveris: Bill?
William H. Weideman: Yes, I don't -- we have to follow up that offline. I don't have the exact sales and EBITDA. But I will tell you, it would not be -- it's not going to be significant because these are -- these assets were particularly identified because they were lower-return assets, and we're not going to -- I can just tell you, we're not going to lose any sales because we have enough other capacity to handle that. So actually, these will have very little impact on both the top line and the bottom line as far as our existing revenue base.
Andrew N. Liveris: And several of them, Jeff, were MBD projects, which means they were negative EBITDA margins because of high front-end investment burn rates. So that actually will be quite accretive by taking them out of the mix.
William H. Weideman: I might add, and if you look at the breakdown, I think you have the [indiscernible], a big portion of that is Europe, in particular, and the people-side also. It's highly focused on the dynamics we're currently facing in Europe.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas: And so for my follow-up, is it fair to say that Europe is less of a strategic priority for Dow over a longer period of time? I think your revenues are maybe 34% European. Five years from now, do you think it will be 30% or 25% or some number like that?
Andrew N. Liveris: Really, from the mid-'90s, Jeff, I think Dow's management back then was prescient in taking over the boomer [ph] sites [indiscernible] and creating Dow Central Germany. If you look at the growth in Dow Europe in the last many years, it's all been Eastern Europe and exports from those facilities to Russia, et cetera. Those are advantaged location facilities, not necessarily advantaged feedstock. But also, over time, they're more commodity-like than the specialty mix that we have. So I think you're partly right. I think over time, Europe will start to look more like the U.S. and China do to us right now, which is in China, 85% of our revenues are from our downstream businesses. In the United States, 70% are from our downstream businesses. Europe will recalibrate to that. So it might go down before it goes up, but it will stay on strategy. And most of it will be because of high-end downstream markets, whether it be energy efficiency in buildings, whether it be work we're doing in some of the downstream Electronic Materials businesses. It'll be that sort of growth. It'll be margin growth, not revenue growth.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: A question on working capital. Presumably, we'll see this when your Q comes out and the cash flow statements in it, but can you kind of give us a high-level view of what you're doing to improve the cash generation and just give us a sense of why this is sustainable for the long term?
William H. Weideman: Yes, this is Bill. I can answer that. So we are continuing to focus very much on working capital. If you actually look at our working capital, actually, you see the Q versus same quarter last year, our working capital is an improvement of $200 million. And as you know, working capital is a use of funds for Dow in the first half of the year just given the seasonality of our businesses, and it's a source of cash flow in the second half of the year. So you should see a strong cash flow generation from working capital in the fourth quarter. But we look at all that, efficiencies on payables, keeping our inventories at the minimum levels that we need in receivables. So we have actions across all those fronts, and you'll continue to see us make improvements in working capital.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And just as a follow-up to that, I notice on Slide 22, you've got the GDP multipliers there, and I'm just wondering if -- well, clearly, as we all know, in slower-growth mode. So to what extent do those normalized multipliers maybe need to be adjusted lower? And maybe we can circle that back to working capital. You're obviously trying to manage your working capital. We've all seen de-stocking and so forth through the chain globally over the last year. So how do we have to think about multipliers and customer inventory levels and whether we ever get back to what was once considered normalized?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. I mean, the multipliers, I don't think -- we don't believe are challengeable right now. It's really the GDP numbers themselves. That's what we mean by slow growth. Lots of evidence out there in our emerging world countries. For example, our growth in China or Brazil, or pick your favorite emerging country where those multipliers are holding true at the high end, and really, it's the developed world -- I think the developed world will be 1x its GDP or a little bit less, which is what's built into these assumptions. So we don't believe the multipliers are challengeable on these businesses right now. I mean, take a look at agriculture, for example, which is definitely exhibiting a 1.5 multiple based on developed world drivers. So I'm -- we're confident that, that will hold true.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Duffy Fischer with Barclays.
Duffy Fischer: You talked about the Taft 2 restart being accretive about $150 million of EBITDA next year, and if you just do the math, that looks like it calculates out to about $0.175 a pound. I'm assuming that plant is smaller scale, probably not as profitable as your average pound in the U.S. So $0.20 or so, is that a fair estimate for kind of what you guys are baking in for next year for cracker economics?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, that's pretty close, your analysis on Taft. St. Charles restarted. Its a smaller cracker, but clearly, that $0.17 is low side and $0.20, $0.20-something, make versus buy, is clearly that sort of delta.
Duffy Fischer: Okay, great. And then you had mentioned a little bit the ethane potentially going to Europe off the Mariner East. I'm sure you guys have looked at that as well. Can you kind of talk about the probability of doing shipments of ethane to Europe, what the cost economics look like from a buyer's perspective? And then do you think that will at all alter the ethane balances in the U.S.?
Andrew N. Liveris: On the last one first, we don't believe this is way too small and way too much of a capital barrier for most, and the reason for that is if you don't have ethane cracking capability already there which the company that's doing it does in U.K. crackers, then you have to convert, and converting furnaces makes less sense. The furnace capital cost alone, let alone the dedicated vessel, the terminals, the pipelines, et cetera, just is such too huge a capital barrier to overcome on dedicated ethane shipping. I mean, there's been ethane available around the world for a long time. It hasn't moved for a reason, and so this is it basically. Our own cracker base in Europe, I mentioned Terneuzen earlier, we have LPG cracking there, but for us to do it versus do the crack here and ship the finished product, it makes much better sense if there had been better infrastructure over here. I think it's a dislocated stranded situation that we're seeing and more one-off than systemic.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Mark Connelly with CLSA. Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division A different question on the multipliers, Andrew. It looks like your Advanced Materials business's multipliers are in the 1.5% to 2% GDP range. But the volatility in Electronics and Coatings is obviously much higher than that, with 8% to 9% decline. So my question isnt whether the multipliers are right, but whether your plans are going to address the kind of volatility that we're seeing. Second question is, of course, we didn't get the very popular heat map, and I wondered if you could give us a sense of what that might have looked like.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. Well, not on the phone call. We'll follow up with you on specifics, but clearly, on your first point, the volatility in Electronics is all the reasons you know. And long before we were in the business, it was well understood by anyone in this business, which is the, if you like, the short-cycle industry that it is. Short cycle not only in terms of consumption pattern: Christmas buys, holiday buys, all the things that go with the sorts of goods that consumer electronics are but also cannibalization. You have to -- there's an invent cycle and a commercialization cycle much different to many of the product lines that we're in. Because of that, you have to be there with your customer, growing with the winning customers and growing in the winning markets, and frankly, we have that sort of business. I mean, now our exposure to semiconductors versus our exposure, if you like, to Interconnect Technologies versus our exposure to OLED versus our exposure to solid-state drivers versus tablets and smartphones, and if you look at the mix of things we have, we're growing in the growth product, in other words, the downstream product. And tablets and smartphones are what are growing, and they'll continue to grow. But it is a portfolio management that you have to get used to because we're going to see a downside on the semiconductor side, and the upside in smartphones and tablets are going to have to mitigate against the downside in the semiconductors that fuel them, and that's basically being part of winning customers. We keep winning with our investment in R&D here, and I've said that in the script. We are going to continue to fund Electronic Materials in winning technologies. Heat map, look, one thing we want to articulate to all of our owners, we're very focused on execution and delivering against these macros. You may say we are the economy. Many people think we are. That's why the heat map's popular because we see the economy. I do believe we called it earlier than most. Some of you didn't like us calling it earlier than most, but we did, and we acted against it. That's the key point. We're executing. I already answered Frank Mitsch in terms of outlook. We'll give you some more granularity offline if that's okay.
Operator: We'll take our next question from John McNulty from Crdit Suisse.
Alina Khaykin: This is actually Alina Khaykin sitting in for John. Andrew, a question. We know that you don't give explicit EPS guidance for any of the years, but can you give us a sense of how to think about earnings growth for next year given all the moving parts, whether it's macro, cost cutting and some secular growth in there as well?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, we -- as you quite rightly said, we don't give guidance, and we give velocity of EBITDA, and we give it in a sense of what can you expect near term versus what can you expect for the engine to produce under normalized growth conditions, normalized GDP growth conditions. And we have a $15 billion EBITDA medium-term target and a $10 billion way stop. What we've said a year ago is that we'll protect $8 billion as foundational. Coming off that trajectory in the last quarter or 2 is something that we've intervened on. You can rest assured that we are driven to intervene and get us to the $8 billion minimum, get us to $10 billion through the 2 mechanisms I've articulated on this call, which is the interventions, which is substantial EBITDA generators and cash generators next year and the year after, 2013, 2014, and the low cost drivers embedded in the ethane, propane feedstock advantage we have in the United States. Those 2 things alone will get us to the $10 billion in the next several years. Which year? That's guidance; I can't give you that.
William H. Weideman: Andrew, if I may just add a comment, so that's -- if you look at -- I'd point you also to Slide 19 because that was specifically to try to answer a bit of that question. So when you look at the EBITDA impact to the $500 million additional, that is '13 versus '12, so that is incremental EBITDA improvement. So that might also help you a little bit, too.
Operator: Yes. We'll take our next question from Kevin McCarthy from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin W. McCarthy: I just wanted to ask about Performance Materials. You had a nice sequential profit rebound there after a lower second quarter. [Technical Difficulty]
Doug May: Andrew, maybe I'll turn it back over to you to make some comments, and we'll close the call.
Operator: And Kevin McCarthy is back now into the queue.
Kevin W. McCarthy: I promise I didn't have my mute on. I just wanted to ask you about Performance Materials. You had a nice rebound sequentially after a softer second quarter, obviously, very diverse segment. And it seems to me you've got a lot of moving parts lately with TDI, plant shutdown in Brazil, PO coming up in Thailand, some raw material volatility. So if we boil all that down, I was wondering if you could just share some thoughts about the outlook for 4Q and general expectations for that business in 2013.
Andrew N. Liveris: So I think the portfolio moves in Performance Materials are very deliberate and very surgical. You mentioned TDI as a clear example. One thing you've got to keep remembering about Performance Materials is the remedy of Performance Materials is embedded in Sadara and propane dehydrogenation in the U.S. So back-integrating into propane gave us propylene competitiveness for a lot of that mix, as well as, of course, the Sadara back-integration not just in PO but also in isocyanates. These businesses which are fundamentally U.S.-based have been competitively disadvantaged for some time in terms of export. And so the margin generation going from a steady state of currently 12%, 13% EBITDA margin, there's a 500 basis point improvement in those 2 investments alone in 2 years from now, 2, 2.5 years from now when they all start up. So in essence, portfolio management between now and then will give us a few percentage points of margin. What's that? Shutting down some epoxy assets, shutting down some of these PU assets you referenced, consolidation of our PU systems footprint, which was part of this restructuring. These are all very positive actions to improve EBITDA margin. The other thing is Joe Harlan and his team are leading price-volume optimization and maximization, and this is where the return on capital driver will be key. We'll start shedding low-end business over time and getting out of some other sites over time in an orderly way. But between now and the realized margins on Slide 22, which is 15% to 18%, the biggest bridge is this backward integration in raw materials. You can expect to see sequential improvement in these next many quarters because of the short-term actions Joe and his team are taking.
Kevin W. McCarthy: It's very helpful. If I may, I wanted to add one clarification, Andrew, on your earlier comments related to the revised capital budget. If I look at Slide 20, it was my general impression that you're still quite committed to U.S. Gulf Coast projects in general.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes.
Kevin W. McCarthy: I heard the comments about St. Charles and PDH. I apologize if I missed it, but are you still also committed to the worldscale ethane-based ethylene cracker in Texas, or has there been any change there?
Andrew N. Liveris: No change. We are still committed. We are working very closely with the state of Texas on permitting. We believe we are second in line in terms of when that will start up. We are working with others to help base-load it with some commodities that we don't need.
Doug May: Thanks, Kevin. Andrew, do you want to close with a few comments?
Andrew N. Liveris: I want to close with the way the quarter played out. We saw the market volatility. We saw the market going down, and we promise we would control the controllable and that we would intervene. The EBITDA adds that we now have put in place through the restructuring, the cost and cash interventions, CapEx, of course, on cash, the restructuring in terms of cost interventions gives us $0.5 billion of new EBITDA on top of the EBITDA that we were talking about in the last round of the drivers we've put in place. That starts to add up on the trajectory to get to $8 billion and to get to $10 billion, as well as the low-cost position, especially here in the United States. The new streamlined operating model that we've put in place enables us to harvest these synergies without sacrificing growth, which is another key part of the conversation. You can expect continual prioritized growth from us when we talk with you on Investor Day. In the meantime, think of us as a strong cash flow story. The strong cash flow generate that we're very committed to will go directly to the balance sheet, as I said on one of the answers to the questions. On top of that, we have the Kuwait add. You can expect again that to go to the balance sheet and to continue to reward our shareholders. We're going to intervene on costs. We're going to manage cash for positive cash flow, and we're going to put it onto the balance sheet. That's the company that we are today, and we have what we need to do to grow in the next 5 years. Thanks for listening. We look forward to talking to all of you in the future.
Doug May: Great. Thank you, everyone, for your questions and for joining us this morning. We appreciate your interest in The Dow Chemical Company. For your reference, a copy of the prepared comments will be posted on Dow's website later today. This concludes our call for today, and we look forward to speaking to you again soon. Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Dow Chemical Company Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Also, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, to Doug May, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Doug May: Thank you, Corrine. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, we're making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of the Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and David Johnson, Director of Investor Relations. Around 7:00 a.m. this morning, July 26, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and was posted on the Internet on dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are posted on our website on the Presentations page of the Investor Relations section and through the link to our webcast. Now, some of our comments today include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates, and we do not plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. Additionally, some of our comments today will reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and can be found on our website. And unless we notice otherwise, all comparisons today will be on a year-over-year basis. Sales, volume, price comparisons will exclude divestitures. EBITDA, EBITDA margins and earnings comparisons exclude certain items. The agenda for today's call is on Slide 3. I will now hand it over to Andrew.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Doug, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. If you turn to Slide 4. As we stated during the quarter, the second quarter of 2012 presented a challenging market and operating environment. However, despite these extremely volatile conditions, we continue to tightly manage operations, driving and accelerating a full array of efficiency and cost-reduction measures and delivering cash flow improvements. Global economies have not only been volatile but conditions clearly deteriorated as the quarter progressed. This led to weakening demand and extremely cautious buying sentiment, which in turn, impacted the pricing and volume dynamics, as we indicated throughout the quarter.  In addition, the fragile European environment placed significant downward pressure on currency for businesses operating in that region, and Dow was no exception, given our large footprint in the EU. Finally, Dow faced additional headwinds in the quarter, as we experienced an unusually high impact from planned turnaround costs, both within our businesses, as well as at our joint venture partners.  This all resulted in the following: Earnings per share of $0.55; a sales decline by 6% led by Western Europe; currency accounted for more than $400 million of that decline; nearly 1/2 of the overall company sales declined on an adjusted basis; volume declined 1%, with price decreasing 5%. On the better news side, we saw continued strength in Agricultural Sciences, which grew volume 10% and delivered record second quarter sales. And we captured volume gains in Performance Plastics, as well as in China. However, on the whole, volume decreased across most operating segments and geographies due to a synchronized global economic slowdown, coupled with cautious buying sentiment seen across most value chains.  This global volatility and weakness drove rapidly changing hydrocarbon and commodity costs, which led to declining prices. While feedstock and energy costs decreased by nearly $1 billion versus the second quarter last year, our pre-turnaround inventory build muted that benefit. EBITDA was nearly $2 billion, reflecting margin compression due to the dynamics I just outlined. This was coupled with reduced equity earnings, which were down due to the planned turnarounds at MEGlobal and ongoing silicon value chain weakness at Dow Corning.  As a result, our operating rate was 78% for the quarter, including turnarounds, which impacted the quarterly average by 3 percentage points. In the midst of this difficult operating environment, we responded by intervening and pulling multiple levers that we have available, just as we said we would.  We delivered an increase of nearly $700 million in cash from operations in the quarter, and we brought our net debt to capital down to 40.4%, remaining firmly on track to reach our year-end target. The key takeaway is this. In the face of significant headwinds, Dow maintained its focus on execution and controlling what we could control, driving cost reductions and delivering cash flow improvements.  We have taken, and we will continue to take action to help mitigate the current dynamics. We are a strong company, and are moving forward in continued pursuit of our long-term strategy. I'll have more to share on this in a moment, but first, let me turn it over to Bill for more details on our financial and operating results.
William H. Weideman: Thank you, Andrew. Turning to Slide 6. Adjusted sales decreased 6% to $14.5 billion and EBITDA was nearly $2 billion in the quarter. On a reported basis, earnings were $0.55 per share. This compares with earnings of $0.84 per share in the same quarter last year or adjusted earnings of $0.85 per share. On Slide 7, I want to take a moment to give you additional insight on the key drivers of our operating performance this quarter. Declining feedstock costs were a headline. However, the benefit of falling hydrocarbon prices was largely offset by declining prices and currency headwinds. In addition, as Andrew mentioned, we had a large number of planned turnarounds in the quarter, both within Dow, as well as in our joint ventures. Our operating rate declined 6 percentage points due to lower demand and customer destocking. The good news is that looking forward, the peak turnaround season is behind us so we are well positioned to capture the benefit of continuing favorable feedstock costs going forward. Now, let me turn to volume trends on Slide 8. Overall, volume declined 5% year-over-year or 1% on an adjusted basis due to weak economic conditions and cautious buying sentiment, which occurred through most of our value chains. We did see bright spots in Agricultural Sciences, which benefited from very strong industry fundamentals, as well as Performance Plastics; and Asia-Pacific, where new capacity from our joint venture in Thailand continues to support growing demand in that region. Now, let's take a look at price trends on Slide 9.  Price declined 5% in the quarter, with currency accounting for more than half or approximately 3% of the decline. We saw decreases in all geographic areas in most operating segments. Now, turning to our operating segments, starting with Electronic and Functional Materials on Slide 10. Electronic Materials volume declined slightly due to continued softness in the industry. However, demand gains were reported in semiconductor technologies due to improving foundry utilization rates and significant revenue growth in OLED materials for Display Technologies. Functional materials revenue declined overall, as higher costs associated with turnarounds dampened bottom line results. Looking forward, we expect to see sequential improvement in this segment and should start seeing year-over-year earnings growth in the fourth quarter and moving into 2013. Now, turning to Coatings and Infrastructure Solutions. Dow Water and Process Solutions reported record quarterly sales, with strong demand in reverse osmosis membrane for industrial water applications. Sales declines in Dow Building and Construction were primarily driven by ongoing volume contraction in Europe. Recall last quarter, you saw us take action here, adjusting our footprint and reducing structural costs in Europe. Within Dow Coating Materials, a bright spot was North America, with double-digit volume gains in both architectural and industrial coatings. However, price was down driven by weak demand in Asia, leading to an oversupply of less differentiated epoxy-based products. As you think about this segment going forward, while we have seen modest improvement in the construction sector, we do not expect to see marked improvement in Dow Corning earnings, leading to lower year-over-year earnings for the remainder of 2012. Now, moving to Agricultural Sciences which delivered record second quarter sales with gains across most crops and geographies. Driven by new solutions, healthy market fundamentals and Crop Protection as well as strong gains in seeds and healthy oils, double-digit gains in corn and soybeans also fueled portfolio growth. Looking ahead, we anticipate a typical seasonal decline in this segment, coupled with increased pressure on mid to late season Crop Protection demand due to U.S. drought conditions. In Performance Materials, volume declined in all geographic areas, reflecting soft demand and high turnaround activity versus a year-ago period. Polyurethanes posted demand growth in Asia-Pacific driven by our new HPPO plant in Thailand. However, overall polyurethanes sales were down, primarily due to shut down of our TDI assets in Brazil, as well as an NDI outage early in the quarter. Epoxy sales contracted due to continued softness in allylics and phenolics. This more than offset strong performance in Polyglycols, Surfactants and Fluids, as well as Dow Oil and Gas.  We anticipate improvements in this segment sequentially. However, ongoing weakness in thermostats will dampen year-over-year profitability into the second half of the year. Now, moving to Performance Plastics on Slide 12. Sales in this operating segment were down versus the same period a year ago. Broad-based volume gains in Performance Packaging and Dow Hygiene and Medical were offset by pricing headwinds in all geographies. However, sales in Dow Electrical and Telecommunications grew versus a year-ago period, with double-digit revenue and volume gains in Asia-Pacific. And Dow Elastomers posted new first half record for both sales and EBITDA. Looking forward, we expect ongoing weak demand in margin compression in Europe, coupled with depressed margins in Asia-Pacific, will result in lower year-over-year performance in the back half. Despite these current headwinds, we expect the continuing favorable oil to gas ratio and the steady rise in operating rates even in a slow growth environment will generate strong results in Performance Plastics next year and beyond. Finally, Feedstocks and Energy reported a decline in volume due to lower sales of propylene in Asia as we started to operate the HPPO facility, as well as lower VCM sales due to an asset shutdown in the second quarter of 2011. Looking forward, we expect sequential improvement due to lower turnaround cost at MEGlobal, which will be partially offset by soft corning derivative demand in both Europe and the United States. Now, I'd like to cover a few additional financial highlights on Slide 13. Our focused efforts on working capital and discretionary spending improved cash flow from operations by nearly $700 million versus the same quarter last year. And our net debt to total capitalization dropped to 40.4%. Now, looking to the third quarter, I'd like to provide a few comments for modeling purposes. Equity earnings are expected to remain flat, as the benefit from lower turnaround cost at MEGlobal will be offset by continued weakness in Dow Corning and ongoing naphtha compression in our JV in Thailand. Turnaround costs will decline approximately $100 million sequentially, but will still be up nearly $50 million on a year-over-year basis. We expect currency headwinds will continue due to the weak euro. And while ethylene margins in Europe recovered early in the second quarter, we expect margins will contract in the third quarter. And lastly, our tax rate going forward will be similar to what you saw this quarter. And now, I'd like to turn it back over to Andrew.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thanks, Bill. I would now like to turn outward and take a look at the world we are operating in today to give you a sense of how our company is responding to these increasingly volatile times and delivering, even in the face of these current headwinds. Turn to Slide 15. As you know, Dow's vast presence in end markets and geographies gives us unique and early insight into what is happening around the world. At the end of 2011 and moving into the first quarter of 2012, we said that while we did not see any material improvements in the first quarter, demand growth was expected to gain momentum in the second quarter, with improvements in the back half of 2012. However, moving through the first and second quarter, we saw an accelerated slowdown in most global economies, a slowdown that has weighed heavily on a variety of regions and sectors. In fact, our heat map illustrates our view of the downward shifts in growth expectations, with movements downward outweighing the positive by a ratio of 10:1. Therefore, looking forward, we believe it is unlikely that there will be broad positive developments in the global economy for the second half of 2012. Turn to Slide 16. Europe continues to be an area of major concern as ongoing recessionary conditions now appear to have broader implications across the rest of the world. And this has instilled increased caution among investors and consumers. China's economy has continued to decelerate as European exports suffered. And we will likely linger around the current level until broader measures taken by the government to inspire domestic growth in investment and consumption take hold. And in the United States, improvements in consumer confidence have moderated due to soft employment data and uncertainty in Europe, and slowdown in exports due to the weaker global economy. Dow is facing this new reality head on, recognizing that under these conditions the timeframe for when we reach our near-term earnings targets will be extended. However, let me be absolutely clear. Our near-term targets remain intact. We simply recognize that current realities can obviously impact the pace at which we will achieve them. We remain extremely confident in Dow's ability to successfully reach our stated targets. Turn to Slide 17. As you've seen us talk about, the breadth and scale of our enterprise provides us with 4 unique value drivers; drivers that enable us to deliver higher and more sustainable growth over the long term with differentiated solutions that customers want and need as well as drivers that give us the ability to mitigate economic uncertainty, leveraging an industry-leading, low-cost position. We have a portfolio that is fit to fight, and we are in execution mode. This begins first and foremost, with managing our capital and cost structure to drive efficiency and reduce costs. Turn to Slide 18. Recall that during our Investor Day last fall, we outlined cost and cash levers totaling $2.5 billion, levers we are prepared to pull should economic conditions warrant. Earlier this year, we confirmed $1 billion of interventions were in motion. In fact, these programs are not only well underway, but are actually delivering ahead of schedule and gaining momentum. Year-to-date, we have delivered nearly $600 million of interventions. And in April, we announced additional actions to adjust our footprint in response to new macroeconomic realities, primarily in Europe. Today, we are announcing that due to the current dynamic operating environment, we will further accelerate our focus and expand our targets yet again, moving from $1 billion to a total of $1.5 billion of interventions. This begins with taking additional actions to drive efficiency and tailor CapEx and growth spending to match the current realities. And you should expect to hear more from us this quarter regarding additional interventions we will take to reduce costs and adjust our structural footprint to titrate longer-term growth needs with the current realities. Turn to Slide 19. As a result, Dow's financial discipline and foundation is indeed strong. This is demonstrated in our balance sheet where significant debt reduction actions we have driven over the past 2 years, have us firmly on track to deliver against our net debt goals. In addition, our cash flow targets remain squarely in place, and we're on track to deliver $8 billion in cash from operations in 2011 and 2012. And in terms of how we plan to use this cash, we've been very clear. Our priority is to increasingly reward our shareholders, pay down debt and invest it prudently in organic growth. In addition, as you know, earlier this quarter, we received the $2.16 billion award in the K-Dow arbitration. This award does not include interest in costs owed to Dow. We anticipate the final award covering interest and costs later this fall. We are very pleased with the outcome of this significant arbitration. The award has not been factored into any of our financial or business modeling. And a reward of this significance will serve to accelerate our priorities for uses of cash. You turn to Slide 20, and turning to the second driver for Dow's competitiveness, our world-leading feedstock advantage. As the largest, most flexible and most experienced ethylene producer, we hold a unique advantage. Our tremendous scale and reach, our integration and infrastructure advantage, and our feedstock flexibility differentiates us from our competitors within every region of the world. For example, 70% of our ethylene assets are located in advantage positions, in the United States, Canada, Argentina and the Middle East. Our global infrastructure and integration gives us a comprehensive network of mining, storage, pipeline and global production capabilities, allowing for quick adaptation to market realities. And of course, there's our unique feedstock flexibility. For example, in both Europe and the Americas, our industry-leading flexibility allows us to tailor our feed slate in response to price conditions, providing additional advantages. Let's take a look on Slide 21. Now, as you know, ethane fundamentals are very strong on the U.S. Gulf Coast as we move into the second half of 2012 and beyond. And we have already highlighted the naphtha to ethane arbitrage that provides tremendous margin expansion opportunities for ethane-based producers like Dow. But additionally, more recent industry dynamics illuminate what differentiates H.H. Dow from its competitors. And that is the unique advantage Dow gains from the powerful combination of current ethane and propane advantages on the U.S. Gulf Coast. This is where Dow's current flexibility options and our forward-looking flexibility investments really come into play. Remember, that Dow alone has 1/3 of the propane cracking potential among U.S. Gulf Coast chemical players. When propane prices decline so they would become the preferred crack for ethylene, as they did during the second quarter, our flexi-crackers can immediately turn to propane to take advantage of the arbitrage vis--vis ethane. Going forward, we see structurally long propane often trailing a ceiling on ethane pricing, and you could be sure Dow's flexibility will allow us to advantaged feed slate. Our European assets are also advantaged due to our best in industry propane and condensate flexibility. On the whole, we estimate that our feedstock flexibility alone provides additional value of up to $250 million per year, depending on market conditions. If you turn to Slide 22, as you can see, the powerful combination of our operating and capital efficiency, coupled with our world-leading feedstock advantage differentiates Dow from its peers, making us best in class when it comes to cost and scale. Trading at strong cost advantage is the foundation that allows us to compete in tough industry conditions. And we are also investing to deliver high growth and higher margins through our unique solutions. Turning to Slide 23, this brings me to Dow's integrated portfolio, a portfolio that is designed to mitigate risk and capture value on multiple fronts. We used our deep value chain integration to opportunistically take advantage of attractive dynamics in the markets and regions where growth is happening most. Take, for example, our geographic diversity and broad reach. Over the last several years, we have purposely invested in emerging regions, building assets and developing on-the-ground know-how that give us the unique capability to deliver high-tech solutions across a wide range of industries and end markets. For example, our exposure to diverse end markets was on display in China in the second quarter. Here, we saw overall sentiment and market confidence deteriorate in the quarter and yet, we were able to post record sales and double-digit volume growth in China versus the year-ago period. This is because of our exposure to resilient and varied growth sectors such as packaging, water, automotive, agriculture and electronics. In Dow Water Process Solutions, we're benefiting from steady demand across all segments, with emphasis on systems for industrial and wastewater. Dow Automotive has positioned itself well with local customers to serve the fastest growing segments of the Chinese automotive industry. And finally, our Agricultural Sciences business has invested in additional sales resources in the region, enabling us to increase sales of differentiated Crop Protection products. So turning to Slide 24 and our next key driver, our robust technology pipeline. The value of our innovation programs is clearly tilted towards implementation. And we're continuing to make steady progress in monetizing this pipeline across our businesses. The impact is already reaching our bottom line, with sales from new products having delivered about $400 million of EBITDA since 2009, and we are commercializing new solutions every day. On Slide 25, take Dow automotive, the market leader for crash durable adhesives. This quarter, we commercialized the next generation of our BETAMATE structural adhesives with a Chinese OEM. This is an attractive segment, as crash durable adhesives enjoy high-growth rates due to superior strength, as well as the potential for light weighting, allowing our customers to increase fuel efficiency. Dow Electrical and Telecommunications recently launched the latest advancement in its ENDURANCE family, a new installation technology that leverages our unique combination of polymer and electrical materials science with application expertise to bring utility companies high reliability and low cost ownership for underground cables. If you turn to Slide 26, and then there's Dow Agri Sciences where convenience and resistant management at driving customers to our new Refuge Advanced, single bag solution for corn; bringing farmer's insect protection advantages that competitive products cannot match, and making it simple to achieve whole -- higher whole farm yield. Also this quarter, we commercially launched POWERCORE, which expands our SmartStax technology into Latin America. POWERCORE provides corn growers with the broadest above-ground insect protection available. The net result is that we have the superior option to increase productivity in yield in this key growing region. Our R&D investments and differentiated solutions like these are powering our Seeds, Traits and Oils portfolio, which is now a full $1 billion strong with an impressive 5-year growth trajectory. So as you can see, the powerful combination of our integrated and well-balanced portfolio, coupled with our rich technology pipeline, allows Dow to drive share and margin gains through unique offerings and solutions to our customers. So before we wrap up, I want to revisit our priorities for the remainder of this year and moving into 2013. So if you turn to Slide 29. The new reality is that this world is not in a normal growth mode. And it does not appear that we will see this for at least 12 to 24 months. As a result, we are adjusting these priorities so that we accelerate our short-term interventions as follows: Driving and accelerating cost reduction and efficiency actions to meet these challenging conditions head on; implementing disciplined price and volume actions; managing margins by leveraging our feedstock advantage, integrated portfolio and global reach; continuing to deleverage our balance sheet; and generating solid cash flow, which underpins our strong dividend, a dividend that is among the top of its peer group in terms of yield and payout ratios and signals confidence in our ability to deliver higher and sustainable earnings growth over the long term. In short, we are focused on execution, concentrating on the things we can control and taking further steps to fortify our foundation in this highly uncertain environment. You will hear more on this as we move through the quarter, which on Slide 30, brings me to our upcoming Investor Forum, which will be held October 3 in New York. During this business meeting, we will share our priorities for 2013 and provide you with the granularity that underpins both the near-term interventions we are taking, as well as our growth trajectory moving forward. The bottom line is this: Our management team is fully aligned and accountable, and we remain committed to delivering on our earnings trajectory and our EBITDA targets. We have the right strategy in place to deliver over the long term, and we will continue to return value to our shareholders. It will be an exciting event, and I really look forward to seeing you all there. And with that, Doug, let's turn to Q&A.
Doug May: Great. Thank you, Andrew. Now, we'll move on to your questions. But first, I would like to remind you that my comments regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Corrinne, would you please explain the Q&A procedure?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Just a question on the Plastics business and the effect of the turnarounds. Was there a situation where you were -- because your volume was up in the quarter despite the turnarounds. Were you selling inventory that you had built, perhaps, at a higher cost in the prior quarter?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, Vincent. That's exactly right. Plus, the turnaround really impacted that business because their lowest cost asset up in the Fort was down for most of the quarter, so robbing us of a lot of margin. And this is a very necessary turnaround. We don't take turnarounds for -- just for the sake of turning around these assets. This was on a very much need to have a turnaround. It's now back in full force, and we'll take advantage of that low-cost position. But definitely, it was something out of high cost inventory.
William Young: Is there any way that you can quantify it slightly or just give us a sense of how it should reverse as we move in the third quarter?
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, it's tens of millions of dollars and it's certainly a big number and a big impact on their margins in Q2.
Operator: We'll move on to Jeff Zekauskas with JP Morgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas: Andrew, you've been very positive on the ethylene cycle going forward. Are you also positive on Chlor-Alkali cycle? That is, where do you think we stand in terms of our cyclical position? And I know, Dow Mitsui is bringing on a good amount of Chlor-Alkali capacity, and how do you think that might affect the cycle?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. So ECU, as you know, is a binary conversation and when one's up, the other's down. The housing PVC issue has kept the chlorine margins down. If you're in the direct business of being in the EDC/VC and PVC, which these days, we are not, obviously, we use our corning for our downstream, value-add specialty businesses. So we don't tend to see the cycle in ECU as much as we used to see it. When it manifests itself in our businesses is when some downstream businesses are seeing soft demand and therefore are suffering. And the chain that seems to be reflecting that the most for us these days is our commodity epoxy business. The commodity epoxy business has seen deterioration mostly because of industrial coatings. The construction issue there as well, as well as the decline in wind energy, which has been quite big. So we've seen it mostly in that chain, to answer your question specifically. But on the caustic cycle, caustic has continued solid demand, and we're seeing strength in pulp and paper and water treatment. There is some risk in deteriorating aluminum margins. But the Australian aluminum guys are buying caustic from the U.S. Gulf Coast. So we're going to see, I believe, an extended caustic cycle for a while. But it's the housing issue in the U.S. and the PVC response to that, that's going to be a biggie in terms of both ECU products being, maybe if you like, heading to peak. But until then, I think we're going to see one side of it strong and one side of it weak. The low-cost gas position in the United States should be helpful for exports of chlorine-based commodities.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas: And then, as my follow-up, it seems that in your discussion of global demand conditions, as far as Dow Chemical goes, you're more pessimistic than you've been in previous calls. Is that fundamentally a change in your view about Europe or China or India or the U.S.? Sort of from a geographic point of view, where has your point of view changed?
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, I think the turn in April that all of us felt, and Dow, in particular, felt because of our presence, was the infection of Southern Europe into Northern Europe and the German economy in particular. And German consumer sentiment, German buying behavior and German exports were all going downwards. And that hasn't really reversed itself yet, even though they've got in place some policies to loosen money, et cetera, to stimulate demand. I do think that, because that's 1/3 of Dow's business, was a new domino effect on key markets around the world, notably Asia and China. 19% of China's exports go  well, have historically gone to the euro zone. So that domino effect really hit for us. I was in China, in March, May and June, okay. And in fact, in July as well. So that's 4 times in the last 4 months. Every single visit, the customers and the governments, they were seeing a decline. And the decline was a domino effect of Europe. No question about that. So that combination and the spillover effect into the rest of Asia and for that matter, Brazil and the emerging world, is what we saw through the quarter. The reversal of that, Jeff, is very instructive. In our view, the reversal is probably back-end loaded and mostly, China-driven with stimuli that they are looking at now, but it will take time. China will not snap back. It will be a late-this-year type reversal to get their growth rates back into the 8% range that they need to have. They are probably running at very low numbers right now, a 3%, 4%, 5% number at best.
Operator: Moving on to the Alembic Global, Hassan Ahmed.
Hassan I. Ahmed: Quick question around just the CapEx plans. Obviously, new world order we're talking about now, and things seem quite uncertain. Does that sort of change some of your CapEx-related plans, being they are associated with some of the greenfield stuff that you've announced?
Andrew N. Liveris: Look, the short answer is we are definitely adjusting capital and off balance sheet via IE-impacted expenditures, but not the key ones. Not the low-cost reserve ones, not the U.S. Gulf Coast, not the Saudi project, which is mostly funded, by the way, which we've said before. So in essence, we are staying true to the growth programs that deliver, that are highly accretive and will make a lot of money and speak to the cycle that we still believe is out there in the '13, '14 timeframe, and will continue on into '15 for ethylene and, for that matter, propylene derivatives with the propane dehydro back integration. We will see positive margin improvement in key businesses like Performance Materials when we do the back integration because the propane point I made, the reality is, were titrating back CapEx on businesses that don't need the capacity in a slowing global environment. And every one of the businesses go through a review. Those reviews now are every 2 weeks. And we are, basically, being driven by the reversal of what we call the macros from the potential for normalized growth to constrained growth to, in some cases, like Europe, recession.
Hassan I. Ahmed: Got it, super. And another one, if I may. Just on the Performance Plastic side, and specifically, as it pertains to Europe, was a bit of a choppy quarter. Obviously, on the surface you look at product margins and feedstock costs were coming down. So on a product level, the margin seemed to have been expanding, but obviously, volume weakness was there as well. So could you just sort of comment on that as it relates to what the results look like relative to Q1?
Andrew N. Liveris: Look, European margin compression, you remember through the quarter, oil went down and naphtha went down, and oil went up and naphtha snapped back very fast. And so there was huge margin compression and lack of price momentum. And so really, lots of price and increase of inputs created some margin compression, but we did see some improvement early in the quarter. So it was really -- pricing hasn't kept up with the input costs going up. And I think that's what we've seen in Europe. But actually, interestingly enough, Western Europe is better than it was before. And I think that speaks to, really, our feedstock flexibility. That speaks to the fact that we are lower on the  on the slide I showed, we are lower on the cash cut curve than our competitors in Western Europe and therefor, did better.
Hassan I. Ahmed: So, just a final point on that. So better than Q1, when you said before? Q1 crop?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, exactly.
Operator: Moving on to the Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Koort: Andrew, I was wondering if you could talk -- you mentioned the deferral of some of these targets, but not the elimination. Do you start to run in, at some point, with the problem, specifically around ethylene and global operating rates, that if demand is weak enough, long enough, then we'll start to get closer to the beginning of these grassroots expansion? I know Exxon this morning talked about filing their permits. You guys have talked about a 2017 startup. Do we risk not getting to a 90% global operating rate in ethylene before these plants start?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. To do that, Bob -- it's a good question. To do that, you almost have to feel that this world of ours is going to be recessionary for the next 3 to 5 years. And no one's saying that. Certainly, we're not saying that. There is demand reduction, no question. I think the cycle pickup that we were hoping for or at least planning from the previous numbers prior to this correction, would have been 2013. It's probably more like into 2013, 2014 now. Theyre still not butting up against 2017, to answer your question. By the way, you're making the assumption that all of these will, in fact, be permitted fast and come up in the 2016, 2017 timeframe. There's 2 dynamics that will play. One, they won't be as fast as that there, based on permits; based on the slowdown of the global economy that we're now seeing. Plus, the quick question Hassan added. There will people going out of business on negative cash margins as the world economy starts to pick up. But Europe continues its demand construction, they'll start shutting down. In fact, some shutdowns will be helpful to the cycle picking up faster than maybe I'm currently predicting. But no, I don't think there's any problems that's going to butt up against the lost of the peak based on the capacity that you talked about, coming on in 2017.
Robert Koort: And on that shutdown point, I thought the ethylene cash curve you provided was quite interesting. And I was a little surprised there wasn't a little bit more dealt between your Europe operations and broadly, in Europe. I think you guys have expressed in the past that there was some need for more global shutdowns. Are any of your assets at risk there? And secondly, the vertical part of that curve, will we ever see some of those units shut down, do you think?
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, I mean if your previous question -- and the way I handle it, said if we're wrong; if we're going to see a world that's going to go into a recession for 2 or 3 years based on Europe, and based on Europe not having a fix, then they will be under pressure and we believe they will shut down just like Northeast Asians have shut down, Japanese in particular, Koreans, have shut down. So there has been some shutdowns in Europe. And that's a steep part of that curve, I think you will see it if this protracts itself beyond the 12 to 24 months that we're talking about. However, to your other point, we are more differentiated than that scale shows. I think it's probably just the law of our charts. I mean to answer your point, our propane condensate capability there does give us a better advantage than what that chart is showing you.
Operator: Moving onto Jefferies with Laurence Alexander.
Laurence Alexander: I just want to take that -- your follow-on to the CapEx question from a different angle. As you talk with your customers, do you get the impression that the culture around capital spending has changed and it's going to be more volatile the way we've seen people be more -- be quicker to swing working capital when they see the first sign of a slowdown? Or are people saying the volatility is here to stay? If anything, they're going to stick with the capital spending longer in order to sort of plan for across the cycle rather than you getting whips-odd [ph]. What's your impression of how people are reacting to this?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, there's no one good answer to that question. It's a fairly large one in the sense of the inventory game. And people keeping working capital while shadowing price declines and basically playing that game. One of the big impacts for our result in Q2, that no one had in their results, is we build up inventory ahead of our turnarounds off a high cost base. And clearly, we could -- when we were selling, we were selling at a high cost inventory in a declining price environment so we had margin squeeze. But customers are quite attuned to that. And they understand when prices are going down, they'll stop buying, so it was a double whammy. And that really, was in essence, them playing the working capital game. Of course, you can't do that with long cycle investments, so that's irrelevant. I mean, once you go beyond 10% to 15% on the CapEx cost curve, it costs you real money to stop. So you will keep going. So it plays into Bob Koort's question, at the end of the day, once you're permitted, once you have your engineering designs and once you have some degree of construction going, then, it costs you a lot of money to stop or slow down. So anything that was very big CapEx-related won't be adjusted much in this sort of environment. But the volatility of working capital, we believe, is here to stay, and the lack of clarity in the value chains is very difficult to get it right by quarter, as I just indicated with our Q2.
Laurence Alexander: And does that imply that you will then, also be  more stringent to your -- do you think the industry will be more stringent about cutting capacity at the high end of the chain?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, I do so -- I think so. The previous question, we've seen 3 million tonnes out in the last several years. The one thing we should say is that since '08, '09, we haven't had a normal economy, maybe more than a quarter or 2. I vaguely remember it in the first half of last year. So a normal economy globally, where you get the degree of predictability, I do think you won't see that effect. But we haven't had that. And depending on which chain you're in and which pockets you've been in geographically, and where you are on the cost curve, and we've already seen that behavior, where you will see high cost guys go out because of their inability to make sustained margins. Of course, if your ownership is state-owned, if your ownership is the private equity world, you will have different pressure points than those of us in the public markets. And I think that's a part of the issue that state-owneds are much slower to reflect economic realities, unless fundamentally, there's an opening up to the public markets. And by the way, I'm seeing more of that in China. The state-owneds are becoming more and more like public market companies as witnessed by their M&A activities here in North America.
Operator: Moving on to Peter Butler with Glenn Hill Investments.
Peter Butler: I think, as usual, the outlook in the second quarter next year is much more important than what happened in the second quarter this year. And just curious on what sort of assumptions Dow is planning on for things like GDP and currency, the euro for instance versus the dollar, and what you're seeing for oil and gas.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. Peter, I think 2013, the way we framed our analytic around the next 12 to 24 months is we're seeing secular demand deceleration that will be Euro-centric and that the global GDP will struggle to get close to 3% in the next 12 to 24 months on a sustained basis. We may see episodic recovery to that. So the numerator in the top line is not going to be aided by GDP macros, et cetera. There will be pockets, and I do believe the developing world, especially China, will create enough domestic demand to keep their growth, as I said earlier, at 8%. So if you say, we've got a 2.5% to 3% global world in the next 24 months, but China and the emerging economies keep growing, you're going to see oil price staying high, $80 to $90 to $100. You're going to have a natural gas advantage here in the United States because frankly, it's substituting all the key uses it should substitute. And without government intervention, it should continue to do that. So it will be advantage to U.S.A. on gas versus oil or ethane versus naphtha. So for us, our feedstock advantage, the U.S. Gulf Coast plus Saudi, plus, the fact that we have got constant capital efficiencies delivering the cost line, so not just feedstock but also our efficiency are big drivers of us preserving our estimates and making sure that we head to our $10 billion over the next few years. The run rate of getting to the minimum -- protecting the minimum, obviously, we are going to be pushing that out a little bit. But frankly, we are saying that the world in 2013, with our interventions, with our feedstock advantage, especially in the United States, that is good, advantaged Dow, even under those macros.
Peter Butler: You didn't mention the euro. That could be the headwind. Can you hedge enough or what's your strategy there?
Andrew N. Liveris: Very simply, the previous question, feedstock advantage for our major assets, the ones in the Netherlands, the ones in Germany, the ones in Spain. So on the feedstock side, we believe euro will continue to have demand weakness. The euro will continue to weaken and therefore, we will have those headwinds. So the only thing we can do, Peter, besides some physical hedging on currency, is continue to work the cost line. So you can continue -- you can expect for us to continue to work cost interventions in an overweight way in Europe versus the rest of the world.
Operator: Moving on the Don Carson with Susquehanna Financial.
Donald Carson: 2 questions. One, just a clarification on the currency exposure. You talk of a $400 million revenue hit, but on your waterfall earnings slide on 7, you don't say how much of that is due to currency. So how much of that $400 million falls to the earnings line? How much are you able to offset with local currency costs? And then a second question. Andrew, we saw a bit of an improvement in volumes in the U.S. Polyethylene chain as we got into June, and it seems to continue on in July. How sustainable do you think this restocking move is? Or is it not that sustainable given your rather dour macroeconomic outlook?
Andrew N. Liveris: I'll let Bill go first on currency, and I'll get to your second question when hes done.
William H. Weideman: Yes, Don, to answer your question on currency. As we mentioned on the revenue line, the total currency impact was about $430 million, which is about 3% of the total 5% decline. From an earnings per share impact, that translates to about $0.08 per share impact this quarter.
Donald Carson: And so that's what the cost is already accounted for, right?
William H. Weideman: Yes, that is on a net after cost, so its a $0.08 EPS impact.
Andrew N. Liveris: And then your question on how we're going into July. Yes. We are seeing -- we had, by the way, a very good volume month end quarter in Performance Plastics and Polyethylene, in general. So our machine being low-cost, got from the market what it needed to get from the market and then some. So I'd say from a demand outlook point of view, that's continuing on into July. It's just all about margins. And as I answered earlier, with the Fort coming back on, that will get a bit of help on margins because of the fact that, that is a low-cost asset. But it all comes down to price and underlying demand. And right now, it's too early to call whether underlying demand is there or just restocking, to answer your question, Don.
Operator: Our next question comes from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar: In coatings, the Rohm and Haas acrylics business has been lagging ever since you bought it. And initially, you had the housing downturn, then came the propylene spike. But now, propylene is coming down; your customers are reporting good numbers, the coatings customers, so when do you see a turnaround in this business?
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, actually, it's a wonderful question in the sense that I can quickly refute your analysis by saying it got nothing to do with the acrylics coatings and protective [ph] coatings business that we bought from Rohm and Haas. That business is actually doing very well and is approaching 20% EBITDA. Actually, through the synergies, through the new innovations, the launch of EVOQUE, et cetera, et cetera, they've done very well. What's dragging that reporting unit down, P.J., is our legacy industrial business at Dow, the epoxy business. As I mentioned in an earlier question, in answering an earlier question, that business is oversupplied right now and is under severe margin pressure. And our business people that are running that are really looking seriously at assets and costs. That business gets reported into industrial coatings into the coatings unit. And so to the extent that I can give you some granularity there, it's that unit that's not performing to satisfaction. We do see construction bottoming out here in the U.S., and actually, the beginning of a recovery. That's very positive for the architectural coatings business, and for that matter, our Dow Building Solutions business. And I think you can continue to see that business grow and perform.
P.J. Juvekar: Okay. And secondly, you have this Kuwait arbitration award of $2 billion. Can you tell us what is the mechanism of getting that money? And do you think you could potentially, or could divest any assets in that country to realize the settlement?
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, I mean, my headline in answering both those questions is crawl, walk, run. We have been very patient. Weve followed due process and we've been very professional because we have a very positive partnership with PIC and Kuwait. We make a lot of money; they make a lot of money due to that partnership. And the award process was agreed by both sides so we would respect each other's position. We had a disagreement that, of course, has now got a ruling. The next series of steps now is to collect that money with due process. There is due process. Kuwait has filed an application requesting their High Court to ask the tribunal to further consider these damages. That does not suggest, by the way, that there was no breach. It, in fact, reaffirms there was. They're just asking for an examination of due process. That's not unusual. It happens all the time with an award of this size. So somewhere in the fall, we expect the tribunal to issue the final award, which will include, by the way, an assessment of the interest and the fees. And I would say to you, as a consequence of that, we would expect, in the normal course of events, most of these awards of this size, take about 6 to 9 months to see the money arrive. What will we do in terms of use of that money; how will we approach our future in Kuwait? There is no conversation that suggests we don't have a future in Kuwait. We haven't said anything about divesting anything. We like the fact that they make us a high EBITDA business, high income business. Use of cash, exactly to our priorities. We are going to continue to focus on rewarding our shareholder, making our balance sheet exactly where it needs to be, especially in tough economic conditions. We saw good progress on that in the quarter and funding organic growth through our existing resources. No M&A. Very focused on those 3 uses of cash. You can continue to see that focus when that money arrives.
P.J. Juvekar: I was just going to say that you didn't mention the preferred share in that use of cash. So I was wondering if you can just comment on that.
Andrew N. Liveris: Sure. Sure. I mean, that's the balance sheet, and I would say it's included -- but look, Bill and the team have done a great job of paying down debt. We're at 40.4%, but we have the expenses prefers on the balance sheet, that will be expensive to retire prematurely. Having said that, they're very accretive the immediate time you do, do it. And you can rest assure that Bill's very capable financial team is addressing exactly that question.
William H. Weideman: Yes, P.J., this is Bill. When we talk about delever, we include preferreds in that, in our mindset, around delever.
Operator: That will come from John McNulty with Crdit Suisse.
John P. McNulty: With regard to the cost cuts and the incremental $500 million to your increasing the target to $1.5 billion, can you walk us through the timing of when you can see these going through? And maybe which segments might see the biggest benefits looking out over the next couple of quarters?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, thank you, John. Of the $500 million, $100s about CapEx and so the rest is cost. It will be -- run rate wise, you can expect that $500 million to be in full force by January. We'll have the full effect  you all are, by the way, seeing in our results already what we've already done. Frankly, the fact that we jumped ahead of the curve in these macros as an insurance policy is paying dividends. We're ahead our $2 billion EBITDA a quarter. That was a very good quarter under the conditions we've just been describing. We had a $700 million plus cash flow quarter. In these conditions, to achieve those results, this is a very different Dow. We can do intelligent interventions and get them to the bottom line quick. You'll see the full impact therefore, of this extra $500 million in 2013. And which businesses? We much -- pretty much spread across most of them, the way we're doing it. A lot of this is going into the fabric of how we leverage across business units so they all get to benefit.
John P. McNulty: Great. And then just one last follow-up on the Ag business. Clearly, there was a lot of volume introducing growth in that business. The margin seemed a little bit lighter than we would've expected, given kind of some of the big high-margin products that you're seeing. So I guess I'm wondering what may have held them back, whether it's introduction of new products and the cost out of that, or other things that we may not be found thinking about.
Andrew N. Liveris: I love a question that has the answer embedded in it so exactly what you said. Four major launches, lots of pre-funding of those launches, that's what you're seeing it.
Doug May: Do you want to make a few comments here to wrap up?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, just a couple points here. So look, a tough quarter. The fact that we had the flexibility and the levers and the ability to manage our way through it, I think, speaks to the strength of our company and the strength of our team. We are really now operating a dramatically increased base cash flow than we were pre-2009. We can deliver our $8 billion. We can get the cash flow. EPS is going to be rough as we go through quarters because there's a lot of moving parts. We're accelerating our interventions, controlling what we can control in a tough market. As we do that, we will perform to your expectations. The market is not giving us a lot. So frankly, we have to take from the market what we can but really intervene. At the end of the day, we've shown that in the quarter. We are going to continue to grow this company with low feedstock investments, the way we're doing it on the Gulf Coast and Sadara, and selective innovation in key growth businesses like agricultural, like electronics, like water, and continue to diversify our way from the more commodity-like businesses. So more to come. Thanks for listening. We appreciate the great support.
Doug May: Thank you, everyone, for your questions and for joining us this morning. We appreciate the interest in Dow. For your reference, a copy of our prepared comments will be posted on Dow's website later today. This concludes our call, and we look forward to speaking with you through the quarter. Thank you.
Operator: And once again, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. Have a great day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Also today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Doug May, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Doug May: Thank you, Audra, and good morning, everyone, and welcome. We are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's express written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Dave Johnson, Director in Investor Relations. Around 7:00 a.m. this morning, April 26, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and was posted on the Internet on dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are posted on our website on the Presentations page of the Investor Relations section and through the link to our webcast. Now some of our comments today include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you'd like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and on our website. Unless otherwise specified, all comparisons presented today are on a year-over-year basis. Sales, volume and price comparisons exclude divestitures and EBITDA and EBITDA margins and earnings comparisons are adjusted to exclude certain items. Our earnings release as well as recent SEC filings are available on the Internet at dow.com. The agenda for today's call is on Slide 3. I'll now hand the call over to Andrew.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Doug, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Let's go to Slide 4. Dow demonstrated strength and stability this quarter, executing swiftly and purposefully in the midst of uncertain macro conditions, and we exited the period with momentum. Recall that in our last earnings conference call we projected headwinds would linger into the first quarter of 2012 and that momentum would build as the quarter and the year progressed. In fact, the quarter played out as we anticipated, with macroeconomic volatility impacting a number of our markets and businesses. But despite this, we continued to execute against our goals and deliver value for our shareholders. Here are some highlights. Adjusted earnings per share of $0.61. Adjusted sales grew 4%, representing Dow's 10th consecutive quarter of year-over-year sales gains. While strong revenue growth in Agricultural Sciences was certainly a headline, equally compelling was a strong performance from Dow Water and Process Solutions, Dow Elastomers, Dow Functional Materials and Polyglycols and Surfactants, each of which achieved first quarter sales records. And our geographic diversity benefited us once again this quarter. Developed regions began showing signs of returning strength, particularly in the United States, which posted 5% sales growth. And our emerging regions achieved their 10th consecutive quarter of year-over-year volume growth. As a result, we delivered $2.1 billion of adjusted EBITDA with records in a number of our businesses including Functional Materials, Dow Elastomers, Dow Automotive Systems and, of course, Dow Agricultural Sciences. Also this quarter, we took swift, targeted actions to drive further efficiencies in our operations and liberate resources that enable us to invest in attractive sectors and regions. And finally, we continued our sharp focus on capital management, reducing both debt and interest expense and remaining firmly on track to reach our net debt to cap goal by year end. This stability, this resolve to deliver, is validation of the fact that Dow was and remains in execution mode and enable us to exit the quarter with momentum. So on Slide 5 and on this point, I want to take a moment to dive deeper and further illuminate the momentum we saw build within the quarter. Recall that on our last teleconference, we discussed management interventions that fueled an inflection point in our operating rates. This improvement carried into the new year, both in terms of our operating rate, which improved 12 percentage points on a sequential basis as well as in our sales. We saw positive indicators in a number of the key sectors and regions we serve. For example, our sales in the United States, Germany and China all grew double digits from February to March, excluding the seasonality of our ag business. Importantly, this momentum is ahead of what we saw last year. We also saw sales grow double digits month-over-month in all of our operating segments. Moving through the second quarter and into the second half of the year, we are seizing this momentum, maximizing opportunities for short- and long-term growth. I'll have more to share on this in a moment, but first let me turn it over to Bill for more detail on our financial and operating results.
William H. Weideman: Thank you, Andrew. I'd like to remind you that my comments today will be on a year-over-year basis. Sales, volume and price comparisons are adjusted to exclude divestitures and earnings comparisons are adjusted to exclude certain items. Now turning to Slide 6. Adjusted sales rose 4% to $14.7 billion. EBITDA was $2.1 billion, with increases in Agricultural Sciences, and Electronic and Functional Materials. On a reported basis, earnings were $0.35 per share or $0.61 per share on an adjusted basis. This included $0.25 charge relating to our restructuring cost reduction actions announced earlier this month and a $0.01 charge related to the early extinguishment of debt. We believe this represents a strong result and results -- and reflects our focus on execution even in the midst of dynamic market conditions. Now let me turn to volume and price trends on Slide 7. Volume was up 3%, driven by strong demand in Agricultural Sciences, and Feedstocks and Energy, followed by modest gains in Performance Materials. Improvements in consumer confidence drove a 2% increase in our volumes in the U.S. We posted volume improvements in both the developed and emerging regions, with the strongest growth in Europe, Middle East and Africa. The volume increase in Europe was primarily driven by sales of propylene, the result of a new supply agreement from the sale of our Polypropylene business late last year. Volume declined year-over-year in Latin America, reflecting the shutdown of our TDI plant in Brazil. Volume also declined in Asia Pacific, where soft demand in Electronics continued. Price was up 1% versus the first quarter last year with gains in Feedstocks and Energy, Agricultural Sciences and Electronic and Functional Materials. Now turning to our operating segment, starting with Electronic and Functional Materials on Slide 8. Electronic Materials volume declined due to continued softness in the industry. However, the business reported strong demand gains in display technologies in Europe. Functional Materials reported record first quarter sales as well as record quarterly EBITDA, with notable gains in microbial and personal care applications. The business also benefited from broad-based pricing initiatives, leading to margin expansion. Turning to Coatings and Infrastructure Solutions, Dow Building Construction reported sales gains across all geographic areas. However, the business continued to face headwinds in Europe where the construction industry is still weak. This quarter, you also saw us take action, adjusting our footprint in response to these market realities and reducing our structural costs to compete long term and benefit as market fundamentals improve. Now turning to Dow Water and Process Solutions, which reported record first quarter sales with gains in both price and volume. Result in Dow Coating Materials reflected normal seasonality. However, there is clear evidence that we are seeing an uptick in demand as we enter the second quarter. Moving to Agricultural Sciences where we experienced broad-based gains across all products in all geographies, driven by new products, healthy market fundamentals in Crop Protection, strong gains in Seeds and Healthy Oils, as well as favorable planting conditions in North America. In Performance Materials, volume rose in all geographic areas except Latin America due to the shutdown of our TDI asset in Brazil. Polyurethane sales were up slightly with the strong double-digit growth in the U.S. despite a weak de-icing season. Dow Oil and Gas, Amines, and Oxygenated Solvents all recorded double-digit volume increases. Epoxy sales contracted due to continued softness in allylics and phenolics, while Dow Automotive Systems and Polyglycols, Surfactants and Fluids both reached new EBITDA records. Moving now to Performance Plastics on Slide 10. Performance Plastics sales were in line with the year-ago period. Dow Elastomers posted new quarterly sales and EBITDA records due to strong demand in transportation, infrastructure and adhesives. Revenue in Dow Electrical and Telecommunications increased with double-digit gains and volume gains in Asia Pacific. Performance Packaging benefited from very strong market fundamentals in North America. However, this was more than offset by pricing pressures on naphtha-based margins in Europe and Asia Pacific. Finally, Feedstocks and Energy recorded double-digit sales gains due to increases in both price and volume. Next, I'll cover equity earnings on Slide 11. Equity earnings were $169 million, down compared to $259 million in the prior quarter and $298 million in the same quarter last year. The primary driver for the decrease is Dow Corning, which experienced higher material costs and lower prices due to oversupply market conditions in polysilicon. However, industry consolidation is underway. In fact, industry estimates show that of the original 40 polysilicon manufacturers in China, only 6 or 7 are still operating. Dow Corning is at the low end of the cost curve and is taking actions to respond, including delaying capacity additions and reducing structural costs, all in an effort to reinforce its competitive advantage. Now I'd like to cover a few additional financial highlights on Slide 11. We continue to tightly manage working capital. DSO was 43 days, down 1 day versus the prior quarter, and inventory was up as we prepare for planned turnaround. We reduced debt by more than $1 billion this quarter, and interest expense declined nearly $50 million due to the deleveraging actions we've taken over the past 12 months. Net debt to total capitalization was 41.2%, remaining on target to reach the company's 2012 year-end goal of 40%. We also recently declared a 28% increase in the second quarter dividend from $0.25 per share to $0.32 per share. Now looking to the second quarter, I'd like to provide a few comments. As Andrew mentioned, we expect the momentum we experienced in March to continue into the second quarter. Agricultural Sciences will continue to be strong but will be down sequentially, in line with normal seasonality. Planned turnaround costs will be up approximately $100 million sequentially as we enter the summer months. Based on current propylene trends, our Feedstocks and Energy costs will increase sequentially despite lower U.S. ethane costs. Our tax rate going forward will be similar to what you saw this quarter. And equity earnings will be down slightly versus the first quarter due to planned turnaround at the MEGlobal. And now I'd like to turn it back over to Andrew.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Bill. As you can see Dow continues to advance its strategy, and we are doing so with a laser-like focus on execution, deriving value from all key value drivers shown on Slide 14. These are drivers that place us in a unique position to deliver shareholder value, both in the near term as well as over the long term. First, our world leading feedstock advantage, an advantage that will strengthen in the back half of this year and even longer term as we invest for growth, both on the U.S. Gulf Coast as well as in the Middle East. Second, our ability to pivot within our integrated portfolio and maximize the diversity of our geographic footprint to capitalize on growth wherever it is happening. Next, driving the value of our innovation pipeline to the bottom line, enabling customers and shareholders to realize the benefits of the game-changing products and technologies we are bringing to the market. And finally, managing our capital and cost structure to drive efficiencies and reduce debt. We are making tremendous strides in every front, beginning with our strong feedstock position and investments we are making to further bolster this competitive advantage. And looking at Slide 15, we have long said that we expect favorable dynamics in the ethylene cycle to continue. In fact, our industry is rapidly progressing towards the intersection of 3 compelling and disruptive trends. One, persistently favorable oil-to-gas ratios. Never before have we seen an oil-to-gas spread as attractive as what we see today. Higher oil and therefore, higher naphtha prices has placed upward pressure on ethylene derivative pricing. Meanwhile, natural gas prices are at all-time lows. However, we do expect prices to stabilize over time in about the $4 range, encouraging an increasing supply and attractive economics for natural gas liquids extraction. Second, this is reflected in the forward pricing on U.S. Gulf Coast ethane, which is expected to go structurally long in the second half of 2012 and beyond, as more than $6 billion of fractionation and pipeline investments come online, accelerating faster than the ability of petrochemical producers to consume ethane. This naphtha-to-ethane arbitrage will provide tremendous margin expansion opportunities for ethane-based producers. As a reminder, every $0.10 per gallon decline in ethane adds nearly $200 million of EBITDA for Dow annually. Third and finally, ethane industry operating rates, which are ramping up and are now projected to exceed 90% as early as next year as demand improvements gain traction and capacity startups continue to be delayed. All of these dynamics are a real game-changer for our industry and, of course, for Dow. In fact, we anticipate this value, coupled with our current feedstock investments, will translate into an additional $2 billion of EBITDA in 2017. Turning to Slide 16. As you know, Dow is the world's largest and most flexible ethylene producer, a full 70% of our global ethylene assets are in regions with cost-advantaged feedstocks. And just one year ago, we launched a comprehensive plan to take advantage of structural changes in the United States natural gas liquids market, and further shoring up integration advantages for our ethylene and propylene-based downstream businesses. These investments, as you've just seen, are perfectly timed, and we have much progress to report. Our cracker in St. Charles is on track to restart this year. We are moving forward with our new on-purpose propylene facility and recently signed a technology licensing agreement. This project is slated for production startup in early 2015. And just last week, we announced plans to site a worldscale cracker at our integrated operations in Freeport, Texas. In total, these investments will increase Dow's ethylene production capabilities by as much as 20% in the U.S. over the next 3 years, providing significant margin expansion potential for our Performance Plastics, Performance Materials and Advanced Materials businesses. Let's turn to Slide 17, which brings me to Dow's integrated portfolio. Here, you'll see the normalized margin targets for our operating segments. Note, in particular, Coatings and Infrastructure, and Performance Materials, where we plan to deliver margin growth as recovery in key markets, such as construction and transportation, takes hold and as we begin to realize the benefits of the integration investments I just discussed. In fact, our propylene integration through propane dehydrogenation will bring margin expansion on the order of 100 to 200 basis points in our Coatings and Infrastructure segment and margin improvements in the range of 300 basis points for Performance Materials. I'd also point out that our Performance Plastics portfolio is currently delivering margins in the 20% range even in the midst of trough-like conditions in Europe and in Asia. So as you can see, the upside potential is indeed significant. Let's turn to Slide 18. Equally compelling is the way in which we are able to pivot our portfolio to take advantage of attractive markets and regions, mitigating risks and capturing value on multiple fronts. For example, we used our deep value chain integration to opportunistically take advantage of attractive market dynamics, whether it's in the epoxy chain, from allylics and phenolics, all the way downstream in the formulated systems and automotive applications. In epoxy, for example, we took advantage of very strong upstream fundamentals and delivered record level EBITDA in the first quarter of 2011. Today, we are moving that same molecule preferentially downstream. For example, to structural adhesive applications in Dow Automotive systems, which this quarter posted record EBITDA. Our geographic diversity and broad reach also gives us flexibility as you've seen over the last several quarters. Our growing footprint in the fast-growing emerging world has now delivered 10 consecutive quarters of year-over-year volume growth. And our leadership in the United States and Western Europe, particularly Germany, provides a solid platform from which to grow as demand in these economies returns. This geographic presence and on-the-ground know-how gives us the unique capability to deliver high-tech solutions across a wide range of industries and end markets, speeding up the timeline from innovation to commercialization and optimizing the value of our $33 billion technology pipeline. So let's turn to Slide 19. We are monetizing this pipeline across our businesses. And the impact is already reaching our bottom line, with sales from new products having delivered about $400 million of EBITDA since 2009. Looking forward, we expect our technology pipeline will deliver nearly $2 billion by 2015. Take the AgroSciences for example. Here, we are reaping the benefits of our strategy to invest in Seeds and Traits. We now have a $1 billion Seeds, Traits and Oils business with market share gains last year in both Latin American corn and U.S. cotton. In fact, we increased our cotton share by another 5 percentage points last year alone. Our Enlist Herbicide will launch in the 2012/2013 time frame, and it promises to be an industry game changer. Just last week, we announced investment plans in Texas for production of our proprietary 2,4-D choline in addition to investments we've already announced in Michigan. This will fuel a key component of the technology that is found in our Enlist Duo herbicide system. Other innovations are accelerating as well. We are expanding availability of our POWERHOUSE Solar Shingle, partnering with elite professional roofing contractors in California and Texas to distribute our complete roofing systems. Also, together with Ford, we've announced plans to develop next-generation carbon fibers that will reduce vehicle weights, building on our recent joint venture with Aksa, and representing a critical step in meeting fuel economy and electric vehicle range targets. Let's turn to Slide 20, because here we talk about EVOQUE, a breakthrough technology offering in our Coatings portfolio that enables better paint by improving the efficiency of titanium dioxide. We've received high interest regarding this launch, so let me give you an update. Recall we launched this product in March 2011, just one year ago. And typical adoption cycles for completely new materials run from 18 months to 5 years. However, we've sped up the time frame from launch to adoption, and the success of our technology is playing out. We are hitting all of our key milestones, with customers validating the value proposition of EVOQUE and working to develop commercial formulations. As you can see on this slide, sampling, trialing and formulations are underway in every region of the world, with customer commercialization in progress for this paint season. In addition, we are expanding our technology portfolio beyond all acrylic polymers to include styrene and vinyl-based formulations to capture both share gains and volume growth. We will continue partnering with all major customers to fully bring this technology to the marketplace. Turning to Slide 21, and operating and capital efficiency, which of course is another key value driver for Dow and its shareholders. As we have demonstrated over the last several quarters, we have the ability and the resolve to take swift strategic interventions to ensure we remain solidly on track and deliver against our cash flow and EBITDA targets in the near term. Key management of our portfolio enables us to react quickly to shifting market dynamics and mitigate downside risks. This is exactly what we did earlier this month as we announced plans to adjust our footprint primarily in Western Europe in response to new structural realities. We took clear surgical actions that are directly linked to our target of delivering $250 million in cost savings this year. In addition, our efficiency for growth programs continued to deliver with another $200 million in cash this quarter due to plant reliability improvements, purchasing efficiencies and freight optimization programs. Taken together, we remain on the trajectory to reach our target of $1 billion in cash flow and cost interventions by year end. And if needed, we have identified an additional $1.5 billion in levers we can pull, which is why we continue to carefully manage growth and CapEx spending. As a result, Dow's financial discipline and foundation is indeed strong. And turning to Slide 22. This is demonstrated, as Bill has talked about, on our balance sheet and our cash flow targets, where we remain firmly on track to deliver $8 billion in cash from operations in 2011 and 2012. As you know, over the last several years, we have undertaken significant debt paydown actions and this has reduced our annual interest expense on a go-forward basis, cash and savings that go right to the bottom line. And in terms of how we plan to use this cash, we've been very clear. Our firm priority is to increasingly reward shareholders, pay down debt and invest prudently in organic growth. We delivered on our first priority with our recent announcement of a 28% increase in our second quarter dividend, and this is on top of the 67% increase we delivered last year, bringing our payout ratio within the range of our historic 45% levels and among the top of our peer group. I'm also very proud to point out that 2012 marks the centennial anniversary of Dow paying quarterly dividends. This consistent delivery of shareholder value underscores our board's commitment to pursue a dividend practice that is reflective of a growth company long term. And importantly, it signals our confidence in our ability to deliver higher and sustainable earnings growth over the long term, which brings me to our outlook on Slide 24. Our vast reach into end markets and geographies gives us a unique perspective, and the trends we are seeing are consistent with our previous outlook. We continue to see improvement and expect that it will accelerate in the back half of 2012. Asia is showing improvements, as Southeast Asia is showing solid demand growth, and Japan moves into post-tsunami recovery after a slow end to 2011. China is stabilizing and growth is likely to accelerate later this year as their government keeps shifting its policies to inspire and incentivize domestic growth. In the United States, we see improving consumer confidence coupled with cautious optimism on housing starts and remodeling investments. Add to that, tailwinds in the industrial sector driven by the country's abundant access to low-cost natural gas, which enables low-cost exports and it's easy to see why we anticipate improvements across a variety of sectors in this country. In Western Europe, we do see encouraging signs coming out of Germany. However, the rest of the region continues to struggle with structural competitive issues and debt constraints and shows recessionary trends. Therefore, our plans do not call for any material improvements over the near term. Across the end markets Dow serves, we are already benefiting from strong fundamentals in agriculture, food and industrials, and are seeing encouraging signs of improvement in construction, electronics and transportation. From a geographic perspective, we will continue to benefit from our strong positions in both the United States and Latin America. You should expect that we will continue managing our costs in Europe given the structural headwinds in that region, and we will continue to expand our footprint in Asia. On the whole, we continue our assertion that demand growth will gain momentum in the second quarter and throughout the remainder of the year. So on Slide 25, and within this context, I want to revisit our earnings growth roadmap, where we are relentlessly focused on executing against our priorities. What are they? Delivering organic growth and margin expansion by leveraging our feedstock-advantaged integrated portfolio and global reach to take advantage of growth wherever it is happening. And despite some specific and unique headwinds, on the whole, our portfolio equity companies will continue to derive benefits from their leverage to attractive regions and low-cost feedstocks. And third, we will continue commercializing new products and technologies that deliver real value to our customers and our shareholders. Let me also repeat our priorities for use of cash. Rewarding our shareholders is foremost in our minds as we grow through the organic growth that is already funded in our business plans. We have no need for acquisitions. In closing, we have had a solid start to the year. We are a company with positive momentum, and I'm confident in our growth prospects as we remain firmly on the path to higher and more consistent earnings. And with that, Doug, let's turn to Q&A.
Doug May: Thank you, Andrew. Now we'll move onto your questions. First, however, I'd like to remind you that our comments regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Audra, will you please explain the Q&A procedure?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to P.J. Juvekar at Citi.
P.J. Juvekar: Your Performance Plastics results were somewhat negatively impacted by crackers in Europe and Asia. Have you looked at sending NGLs like propylene from U.S. to some of your crackers in Europe, and does that make financial sense?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, so thank you for the clarify on Performance Plastics in the quarter, that's indeed the right observation. The compression of margins in Western Europe, many are in negative cash margin territory. We're in positive territory because of our flexi-crackers over there which, of course, then, as your question, which can we take LPGs from low-cost jurisdictions into those crackers. The answer is yes. Have we looked at U.S. exports in particular? We are evaluating that sort of thing. The real key issue is export terminal availability, especially on propane. But we are looking into it for Terneuzen in particular.
P.J. Juvekar: And just quick question on ag particularly in Seeds. You got great treatment technology, but you seem to be limited by your germplasm both here and in Latin America. Is there any thought about rounding that out through M&A or other options?
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, so ag as you -- to go backwards on your question, Latin America, we're already in double-digit territory without any feel for constraint on germplasm. In fact, our germplasm for corn and soy and cotton, we are very happy with in the U.S. as well. And in fact, we're building our position in corn without the need to go and acquire a hell a lot more germplasm because we have channels that we can get to and negotiate licensing agreements to give us value to our shareholders. However, having said that, we also -- I want you to note that, that I can talk about Enlist as a unique and unbelievable opportunity to help us with respect to maximizing the value in those channels, because we will have the most complete insect and herbicide trait package through SmartStax and Enlist. And we're looking at the next 2 years as further game changers in our access to market whether that be direct germplasm ourselves and especially in corn to get to double-digit market share, as we talked about several years ago or indeed to, in fact, do licensing.
Operator: We'll go next to Andy Cash at UBS.
Andrew W. Cash: Play off of what P.J. is talking about, these crackers. Our understanding is that in the Middle East a number of the ethylene producers were actually operating below 90% in the first quarter. So I'm just curious what was Dow's experience in the first quarter, and if it was less than 90%, why would that be the case given the very low-cost position against the naphtha crackers in Europe and elsewhere?
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, so turnarounds to -- you'll remember we've started turnarounds, so you got to take that out, but if you look at the crackers that were operating actually globally, they're all in the 90% range. So all higher and especially the U.S. Canadian crackers, which of course, as you just noted in your question, Andy, low-cost. We have lots of turnarounds this quarter. It's a big turnaround season, not really any different to this time last year it's what we see every year about -- in the spring season, if you like, in the northern hemisphere. But we really do expect 90% operating rates once they're all up and running in the back half of this year.
Andrew W. Cash: Okay. And just secondly, what were your turnaround costs in the year-ago quarter? You said it'd be up about $100 million from the first quarter, but what were they last year?
William H. Weideman: Yes. Andy, this is Bill. In the second quarter of last year, our turnaround costs were $291 million. So about $290 million. And this quarter, we're -- or second quarter this year, we're projecting around $300 million. So it'll be very similar to a year ago, but as you mentioned they will be up $100 million versus first quarter due to the summer months is when we do most of the turnaround.
Operator: Next, we'll move to John McNulty at Crdit Suisse.
John P. McNulty: Just a couple quick questions. On ag, when I look at the revenue generation, it was significant. It looks like record-breaking, and yet when we look at the margins, the margins aren't at record-breaking levels, they're actually below where they've been for the last couple of years. So I guess if you can walk us through maybe the disconnect there, and how we should be thinking about that going forward.
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, the key is we had, in our view, a record top and bottom line quarter driven by gains in both price and volume, but we have a lot of front-loading on the big launches going on not the least of them being Enlist. So that's why you should see it, we're scaling up SG&A in particular now, to the first question that was asked, I think by P.J., in terms of what we're going to do to actually see access to market. We're building that access through direct channel, and that's what you're seeing at the front end in terms of maybe taking away a little bit from the bottom line.
John P. McNulty: Okay, great. That makes sense. And then just with regard to Enlist, is it still on schedule for a late '12, early '13 launch? Is that still kind of the time frame, or is there any change to that?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. It's on time. You made me do a double negative there. Yes, it is on time for late '12.
Operator: We'll go next to Don Carson at Susquehanna Financial.
Donald Carson: Andrew, you talked about ethylene operating rates getting above 90% in the next year, so I'm just wondering. Is that sort of a comment on how positive you are about economic growth, or do you see some pent-up restocking going on? And maybe as part of that, can you just comment on how you see the balance of this year shaping up, particularly in demand out of Asia?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. So I think it's -- the last part of your point is the Asian dynamic has been quite troubled for lots of reasons. Not the least of them being Japan and post-tsunami Japan, and many -- much of the capacity not coming back up again. And then, of course, the squeeze on margins out there due to the higher oil and naphtha price. Even many of the state owned crackers in China are under severe pressure to actually change their entire footprint. We ourselves have been asked to come in and help them. In fact, help them with flexi-crackers and they want to start in their shale gas in a big way, not that they've discovered a lot yet. But you can see a new dynamic happening in Asia, which is running crackers where they have return on capital as their metric rather than just running them. And that's creating a very different dynamic in terms of North American exports to Asia. I tell you, Don, we're about to enter, unless we do something really silly on energy policy, a golden age again for North American exports to Asia based on the new dynamic in Asia and good solid growth, 7.5% in China is slower than normal, but still very solid growth as well as the North America arbitrage ethane to naphtha. We'll create operating rates that we feel will be for the next 3 or 4 years in the 90-plus range, but U.S. will be the exporter of very close second resort, if not competitive with many of the crackers even in the Middle East.
John P. McNulty: And just as a follow-up, any update on the Kuwaiti arbitration, which always seems to be 4 to 6 weeks away?
Andrew N. Liveris: I take your comment with a grain of salt that my answer will now provide you I said days, weeks, not months, and I'll stay there.
Operator: Next one to Bob Koort at Goldman Sachs.
Robert Koort: Andrew, I get a sense from some investors' reluctance to take a position in your stock ahead of the summer where there seems to be some speculation that there's going to a crashing of ethylene margins. And I guess when I look at the ethane costs out in the future, they're actually flat to a little bit down even after all these shutdowns are over. So I was just wondering, I know you talked about sometime in the second half, things loosening. Can you give a little more specifics about what you see happening as your own shutdowns cease in the summer, and sort of what we might expect later in this year?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, look, I can't conjecture about the reason people don't come into the stock. But to the extent they're trying to read the cycle down to the month, I think they -- people do overreact to that. I think our numbers speak for themselves. We've said it will be volatile through the cracker season. And as the crackers come back up, they'll be lots of demand and not as much supplies, that will get tight again. So Q2, Q3 will remain volatile, but we believe by Q4 and beyond, it will go structurally long and stayed there for several years. So you can expect this up and down volatility in the next several months to continue. At the same time, normalized demand recovery environment, which we are seeing in the United States, I don't want to repeat what I said in my commentary and we said in our press release. We are seeing recovery in some really good areas in the U.S., not the least of them being construction, which is a pretty powerful signal. First time we've seen that for several years, and we are seeing it across a range of our different businesses. I think U.S. being a strong economy, being the size it this, will help price increase environment in the resin as well. So you're going to see the double effect of that tighter ethylene based on low-cost ethane, U.S. running hard exports as well as domestic going up and price power in all those [ph] plastics.
Robert Koort: If I could follow up. The ethane markets have been talked to death, and I think people are pretty aware of a long position developing until the mega crackers start up again several years out, but can you give us a brief education on the propane markets. I know on your slide you talked about a $4 natural gas price. Does this imply we should see an elevation in propane? Or are we going to see the same sort of excess supply dynamics and switch outs of propane for natural gas heating and keeping those markets long as well?
Andrew N. Liveris: We've always said certainly in our calls and in our investor roadshows that one thing people don't read as detailed as they read the ethane is in fact the propane dynamic, which is a governor on the ethane dynamic. In essence, propane going structurally long as U.S. natural gas recalibrates back to some normalized number in the, let's call it $4 range. As ethane calibrates around that based on a premium to natural gas at the $4 range. Propane will be -- it's alternative value is the fuel market, but the fuel market is structurally long based on natural gas and ethane. So what happens is it has to be exported but there's not enough export terminal being built. So as a consequence of that, propane will become a very, very favorable feedstock for flexi-crackers that can take it, which will include ours. So even our U.S. announcement last week, we'll be able to take some propane into that cracker, won't be a pure ethane cracker because of this natural effect. Therefore, we believe propane dehydrogenation and the arbitrage to propylene will be a competitive advantage for many years to come, and there is no natural new sync for propane. Of course, over time, export capacity will be built, and so back to P.J.'s question we'll be able to even export some of it ourselves, but we believe for us, it's 1/3 of U.S. Gulf Coast capability and propane cracking resides with Dow, and we'll be able to use as a natural governor on ethane price if ethane price tends to go high.
Operator: We'll go next to Peter Butler at Glen Hill Investments.
Peter Butler: I had 2 short questions and a comment. One of the questions is, I think in the history of Dow, I've never sat through a conference call without the word polyethylene being mentioned. Has Howard disappeared, or what's going on?
Andrew N. Liveris: So, no, Howard has not disappeared and Performance Plastics, which as you know, is realigned to now have a market orientation. That market orientation, Peter, is recreated in a complete new way because of packaging. And we bought the Rohm and Haas Packaging Adhesives Materials business, combined it with our plastics franchise, our polyethylene franchise and have created an $8 billion packaging unit, which really, today, is technology-driven, market-driven and takes the feedstock advantage as a bonus. In other words, Howard's machine is market-driven. And then the second part of that is Elastomers, which had a bang-up quarter especially into automotive. And the third part of that is Health -- Hygiene and Medical, which goes into everything from diapers to you name it, wound care. And as a consequence of that, what the unit is doing today is what we promised it would to. We've moved away from commodity resin sales, and we've moved into value-add technology, market-driven sales across those 4 buckets. Of course, we still make a lot of resin, but we don't want to -- to use the term, Howard's term, we're not pellet heads. We are market-driven solutions providers.
Peter Butler: Second question is earlier in the first quarter, the wag among the Dow folks that I talked to was almost despair about how bad the quarter was going to be, and then you report something that's above first call which implies that March was not just a good quarter but a fantastic quarter, and I'm wondering whether maybe you're are being too conservative if you take margin multiplied by 3, don't you get a pretty nice number for the second quarter?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. So look, January February was always jury out, and we said it in the latter part when we announced the Q4 that Chinese New Year was going to be seminal. The thing that's happened, Peter, is the sales momentum, especially as you just said March, which we saw a plus 20% over year-over-year. That was almost across the board, across every sector and across all geographies, including China. The China rebound was kind of tepid after Chinese New Year in February but started picking up in March. So now if you look going forward, that momentum has continued on into Q2 and with our cost intervention, because Europe is still a bit of a weight, with our cost interventions in Europe in particular but certainly even the big takedown of the plant in Brazil. We feel the U.S. is showing tailwinds and strength, and Asia is good to strong and Latin America is good to strong. So we believe we don't want to be irrationally exuberant, good curtail winds coming out of March.
Peter Butler: Okay. The comment, Andrew, is my hat is off to Dow's top management regarding your intention to grow organically without the help of investment bankers who, in my experience, would marry a rabbit to a snake. But I think the more money that goes to the owners while avoiding potential acquisition errors [ph]has got to be a huge new plus for Dow stock and the Dow story.
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, it's the focus around -- we, in the last 5 years, we've executed around one of the most major portfolio transformations in Dow's history, probably nothing bigger has been done like this since the '40s and '50s when we got into petrochemicals in the first place. That 5 or 6 years has put us in a great position. We have the portfolio in place to deliver the cash we promised our shareholders and the earnings targets that underpin that, which also means then that we have to continue to execute and deliver shareholder remuneration. That is the single focus here. It's a drumbeat that we have out there for a year. The dividend increase hopefully shows that we're serious, the board is serious and is all about execution from here, Peter. We don't need acquisitions for the reasons I just said.
Operator: And next we'll go to Vincent Andrews at Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Maybe you could talk a little bit more about March. A lot of the companies that have reported so far, March has sort of been this magical month where all of a sudden customers just sort got back to doing business. So maybe in some of your businesses or in important geographies, could you just sort of help us understand the customer conversations and how they changed in March and sort of what was it that went away,  was it fear, was it strong underlying demand that was actually improving, or was it rebuilding inventory, or what were the dynamics?
Andrew N. Liveris: I think it's a great question. I think it would be fair to say it's all of the above. I mean I'd tell the rebuilding of inventory especially after the very low points of late last year. Now we took actions and moved volume to capture share. Now what's going as we're out there with good operating rates. I mean, let me give you polyurethanes as a good example. Polyurethanes in the United States gained share late last year, has kept share and has now got price increases in place. And so as you go forward, whether it's epoxy or propylene oxide-based polyols, we actually are seeing strength. And it's share plus price, and it all was really started to take traction in March, as people started to rebuild inventories. But then the other amplifier, and we talked about this in the Q4 call. We said the amplifier would be if the market started to take traction again based on confidence. The restocking will be an amplifier and that's indeed what we saw in March. The fact that it all happened in March versus February and March, that's a fairly new dynamic but we're watching this carefully. We track it, if not daily, weekly here and we're seeing the order book is reasonably strong on the March clock, not on the first quarter clock. So the quarter is looking like March, not like the quarter, not like Q1.
Vincent Andrews: And maybe just a quick follow-up on your inventory days at 75 days. Could you just put that in perspective with -- is that, do you consider that normal for now or is it the function of rebuilding your operating rate or how should we think about that trending as we move through the second quarter?
William H. Weideman: This is Bill Weiderman. That's actually normal. We normally build inventory in the first quarter in advance of our higher turnaround season, and so it's very much in line, it was very planned in terms of building that inventory level. So as you know, in the first quarter, working capital ends up being a use of funds in Dow and as we move through the year becomes the source of fund. so very much in line with past practice.
Operator: We'll go next to Kevin McCarthy at Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin W. McCarthy: A question on your balance sheet and cash flow. If we look at the last year or so, it looks like your net debt over the past 12 months has come down, $865 million, and that's probably within $50 million or so of proceeds that you've gotten from divestitures. Meanwhile, you've obviously had a lot of large capital projects on the Gulf, Middle East, a large recent dividend increase. Should we infer from this that you're reasonably happy with the structure of the balance sheet today, or what should we expect with regard to leverage over the next year or 2?
William H. Weideman: This is Bill, again. Well, as you know, we made significant progress deleveraging our balance sheet over the last few years, and we've also got a significant amount of liquidity. Having said that, clearly as we've mentioned and reemphasized our cash priorities. As Andrew mentioned, our priorities will continue to be remunerating shareholders but also continuing to delever. So -- and then also funding growth, and we believe with our projected cash flows, we have the ability to do all 3.
Kevin W. McCarthy: Okay. Then, Andrew, as a follow-up, if I may, on the propane line of discussion. If I look at the April benchmarks for the U.S. Gulf, it looks like the propane crack is within about $0.02 of the ethane-based ethylene margin. Meanwhile, export capacity constraint, it looks like propane is getting longer here. So my question is over the next 6 months or so, do you foresee a scenario where propane gets long enough to catalyze enough feedstock switching to drive ethane into the cost floor? Is that perhaps an upside scenario for you over the next couple of quarters?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. You've just said a much more eloquent job than I did in answering the question, but I think you articulate exactly a scenario that we think will play out.
Operator: We'll go next to Frank Mitsch at Wells Fargo Securities.
Frank J. Mitsch: Andrew, you've given some a very constructive comments on March, I'm wondering where you stand on this pull-forward debate that has gone on in the ag side between Monsanto and Dupont. And also perhaps comment on the favorable weather here in the first quarter. What sort of impact did you see, if any, in terms of a pull-forward from Q2 into Q1 that was either weather-related, related to ag or related to construction?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, so on ag, thanks again, Frank, for giving me a chance to just say that ag had just a blow-out quarter, and I know the others out there did as well. But look, just our sales in our new ag chem products, I mean, 41% versus same quarter last year on the news whether it be SmartStax, pyroxsulam, [indiscernible] but we all did well. The ag fundamentals because of this weather, we believe there might be a $0.01 pull-forward for us. That's about it based in our mix. Why? Because we've been gaining share -- our Seed, Traits and Oils posted outstanding mid double-digit growth in Q1. It's now $1 billion business. This will be a longer season in both ag chem as well as in construction to answer your question.
Frank J. Mitsch: Okay, great. And thank you for the update on EVOQUE. Can you offer some sort of guidepost in terms of how big can that business get to when it gets to maturity?
Andrew N. Liveris: I'm going to probably defer to answer that question to the next earnings call, and the only reason I'm doing that is that we're doing June strategy week, and our Dow Coating Materials business has been in here, and we're very excited by the slide we provided you in this deck, which shows you market penetration. This is potentially a $500 million NPV launch. And the most important part of this is it's gen-1 only and it's near term, and we have the assets pretty much in place. So this is near-term EBITDA not back loaded. And I will give you more on it in the next call if you remember to ask.
Operator: We'll take our last question from David Begleiter at Deutsche Bank.
David L. Begleiter: Andrew, just on U.S. ethane prices. I know you have a lag versus published prices. Did we see the full benefits of the very low ethane price in your numbers, or will we see those more in Q2?
Andrew N. Liveris: So the turnaround season is a driver to answering your question. As you know, it's currently trading at about $0.50. We expect that will be what you'll see in Q2 but there is a slight lag, one; and two, to the previous question that was asked on volatility, it will go structurally long in Q4. But yes, I mean, it lags slightly and it lags slightly in our numbers mostly because of polyethylene.
David L. Begleiter: And just on propylene, Andrew, what was the headwind from the propylene price increases you saw on Q1 versus your own selling price increases and will that reverse, do you think, or will price increases catch up with propylene in Q2?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, they will catch up in Q2. And it's just simple, the dynamic around the quarter that people have asked about which is January and February were slow and so traction was hard. But as the market came back with the strong tailwind in March as we've already answered, their price increases started to go through and you'll see much more of that in the whole quarter versus the month.
Doug May: Okay, thank you very much. Andrew, do you want to make a few comments to close.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. Look, I'm loath to use sporting analogies because some of you have used them for headlines but look, this was straight down the fairway tee shot, the quarter. Middle of the fairway, not above a Watson shot, although he did pretty well. This was right down the middle of fairway, green in sight. And as far as Dow AgroScience is concerned, they actually got on the green in one. And so we have work to do in the volatile economy, but we have tailwinds and we have strength. Where? I've mentioned AgroScience. I also said that we're seeing positive indicators of construction, transportation and electronics, and we're also seeing a stronger U.S., and with good tailwinds and Dow's great position in the United States enhanced by the feedstocks that we've talked about and the technology launches we've talked about whether they be in AgroSciences or whether they be EVOQUE. So there's a momentum going on, and the momentum will ensure that we keep delivering our quarters and our cash flow and our shareholder remuneration as Peter Butler said, this is a different Dow. We are very focused on execution in the current portfolio, so we can delever, but as critically important to us, show to all of you why your patience in us is justified. This is a company that's executing and will continue to execute. We look forward to talking to you on the next call.
Doug May: Thank you, Andrew, and thank you, everyone, for your questions and for joining us this morning. We do appreciate your interest in The Dow Chemical Company. For your reference, a copy of our prepared comments will be posted on Dow's website later today. This concludes our call, and we look forward to speaking to you again soon. Thank you.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Again, thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-02 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Dow Chemical Company's Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Also, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Doug May, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Doug May: Thank you, Alicia. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual we're making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of the Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Dave Johnson, Director in Investor Relations. Around 7:00 a.m. this morning, February 2, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and was posted on the Internet on dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are posted on our website on the Presentations page of the Investor Relations section and through the link to our webcast. Some of our comments today include statements about expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you'd like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings, which are available on the Internet at dow.com. In addition, some of our comments reference non-GAAP financial measures. Presentation of and reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and the prepared slides and on our website. Unless otherwise, specified, all comparisons presented today will be on a year-over-year basis. Sales, price, volume comparisons exclude the impact of divestitures and EBITDA, EBITDA margins and earnings comparisons exclude certain items. The agenda for today's call is on Slide 3. I will now hand the call over to Andrew.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Doug. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. If you turn to Slide 4, 2011 proved to be yet another successful and strategically important year for Dow. We reached new milestones and drove a focused agenda with clear priorities. As you know, the fourth quarter presented our industry with a challenging operating environment with new uncertainty driven mostly because of the sovereign debt issues in Western Europe, coupled with traditional seasonality, led to substantial destocking across supply chains, as customers reduced inventories prior to year end. We anticipate this volatility and we're prepared. Our company acted swiftly and purposefully, as we said we would. At our Investor Day last fall and during our third quarter earnings announcement, we discussed the levers we could pull and the interventions we would take if necessary. And that's exactly what we did. We cut discretionary spending. We took action to improve operating rates. We tightly managed working capital, and these actions generated cash from operations of $2 billion in the quarter. Over the last several months, we have been very focused on our interventions, which delivered results as follows: earnings per share excluding certain items were $0.25. Note that we had several certain items that impacted our reported EPS and resulted in an effective tax rate of more than 76% in the quarter. The largest of these was a noncash tax charge that reduced earnings by $0.23 per share. Bill will provide more details on this momentarily. Sales increased in all geographic areas. Importantly, we achieved a new quarterly sales record in the emerging geographies. In fact, this quarter our sales in emerging geographies reached 35% of total global sales, hitting our stated medium-term target. The benefits of our broad and growing global footprint were evident in our volume results, as growth in emerging geographies fully offset weakness in developed regions, particularly Western Europe. Price rose in all geographic areas and all operating segments, offsetting a $476 million increase in feedstock and energy costs.  And Agricultural Sciences delivered strong results, achieving record fourth quarter sales and EBITDA. Turn to Slide 5. Given these weak market conditions, our operating rate declined to 72% during the quarter, which drove quick interventions to mitigate downside risk mostly to tightly manage volume and inventory. And as you look at Slide 6, as a result, our operating rate reached an inflection point in November and recovered 7 percentage points in December. Importantly, this enabled us to exit the quarter with momentum. In fact, December volume was 10 percentage points higher than December 2010. Turn to Slide 7. As a result of our interventions, we generated solid cash from operations in the quarter and ended the year with a stronger net debt to capital position. As you can see, we did exactly what we said we would do. We intervened to mitigate risks without sacrificing our strategic objectives. This focus served us well throughout 2011 and will continue into 2012, which brings me to our results for the full year on Slide 8. 2011 was a year in which Dow demonstrated the strength of our transformed portfolio and delivered significant top and bottom line growth. Here are the headlines. Earnings per share grew 29% year-over-year, and revenue grew 18%, reaching a new level for the company. Sales in fast-growing emerging regions surpassed $19 billion for the first time in Dow's history, and sales in Asia Pacific were also a record topping $10.5 billion. Equity earnings reached a new milestone of $1.2 billion, and EBITDA rose 12% from 2010. We commercialized a steady stream of new innovations and launched strategic investments and partnerships that will catapult our ability to capture more demand in the world's fastest-growing regions, all from a cost advantage and integrated manufacturing position. We retired $4.8 billion of debt in 2011 and delivered cash from operating activities of nearly $4 billion despite headwinds in the quarter. This places us firmly on track to achieve our cumulative target of $8 billion in 2011 and 2012. And we delivered on our commitment to increasingly reward shareholders, evidenced by 67% dividend increase. All of this enabled us to exit the year with tremendous financial flexibility. Our -- as a result, Dow is stronger and better positioned than we were just a few short years ago. Our results for 2011 are a validation of our scale, our diversity and our resiliency to weather volatile economic conditions better than others and take advantage of opportunities created by the changing times. These results are also a testament to our strong resolve to deliver on our commitments. If you turn to Slide 9, this brings me to our strategic agenda and our earnings growth path. Our EBITDA target of $10 billion is a goal against which our entire organization is aligned. We have what it takes to win and we will. We are confident both in our ability to protect the base when we encounter volatility but more importantly, in our momentum to achieve earnings growth. We are resolutely focused on executing against our strategic priorities, and I'll have more to say later in the call about our plans moving forward. But first, let me now turn it over to Bill for more detail on our financial and operating results in the quarter.
William H. Weideman: Thank you, Andrew. I'll be starting on Slide 10. Dow posted sales of $14.1 billion, up 5%, excluding divestitures. On a reported basis, we posted a loss of $0.02 per share. Earnings, excluding certain items, were $0.25 per share with EBITDA of $1.8 billion on the same basis. Certain items in the quarter included a tax charge for setting up a valuation allowance related to losses in Brazil of $264 million, which is equivalent to $0.23 per share. The valuation allowance will not impact our ability to utilize the Brazil tax loss carry forwards in the future for our cash tax rate. Our 2012 global estimated tax rate remained in the 20% to 25% range, as we previously communicated. Now turning to volume trends in the quarter on Slide 11. Overall, volume was flat year-over-year, as our emerging geographies delivered growth of 7%, fully offsetting weak demand in the developed regions. This was led by China, which was up an impressive 12%. Looking across our operating segments, Agricultural Sciences, Performance Plastics and Feedstock and Energy all reported volume growth. Coatings and Infrastructure Solution reported a decline in volume due to persistent headwinds in the construction industry. Electronic and Functional Materials saw a reduction in demanded due to recognized softness in electronics. Now moving to price on Slide 12. We achieved a 5% increase versus the fourth quarter of last year. Increases were broad based and led by Feedstock and Energy, which was up 11%. I'd like to provide some insight on the key drivers of our operating performance this quarter. As we've mentioned, broad-based price increases more than offset the rise in purchased hydrocarbon energy costs. However, our operating rate fell 9%, meaning we recovered less of our fixed costs due to lower demand, customer destocking and working capital management. Equity earnings declined, mainly due to margin contraction in ethylene derivatives as well as start-up costs at our HPPO plant in Thailand. Now turning to our operating segments. On Slide 14, you can see the key drivers behind performance in our operating segments in the quarter. Let me point out just a few highlights. Electronic Materials saw modest volume declines, as strong demands gains in Display Technologies were offset by lower demand in Interconnect and Semiconductor Technologies. Dow Water & Process Solutions reported double-digit demand growth increases across all geographic areas. Results in Dow Coating Materials reflected weak demand in architectural and industrial sectors, as volume declined in all geographic areas. This was offset in part by pricing initiatives. Agricultural Sciences continues to benefit from solid industry fundamentals with record fourth quarter and full year sales as well as record fourth quarter EBITDA. In Performance Materials, sales were up 4%, driven by price. Epoxy sales contracted due to weaker industry fundamentals in phenolics and allylics, as customers reduced inventory levels. Polyurethanes volume increased by more than 10% with double-digit gains in all geographic regions except for Latin America, which was impacted by an extended turnaround. Performance Plastics saw volume growth in all geographies led by Asia Pacific. Dow Elastomers posted strong results due to stable demand in consumer goods, and polyethylene demand grew 4% in the quarter with volume increases in all geographies except EMEA, which was flat. And finally, Feedstock and Energy recorded a double-digit sales gain, driven primarily by price. On Slide 15, I'd like to cover a few additional financial highlights. We continued our tight control of working capital. DSO was steady at 44 days, and DSI was down 8 days versus the prior quarter. Our focused efforts on working capital and discretionary spending generated $2 billion of cash flow from operations. Net debt to total cap improved to 40.8%, and we exceeded our pension contribution goal, contributing over $800 million of cash in 2011. Over the past 2 years, we have made cumulative cash contributions of $1.5 billion to our pension plans. Now for 2012 modeling purposes, here are a few items to consider. We have adjusted our CapEx spending projection for the year to $2.5 billion, in line with current macroeconomic conditions. We expect our R&D spending to be flat with 2011, which given the current economic climate, underscores our ongoing commitment to preserving our innovation agenda. Pension expense will increase approximately $200 million, and we expect cash contributions will rise about $100 million. And we expect first quarter turnaround expenses will be up $60 million sequentially and $40 million year-over-year. Let me close by making a few comments regarding our near-term financial priorities, where we have made substantial progress over the past year. My near-term financial priorities are to generate $8 billion in cash flow from operations in 2011 through 2012, ensure that our operational efficiency and cost reduction measures deliver bottom line results and continue to focus on our 3 priorities for cash: rewarding shareholders, reducing debt and funding organic growth. In summary, we are committed to achieving our financial targets. And now I'd like to turn it back over to Andrew.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Bill. 2011 was a year in which Dow demonstrated its strong resolve, firm financial discipline and focus on operational efficiency. Moving forward, you can expect more of the same. Execution must and will be our #1 priority. Turning to Slide 18. Over the next few minutes, I'd like to provide some granularity on our expectations for 2012, how Dow is prepared to stay the course and deliver on our strategic priorities; leveraging our formidable feedstock advantage, something that will play into our strengths as the year progresses; pivoting integrated technology-rich portfolio and geographic reach to capture growth where it is happening most rapidly; advancing traction of our newly launch innovations with a focus on impact to the bottom line; and continuing to drive our operating and capital efficiency, pulling levers to mitigate risks and ensure we remain firmly on track to reach our near-term targets. So covering each in turn, on Slide 19, first, our unique ability to take advantage of attractive shale gas dynamics and the ethylene cycle. Today, 70% of our global ethylene assets are in cost-advantaged regions, with trapped gas in Canada and Argentina, as well as advantage feedstock positions in the Middle East and of course, the United States, giving Dow a huge advantage. Take for example the U.S. Gulf Coast, where ethane-based assets have fallen dramatically down the cost curve. Dow is at the epicenter of this trend. We invested more than $500 million between 2005 through 2008 to increase our feedstock flexibility, and these investments are driving bottom line results today, yielding margins that are better than the industry average. Now there has recently been a great deal of discussion regarding supply and demand dynamics for ethane in the United States. As a reminder, we were among the first to declare a comprehensive plan to take advantage of the structural change in the U.S. Natural Gas Liquids market. From our perspective, fundamentals have not changed. Through the first half of 2012, we see ethane as essentially balanced with specific supply-demand events, such as industry turnarounds or supply disruptions triggering pricing fluctuations. But we maintained our position that ethane will go long structurally in the second half of 2012, as fractionation and pipeline investments accelerate faster than the ability of petrochemicals producers to consume ethane. Within this framework, the strength of Dow's superior position becomes evident. Given our current annual ethane consumption, every $0.10 per gallon decline in ethane adds nearly $200 million of EBITDA annually. So turning to Slide 20 in looking ahead, we're taking significant and proactive steps to capture further advantage, not only from increasing supplies of U.S. shale gas but also as industry operating rates improve. In fact, it appears the capacity startups are taking longer than anticipated, and this now seems likely to accelerate the industry's ramp-up to 90-plus percent operating rates. Dow's investments are perfectly timed and located. They will increase our ethylene production capabilities by as much as 20% in the U.S. over the next 2 to 3 years and allow us to deliver as much as 90% of our North American ethylene from ethane, increasing our leverage to the ethane advantage at a time when ethane prices are declining as ethylene margins are expanding. Collectively, our investments will deliver additional EBITDA of roughly $2 billion annually by 2017. As a reminder, the next major step of our action plan will come online towards the end of this year, when we restart a cracker in Louisiana. These investments underscored Dow's transformational strategy and action, providing meaningful benefits to our downstream, technology-focused businesses, which brings me to our integrated portfolio on Slide 21. Feedstocks and Energy is taking advantage of fundamentals that played very much in our favor as we just discussed. On the propylene side, while we expect some typical seasonality, prices on the whole should remain more moderate, providing more consistency for our downstream derivatives. And we are taking steps to fully integrate our U.S. propylene chain. In January, we signed a technology licensing agreement for our new propylene production facility, which will be built in Texas and is targeted for start-up in 2015. Again, it is about one thing and one thing alone, enhancing profitability and competitiveness in our downstream businesses. Meanwhile from a chemicals perspective, we believe caustic soda industry fundamentals will remain steady in the near term. As a result, this entire segment is delivering within its normalized margin range of 8% to 12%, and we will continue to optimize margins moving forward. Turning to Slide 22 and Performance Plastics. This portfolio also stands to benefit significantly from the psychodynamics we've discussed. Take our polyethylene franchise, where 90% of our assets are in the first and second quartile of manufacturing costs. Couple this with our superior technology position, and it's clear to see why we have the broadest and most profitable product offering. As you know, Performance Plastics is being retooled, building a market-focused approach and today delivering preeminent technology to attractive end markets such as health and hygiene, food packaging and elastomers. This division is already delivering EBITDA margins within the range of 20%, and we anticipate volume growth and margins in this segment will accelerate significantly in the second quarter and continue into the back half of 2012. On Slide 23, turning to Performance Materials. While this division is managing several specific near-term headwinds, particularly in the services envelope, it has great potential with an incredible number of differentiated technologies. This is reflected in the normalized margin targets we have projected for this division, 15% to 18%. Now margins are currently operating below that target, which is why Performance Materials is squarely focused on diligent price and volume and cost actions, as well as continuing to execute portfolio management to ensure we have the right business mix. Furthermore, as already mentioned, we continue to move forward with our investments in propylene integration on the U.S. Gulf Coast, which will bolster this division's feedstock position over the medium to longer term delivering more substantial and sustainable margin improvements. Turning to Slide 24 and Coatings and Infrastructure, where capacity expansions and technology launches are taking shape. Our Coatings business is working with customers across the entire industry to launch new formulations with our game-changing EVOQUE technology. Our Solar business has launched its award-winning Solar Shingle, already securing customer and authorized dealer relationships in Colorado and moving now into Texas and California. And our Water business continues to outperform with undisputed leadership in RO membranes and growing strength in ion-exchange resins. Weak fundamentals in the construction sector have tempered margins in the near term, demonstrated by our 2011 margin performance of 17% versus a target of 20% to 25%. However, our diverse technology and innovation platforms are enabling us to mitigate headwinds and will drive tremendous earnings power as recovery begins to take hold. Turning to Slide 25 in Electronic and Functional Materials. We see bright spots in handheld devices such as media tablets and smartphones. Our new product introductions in Display Technologies are gaining significant momentum, and our business continues to record customer wins. In fact, nearly 30% of 2011 sales in Electronic Materials were from new innovations. The bottom line is this: our Electronic Materials business continues to outperform its peers even in the midst of temporary headwinds. And with our Functional Materials business serving resilient sectors such as food and pharmaceuticals, this segment is delivering near the range of its 25% EBITDA target at 24% even with short-term headwinds. Turning to Slide 26. And last but not least is our Agricultural Sciences segment, which is delivering outstanding results in part due to strong industry fundamentals. But what really has excited us about this portfolio is the wave of technology innovation we have under way, investments that will continue to support our growth for many years to come. We posted record performance both in the quarter and for the year in this segment. Our sales of new agricultural chemical products grew more than 20% over last year, and with exciting launches coming up in 2012, such as sulfoxaflor, we are squarely on track to exceed our target of $800 million in annual sales from these products by 2013. And our Seeds, Traits and Oils sales grew 35% last year, with significant gains in key crops including corn and cotton. In fact, we are well on our way to achieving our goal of becoming a $1 billion global corn business. This segment has developed more products per dollar invested than any other company in this space. We launched 4 major solutions in the last 3 years, and we are on track to launch 4 more this year. Our current EBITDA margin performance of 16% reflects this focus on our technology pipeline and our forward investments in R&D. And our normalized target range of 25% illustrates the strong potential this segment boasts moving forward, which naturally brings me to innovation on Slide 27. As we committed, 2011 was a year which we commercialized a steady stream of new innovations, innovations that address the needs of our customers, while solving challenges in energy, agriculture and infrastructure as well as the needs of a growing consumer society. Nearly 1/3 of our sales last year were delivered from products launched in the last 5 years, and we're not stopping there. In fact, we filed more than 450 new patents just in 2011. On the whole, our innovations have delivered $400 million of incremental EBITDA in the past 2 years. We are targeting to deliver $500 million in 2012, on our way to a goal of $2 billion of EBITDA from innovation by 2015. Let's turn to Slide 28 and to our vast and growing geographic footprint. The value of our global expansion was on full display, particularly in the second half of 2011, as demand gains captured in emerging regions balanced volume declines in other geographies. The investments we have made over the past few years are serving us well today, as we demonstrated in the fourth quarter with 35% of our sales from emerging regions. Moving forward, our strategic growth investments will further enhance and expand connectivity with our customers and the markets they serve. First and foremost, the Sadara, our game-changing joint venture with Saudi Aramco that will address rapid demand growth across a variety of end markets and regions. Comprised of 26 manufacturing units, this complex will be one of the world's largest integrated chemical facilities and the largest ever built in one single phase. In Eastern Europe, we recently signed a joint venture agreement with Aksa in Turkey to manufacture and globally commercialize carbon fiber, tapping into a large and growing industry. In Asia, we have invested and continue to invest in new capacity, particularly to support growth in our Advanced Materials businesses. Simply stated, Dow's scale and reach give us unique insights into end markets, regions and consumer preferences, insights that position us perfectly to tap into further growth and to do so from a significant world-leading feedstock advantage. So let me turn to Slide 29, and before turning to our outlook, I want to provide you with an update regarding interventions we have put in place to mitigate economic uncertainty. You may recall that at our Investor Day in October, we outlined $2.5 billion of levers we could pull should macro conditions warrant. A number of these interventions are now in motion and are delivering results. For example, as we announced on Investor Day, our efficiency for growth program accelerated, and by year end 2011, it has exceeded our expectations. We said we would deliver $250 million of cash. In fact, this program has delivered more than $500 million of cash since its launch in May 2011 by driving initiatives to improve freight and raw materials costs and reduce back-office expenses, just to name a few examples. As we continue our relentless focus on execution, we will deliver another $750 million of cash from this efficiency for growth initiative in 2012. Let me turn to Slide 30. On top of this commitment, we also initiated new cost-reduction efforts in late 2011, taking actions such as reducing contractor levels and further tightening discretionary spending. These initiatives began to take hold in December, and we will accelerate them in the first quarter. Our goal is to deliver an additional $250 million of cash from cost interventions in 2012. Let's turn to Slide 31. Taken together, these moves place us well on track to reach our target of $1 billion in cash flow and cost interventions this year. And we still have an additional $1.5 billion of levers we can pull if we need to, which is why we will continue to carefully manage growth and CapEx spending, ensuring our investments track closely with macroeconomic conditions. We also continue to look for opportunities to prune our portfolio of non-core and underperforming assets. As a result of all these actions, Dow's financial discipline and foundation is indeed strong. Let's turn to Slide 22 -- 32. We're also on track to achieve our near-term cash-generation goals. Importantly, we made significant progress against our $8 billion target, delivering nearly $4 billion in 2011, which is particularly notable given the significant headwinds our industry faced late in the year. Moving forward, we continue to focus on our 3 priorities for uses of cash: rewarding shareholders, deleveraging and investing in prudent organic growth. Our firm priority is to generate cash and return cash to our shareholders. Allow me to be very clear. We do not need M&A. Our portfolio is in place and it is delivering growth. So let me turn to Slide 33 and our outlook for 2012. In the U.S., we see signs of a gradual recovery. In fact, last week, was the 17th consecutive week of stronger U.S. economic data. This improving sentiment is translating into a healthy demand outlook for Dow's Plastics Packaging and Elastomers businesses and our Performance Materials segment, particularly in transportation and consumer durables as well as energy-related market sectors. However, we do expect the continued pause in Electronics in the first quarter due to excess inventory in conjunction with typically slow seasonality. And although the construction sector appears to have found its bottom, we do not expect a meaningful snap-back in the near term. However, 2 powerful and positive factors will reinforce U.S. recovery: the region's competitive energy position due to low-cost natural gas and increasing demand growth as restocking begins to gain in traction from low inventory levels. The restocking effect will accelerate near-term demand. In Western Europe, volatile conditions due to the sovereign debt issues remain the primary headwind, and demand will continue to be weak at least through the first half of the year. On the positive side, however, growth rates in emerging geographies, regions that represented 35% of Dow's revenues in the fourth quarter, are expected to remain healthy, driven by needs for growing populations, needs such as agriculture, food packaging and water, to name a few. Taken on the whole, we believe demand growth will begin to gain momentum as we move through the second quarter and the remainder of the year. And we see meaningful improvements in Asia, Latin America, Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa and the United States as well as positive accelerators for growth from restocking in most value chains across the world and improving feedstock dynamics, especially in the U.S. as the year progresses. Let's turn to Slide 34. Within this context, I want to revisit our earnings growth roadmap against which our management team's priorities are squarely focused. We will deliver organic growth and margin expansion by moving quickly to take advantage of growth where it is happening most rapidly, capturing volume as demand recovers and further capitalizing on increasingly favorable feedstock dynamics. Our portfolio of equity companies will continue to drive benefits from the leverage to attractive regions and low-cost feedstocks. And our innovations will continue to deliver real value both to our customers and to Dow. The bottom line is this. We will deliver. Our management team is fully aligned and accountable for protecting our growth path and delivering against the milestones that support our near-term earnings targets, the milestones we reiterated during our October 2011 Investor Day. Our transformation is complete, and it's time to execute and reap the rewards. Our earnings power has shifted higher because of a secular change in the global cost curves and our technology-rich portfolio. Given this increase in earnings and cash flow and a plethora of funded growth projects, we do not see the need for M&A. As such, the smartest use of excess funds will be to distribute this cash to our shareholders. With that, Doug, let's turn to Q&A.
Doug May: Thank you, Andrew. Now as we move on to your questions, I'd like to remind you that my comments regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply both to our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Alicia, will you please explain the Q&A procedure?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to John McNulty from Crdit Suisse.
John P. McNulty: A question on the cost-cutting and efficiency improvements, it looks like it should be a decent tailwind for you in 2012. I know originally when you had outlined, I guess, the -- all the potential cuts at your Investor Day, some of them were maybe more extreme for more extreme environments. They also might, at least in the near term, nick some of the growth. Have you started to implement those? Or are these more some of the moderate ones and you still have a lot more levers to pull?
Andrew N. Liveris: The latter, John. Clearly, the latter. We have not cut into muscle. We still have lots of funds for growth. We're just being strict to portfolio and prioritization, especially against Western Europe lags. So some of the more commodity-oriented businesses in Western Europe, for example, are being de-resourced. And we will assess as the year goes by how much of that is a structural fix versus; just a temporary fix.
John P. McNulty: Great. And maybe just as a follow-up, you'd indicated your December operating rates jumped about 7% if I remember correctly. And I guess I'm wondering what actually drove that. Did you shut facilities down? Or I guess, how do you -- how do -- how should we think about that in terms of the sustainability of those operating rates?
Andrew N. Liveris: With notable exception in Plastics where we actually pushed price in the quarter. We, in early November, as a team, put our heads together and pushed volume. We basically made the decision that this was a temporary restocking event, that this wasn't structural, that as a consequence of that, all of our low-cost positions around the world, notably the U.S., should be maximized in terms of operating rate. So we started pushing volume around the world where growth was -- is, and that absolutely, totally helped the operating rate.
Operator: We'll go next to Don Carson from Susquehanna International.
Donald Carson: Andrew, how quickly can your -- will the ethane benefit flow through to your North American ethylene business. We've seen -- I think yesterday we you saw $0.52 ethane, down significantly. Is there an inventory lag there? And you talk about, on a more structural basis, ethane going long. I mean, where do you see ethane bottoming in terms of maybe not absolute price but percentage of its fuel value? And what kind of advantage does that provide for Dow?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. So obviously, the margin recovery from the, let's call it, north of $0.90, the ethylene margins are starting to come back quite substantially here in the United States based on the ethane number. I think this morning, it was around $0.54, from memory. Look, Don, this is a little bit of hit and miss in the first half because it's still fairly tight based on demand. But of course with turnarounds, I mentioned in the script, turnarounds are coming in Q2, so we should expect to see some tailwinds on this current margin through the first half. I think the really positive margin expansion will come when structurally all the ethane comes on in the second half, late second half and for sure to 2013. The $6 billion, 2 new pipelines, lots of fractionation coming on. So we believe that this point you're making about where it will start to mimic fuel-value relationships, I think, will be for sure in 2013 but some tailwinds going into second half and some good, good margin expansion in the second half.
Donald Carson: And just a follow-on on restocking. You thought you'd -- that restocking would soon occur. Are you -- We're seeing signs of that in North America. Are you seeing any signs in Asia of restocking in the polymer chain?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, we are. And of course, they've got the extra issue of high naphtha. So they're really struggling in the price increases out there. So there's a price increase environment as well as good demand going on in the order book mostly because of post-Chinese New Year. As we said we would, it's really picking up. Actually, demand was going up going into the holidays this year.
Operator: We'll go next to Kevin McCarthy with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin W. McCarthy: Maybe just a follow-up in a similar vein, Andrew. It sounds as though your outlook is more constructive on 2Q relative to 1Q. You got to bounce in December operating rate. It looks to us like polyethylene got $0.05 in December for the industry and if I look at your ethane sensitivity that you outlined, that should be about $0.5 billion or more on an annualized basis just in January. And so I wonder if you can elaborate. Are there kind of timing issues, lag effects or perhaps hedge positions that would cause a somewhat more delayed positive responses that flows through your financials?
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, I think if you stay within the polyethylene envelope, I think is a very similar previous answer to Don. I think you're going to see price power plus good volume demand based on Asian dynamics as well as U.S. dynamics with exports. Probably mid-quarter, we'll see some good tailwind on margin expansion, but you won't see it annualize to usual numbers until Q2. So we -- there are, in fact, some headwinds going on. Clearly, we also, for Dow, we have turnarounds at the industry, so we won't have the full force of the operating rate until Q2, until those turnarounds are done. Q2 is the big spike in turnarounds by the way. But -- so we're cautious on Q1 but a little more bullish on Q2 and strong on back half of the year. Just to remind you, of course, outside of those envelopes, there's a C3 headwind that we're facing, and we're cautious on Electronic Materials recovery in Q1, so that's as a whole company as well as still a weak construction sector. But PE, polyethylene and Performance Plastics should get tailwind starting really probably like December. They'll have price increases in the first quarter, and we should see good tailwinds throughout the year.
Kevin W. McCarthy: And just as a follow-up, Andrew, what drove the double-digit increase in polyurethanes volume?
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, the previous answer to my previous question, we had to make a structural decision. Do we bring down plants, take that cost? Or do we cover variable costs and move off low-cost positions? So our company went into strong volume year in November.
Operator: We'll go next to Hassan Ahmed from Alembic Global.
Hassan I. Ahmed: We've obviously chatted a bit about the ethane side of things. Just wanted your views on the propylene side of things. Obviously, propylene prices have come down a fair bit through the course of last year. Where do you see propylene prices going through the course of this year and next? And in terms of your margin expansion as a result of that, where do you see that?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. So propylene in our view is starting to increase because of its alternative value, and gasoline has risen dramatically since January, effective price settlement for February. In fact, there's a propylene producer out there nominating a $0.22 per pound increase in February. CMAI estimates $0.12. We believe propylene will stay elevated because of these dynamics through the early summer. That adds a lot of emphasis in our Performance Materials group, particularly polyurethanes but beyond that to really get strong pricing increases out there, which is what our mode is. Epoxies will be challenged though because of operating rate and epoxies not supporting strong price increases, especially in allylics and phenolics. So that will be a headwind for us, but PU will be -- is pushing price increases as are all the other propylene derivatives. But it will be tough margin operating territory for the first half. Cost interventions will start taking hold to help margin expansion in the second half.
Hassan I. Ahmed: And Andrew, on the polyurethane side of things, which end market in particular are you seeing strength in? Is it auto? Is it -- I mean, obviously housing continues to be decently sluggish.
Andrew N. Liveris: But polyols as a whole is doing very well, which is a very strong statement. So that means beyond just automotive. Yes, automotive, as we've seen with our auto companies. The automotive companies are coming off their bottoms and doing well. But we're seeing good use of polyurethanes in polyols in order -- in bedding, in furniture, so that implies good consumption at the consumer level in Asia in particular and the growth regions and some in the United States. In the U.S., we're seeing good use of polyurethanes in energy efficiency end use for our formulated systems.
Operator: We'll go next to Peter Butler with Glen Hill Investments.
Peter Butler: If you look at the longer term beyond the really bad economic problems we're all facing, it sounds like maybe you're taking another look at the hand of cards that were dealt to you. And you sort of sound like you're liking the longer-term position of Dow a lot more than, say, a year ago, 6 months ago in regard to your raw material position and your emerging geographies. Do you think that is a good observation? And would you like to comment on possible adjustments of your 2015 targets?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, Peter, that's a great question. Thank you. The 3-legged stool of the company, 2 legs have become very strong. The feedstock advantage position in the United States and Canada, with currently good old Canada, North America and our position in the emerging world, Argentina and soon Saudi Arabia 2015 and beyond gives us a very strong leg there. Second, the integration to downstream businesses whether it be polyurethanes or polyethylene and all the Plastics that will go into packaging, et cetera, very, very strong leg and then the third leg, which is the innovation agenda. But all of that has now given Dow 3 very strong legs. On top of that, our well-known operating efficiency. So this is a little bit of your mother and father's Dow combined with tomorrow's Dow. There was an article in Wall Street Journal today about whispering plastics in someone's ear. I think our type of plastics, high tech solution polyethylene going into high-end use markets and our integrated position down the chain in key markets, in emerging markets, gives Dow very strong 3-legged stool.
Peter Butler: So if you had to make the predictions for 2015 today instead of last year, it sounds like those numbers would be going up.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. So the $2 billion I referred to in just the feedstock advantage alone, we have $2 billion innovation agenda. So that's $4 billion of decline from '10 to '15. So what we're talking about here is we're on track for the '15. We're on track for the '10, and we certainly are on track to deliver, I guess, our commitments this year, resolute focus on that trajectory.
Peter Butler: On a sort of separate subject. Why is the Kuwait decision delayed so much? It seems like from the outside that it's a simple legal question that you guys should win. Why is it taking the judges so long?
Andrew N. Liveris: The enormity of the case. It's from a legal point of view -- I mean, you saw the Exxon case just recently. This is very much bigger than that case even. So I can't speak to the court system in -- the arbitration panel system in Britain or for that matter, the international court. It's -- this is just a very big case. So there's no speculation here because of any issue on outcome. It's all just the enormity of it. We don't control the time, but it's days and weeks, not months.
Operator: We'll go next to Andy Cash with UBS.
Andrew W. Cash: Just a couple of questions. First, on the ethane advantage, now this might be around for a few years, maybe longer. But given the horizontal drilling and frac-ing technology could be exported to other regions outside of North America, what is Dow doing? Or what can Dow do to lock in that advantage for the very long term and not just for the next few years?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. So we talked about this a bit. We certainly aren't going to reveal our own hand, because there's a lot of guys out there in the business production and pipeline to have their views on things. And what we like about all of this, Andy, is that we're by far the largest consumer. So our U.S. Gulf Coast consumption of ethane, for example, is 115,000 barrels a day. So we're not going leave our sales market exposed in case the impossible happens, which in my view, you should never say it never can happen. And that is we get LNG global netback pricing into the United States. If that ever happens, the U.S. has done a very nice job of shooting itself in the foot, we can't rely on politics nor export terminals being built and for that matter, restraint supply. So we are working on ways to hedge and hedge so that we're not exposed to that dynamic.
Andrew W. Cash: Okay, my second question is it's not too long ago Dow was emphasizing -- I mean, you're still talking about your specialty businesses, but you used to emphasize them a lot more. And in sitting back then, the Dow was planning on topping its stock price with a specialty chemical multiple, and so now it seems like you guys are more emphasizing the commodity side of the business. You're really excited about that. So as you think about the stock in the next few years, is Dow thinking that the profit improvement over the commodity side will more than offset a lower valuation for the company's commodity business?
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, I mean, you heard my 3-legged stool commentary earlier. And so clearly, one big leg of the stool is innovation and downstream and value add. Look, I think this whole commodity versus specialty thing is yesterday's conversation. I think today's conversation is who's got the scale to take the value add of low-cost feedstocks all the way to value add in the marketplace to be a diversified, integrated industrial in the space that takes material science, biological science and chemical science to value add based on low-cost positions and scale that can afford the R&D. In my view, that is new space in the, let's call it, the domain of value add, and the value add comes from 2 big bites: the bite of the feedstock end and the bite at the value-add customer end. That's the company we're creating. I'm not going to chase some multiple, Andy. I'm going to chase results. And we're going to, as I said on the call, deliver all this cash and reward our shareholders handsomely.
Operator: We'll go next to Bob Koort from Goldman Sachs.
Robert Koort: Andrew, there seems to be some debate on ethane from the suppliers and the producers about the direction of future prices and I guess whether the last 18 months have been an aberration or a new normal. So I had 2 questions for you there. First, based on your experience when these pipelines are constructed or fractionation units built, is there a reasonably quick ramp of supply that comes from them so that you can have some confidence that ethane will show up in the Gulf Coast? And then secondly, obviously the only use for ethane is to make ethylene and the only value-added use. And it seems like there could be an awful lot of ethane swimming around before any greenfields are built. So given that you guys are one of the ones building a greenfield, what is the potential timing when you might actually start opening a valve and using ethane for a new global-scaled cracker?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. So last question first. Just a little correction, we're not going to build a greenfield, we're going to build a brownfield. It will be a world-scale, ethane-based cracker. And we've announced that we're working on location, most likely Texas. And we are working to consume as much of that excess ethane that you've just talked about as we can. And your first question then, if you look at Alberta, if you look at Conway hub and if you look at what can be in the U.S. Gulf Coast, I think you've got yourself 2 analogs. I think the fractionation of the pipelines will create excess supply. We are by far the biggest demand. And we're going to participate in the distribution. We'll also buy and resell ethane to make your point. So yes, as it's only use, we will expand against -- that's the $4 billion program we announced. We will expand, and you can count on us putting a world-scale cracker in place to use that ethane for value-add uses for Dow. And our view is we can bring that on in the 2016, 2017 timeframe.
William H. Weideman: And Andrew, you signed an agreement with Range and they're going to pull some Marcellus ethane down in the Gulf Coast, but you've also got a lot of politicians chasing grassroots plants up in the Marcellus themselves. So is there any risk if Shell and somebody else builds a new cracker that there won't be enough Marcellus ethane to get down to the Gulf Coast?
Andrew N. Liveris: Short answer is no.
Operator: We'll take the next question from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank.
David L. Begleiter: Andrew, on the same ethane issue, we've seen absolutely low net gas prices result in some shutdowns by drillers. Any concern that these low net gas prices do impact drilling activity and hence, liquids supply going forward?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, we definitely believe that this new sub-$3 per million Btu natural gas number is not sustainable for that exact reason. So we see -- we still see natural gas in the United States climbing back to the $4 to $6 range through the decade to enable the cost of producing the shale, the natural gas from shale to obviously achieve breakeven and a return to the drillers. It doesn't affect the current stuff that's being put in place for NGLs. NGLs is still a very high return for everybody. In fact, you've got lots of producers who want to produce the gas just for the NGL. So it really comes back to the earlier question that Andy asked, which is how can we lock in the NGL advantage while there's excess NGLs over these next last couple of years. And you can really, really count on us to be working on that.
David L. Begleiter: Andrew, just -- and also just your review on propane given that, I think, we're about to double export, propane export capacity this year and the potential for your on purpose propylene that's going forward and what feedstock they might use?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. Clearly, clearly propane is a completely different dynamic. I -- you're exactly right, propane unlike ethane dynamic. So PDH, for us, is a no brainer. I mean, we have announced the 2 world scales. We are moving on the first one, and we'll move on the second one. We'll become 90% integrated as a result, and all value-add downstreams and propane will be exported from the United States for a long time.
Operator: We'll go next to P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar: You were expanding most of your ethylene on the Gulf Coast. Can you review your Canada strategy, given your advantage ethylene and ethylene glycol capacity there?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. So any global has the ethylene glycol capacity, as you know. We have our polyethylene plants up there, solution polyethylene as well as couple of swing trains. And we clearly, clearly have a advantaged position as I mentioned on an earlier question, the lowest cost, actually, in North America. We're working with MEGlobal on exactly your question. So they are keen on expanding. We are too and for the same reason, which is exports to Asia. And so we will have more to say on that in the next 6 to 12 months, but you can count on us having that same view on Canada as we do on the U.S. Gulf Coast.
P.J. Juvekar: Okay, and then...
Doug May: Great. Operator -- sorry, go ahead P.J., one more follow-up?
P.J. Juvekar: Sorry. I would just have a quick question that, Andrew, you have a stated goal of reducing debt and no M&A. But there are other companies in the industry you were saying that rates are extremely low [indiscernible] , so it's not a bad time to do M&A. So how do you sort of balance that debt grade down losses any potential M&A?
Andrew N. Liveris: I'll let Bill chime in here, give him a chance to say something. We look -- yes, I mean, we understand the dynamic around the financial -- the compelling reason from a financial point of view of doing M&A. But the cheapest M&A I have is in-house. We have so much organic growth opportunities. I don't need to go pay a premium for someone else's position. We have all the positions we need. So clearly, clearly we are very focused on growing organically and returning excess cash to our shareholders. And that's the march and the drumbeat from Dow. Bill?
William H. Weideman: I would just echo the same comment, P.J., is that we have significant amount of opportunities in-house, and so we don't need to go outside to get growth. So it's really different from that perspective.
Doug May: Operator -- Andrew, would you like to make a few comments?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, so look, I look forward to follow-up questions, and, of course, thank you for the ones that did get in. We had a very good year in 2011. And the drumbeat of Dow is to continue to grow earnings and to grow our EBITDA. We have some tailwinds with the line of questions on ethane and hydrocarbons in our U.S. Gulf Coast position, our Canadian position and of course our Argentinian position. But we also have a diversified portfolio that is growing in the emerging world. 35% of our revenues coming from the emerging world is something for you guys to pick as -- to take notice of. That's $19 billion of revenue and growing at double-digit rates. So we believe that 2012 will be yet another year in our march to $15 billion. And we thank you for your great interest and support, and we look forward to more conversations and of course, rewarding our shareholders.
Doug May: Thank you, everyone, for your questions and for joining us this morning. We appreciate your interest in the Dow Chemical Company. For your reference, a copy of our prepared comments will be posted on Dow's website later today. This concludes our call today, and we look forward to speaking with you again. Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Dow Chemical Company Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Also today's call is being recorded. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Doug May, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Doug May: Thank you, Laura. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, we're making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of the Dow Chemical Company so any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Dave Johnson, Director in Investor Relations. Around 6:30 this morning, October 27, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and was posted on the Internet on dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are posted on our website on the Presentations page of the Investor Relations section and through the link to our webcast. Now some of our comments today include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations do involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you'd like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. Additionally, some of our comments reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and on our website. Unless otherwise specified, all comparisons presented today will be on a year-over-year basis. EBITDA, EBITDA margins and earnings comparisons exclude certain items. Our earnings release, as well as our recent SEC filings are available on the Internet at dow.com. The agenda for today's call is on Slide 3. And I'll now hand it over to Andrew.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Doug. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. If you turn to Slide 4, 3 weeks ago at our Investor Day in New York, I shared with you our view on the macroeconomic environment and our confidence in our growth strategy. Our results announced this morning reflect the trends and data we provided during our event and clearly demonstrate why our confidence is steadfast. Weve delivered another quarter of robust earnings. Our EBITDA reached a third quarter and year-to-date record. Our sales gains were broad-based, powered by the strength of our transformed and diversified portfolio. Every single one of our operating segments and geographies grew in revenue and our Agricultural Sciences segment delivered record sales in the quarter. Price rose in all operating segments, more than offsetting a significant increase in purchased feedstock and energy costs. And on the demand side, our diversified geographic presence served us well. We delivered record sales in the emerging regions with a specially robust growth in Latin America and Asia Pacific. In fact, the large fast-growing countries of China, India and Brazil all delivered impressive double-digit volume growth. And once again this quarter, we delivered record sales in China. This really enabled us to offset soft demand in the United States and Europe. Our joint ventures also continued their strong performance and we achieved a year-to-date record. And finally, our innovation strength continued as we delivered nearly 1/3 of our sales from products launched in the last 5 years. This performance is a clear proof point that our focus on execution, on controlling the things we can control, is enabling us to deliver even in the midst of these uncertain times. We are operating from a position of financial strength, evidenced by our continued progress in reducing debt. And importantly, we also have levers in place that enable us to mitigate risks to our earnings trajectory making us more resilient in this rapidly changing environment. That is why we believe that Dow's purposefully built to weather economic uncertainty in the near term. We're more agile, more flexible, more diverse. And we are an enterprise that is built to grow over the long-term. Turning to Slide 5. You can see this clearly in our earnings trajectory. Not only did EBITDA reached the highest third quarter level in Dow's history, but year-to-date earnings of nearly $7 billion were also a record. Growth may not be in a straight line as we've been saying for some time. In fact, we know the macroeconomic environment will continue to be jagged as we are seeing right now. And while no one is immune to economic uncertainty, Dow is more resilient today than ever before. Structural enhancements that we implemented in our business portfolio over these last several years have meant that our foundation is more than $2 billion in EBITDA stronger today than 24 months ago, driven by our actions to fundamentally strengthen our enterprise. Plus, we have additional levers that we can pull if the microeconomic factors begin to mirror the macros as we began to see in the third quarter. The key here is the following: We are carefully monitoring this current volatility and remain focused on our growth trajectory. This is the milestone that we are working towards. Plain and simple. Now let me turn it over to Bill who will provide more detail on our financial and operating results in the quarter.
William H. Weideman: Thank you, Andrew. I'd like to remind you that my comments will be on a year-over-year basis; EBITDA, EBITDA margins and earnings comparison will exclude certain items; and sales, volume and price comparisons will be on a reported basis as we did not have any divestitures in this quarter or the same quarter last year. Now turning to Slide 6. Sales rose 17% in the quarter to over $15 billion and we delivered more than $2 billion in EBITDA. On a reported basis, earnings were $0.69 per share or $0.62 per share, excluding a $0.07 certain item related to the recovery of our previously impaired note receivable from Equipolymers, one of our joint ventures. We believe this represents a strong result and reflects our focus on execution even amidst of dynamic market conditions. Now let me turn to our volume and price trends. Dow's diversification was on full display in the quarter as strong demand in Ag sciences and modest volume gains in Electronics and Function Materials, and Performance Plastics offset moderate declines in other segments. Geographically, our fast-growing regions of Latin America and Asia Pacific led growth in the quarter with strong double-digit growth performance in China, India and Brazil. Collectively, our emerging geographies grew volume 7% and these gains offset softness in the developed regions, particularly the United States and Western Europe. Now moving to price on Slide 8. Again, this quarter, price was up across all operating segments in all geographies. Double-digit gains were achieved in 4 of our 6 operating segments and we saw double-digit increases across all regions, led by EMEA up 21% and North America up 17%. Now turning to our operating segments, starting with Electronic and Functional Materials, which delivered record EBITDA performance. Even in the face of well-recognized second half headwinds in the electronics sector. As you can see on Slide 9, sales grew 11%. This was based on an 8% increase in price and volume gains of 3%. This was despite slowing conditions in electronics sector that reduced a typical seasonal demand increase that we see in the third quarter. Volume growth in Electronic Materials business was led by Semiconductor Technologies, as well as display technology. Primarily, based on our new product introductions, our leadership positions in CMP consumables and several customer wins. In Functional Materials, price increases were achieved across all businesses and the segment saw volume growth in more resilient sectors such as Pharma and Food and in energy end markets in North America. Now turning to Coatings and Infrastructure where we achieved sales growth of 10% by driving growth in the emerging regions to balance continued weakness in construction sector in the developed markets. Dow Coating Materials reported double-digit price gains across all geographic areas except EMEA. Dow Building and Construction delivered strong price gains and achieved double-digit demand growth in the emerging regions. And finally, Dow Water and Process Solutions achieved solid demand in Asia Pacific and EMEA, as ion exchange resins delivered demand growth particularly in Greater China. The key point is despite persistent and unprecedented weak construction conditions, this segment expanded margins sequentially for 2 consecutive quarters through disciplined price volume management. Now moving to Ag Sciences, which posted third quarter record sales. All geographic areas reported double-digit increases year-over-year, led by a strong start in the season in Latin America. Agricultural Chemicals delivered double-digit volume growth driven by new product introductions and strong demand in a range of pasture herbicides in Latin America, cereal herbicides in Europe and corn and soybean herbicides in the U.S. In Seeds, Traits and Oils, the southern hemisphere is off to a great start as evidenced by our corn seed volume, which is up by more than 15%. Now turning to Performance Materials. Sales in this segment grew 12% with double-digit price increases in all geographic areas. Strong demand for heat transfer fluids and solar powered applications in EMEA and early demand for de-icing fluid in North America drove increased sales in Polyglycols, Surfactants and De-icing Fluids, which delivered record EBITDA performance in the quarter. Our thermosets envelope saw weakness in portions of evology [ph], including epoxy and isocyanates, which were challenged by overcapacity and lack of demand. However, this was balanced by bright spots in the Dow Automotive Systems, as supply chains impacted by the Japanese tsunami rebounded and the need to replace aging vehicles in North America continued to support demand. In Performance Plastics, sales were up 16%, with elastomers delivering record EBITDA on double-digit price and volume increases. Results in this segment reflect margin compression in Europe due to the combination of lower prices and higher ethylene costs. However, I'd like to point out going forward, Dow is well-positioned to do the actions we have taken over the past several years to shut down higher cost assets: Our advantage feedstock position with over 70% of our production in low-cost regions, our broad geographic reach and our focus on higher-margin sectors like packaging, telecommunication and health and hygiene. Now turning to equity earnings. Equity earnings reached $280 million in the quarter, excluding certain items and $878 million on the same basis year-to-date, representing a new year-to-date record. Our feedstock advantage JVs in the Middle East again performed very well, driven by strong results in MEglobal and our Kuwait JVs. I'd like to close my comments with highlights on our continued focus on enhanced financial flexibility. Cash flow from operations was $1.2 billion, up more than $250 million over the same period last year. We also further reduced debt this quarter by approximately $500 million, bringing our total debt reduction for the year to $4.2 billion. Our net debt to total capitalization ratio now stands at 40.9% as we continue to move forward towards our goal of 40% by the end of 2012, and our net debt to EBITDA multiple improved to 2.0. Before I turn it back over to Andrew, I'd like to make a few comments regarding the fourth quarter. We will see the typical fourth quarter slowdown in electronics and construction end markets, while we expect Ag end markets will remain very strong. Slow growth in Western Europe and the U.S., will continue in quarter 4 as we saw in quarter 3. But this will be offset by ongoing strength in the emerging geographies. Hydrocarbon Energy costs will be down driven by propylene and benzene costs and Performance Plastics will see short-term margin compression due to lower prices and based on soft demand particularly in Europe. That wraps up my review and now I'd like to turn it over back to Andrew.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Bill. If you turn to Slide 14, you can see we continue to advance our strategy, a strategy that starts with the formidable advantage we have in feedstocks, bringing significant cost advantages to our well-balanced and integrated portfolio. The growth of our market-driven businesses in this portfolio is accelerated for the commercialization of our innovation pipeline, synergies between our divisions and our geographic growth investments. And finally, our initiatives to drive efficiencies, reduce costs and enhance our financial flexibility are strengthening our foundation in providing significant levers for stability, which is especially important in today's environment. On every front, we continue to make tremendous progress. And you can see on Slide 15, our integrated portfolio. It's diverse, well-balanced and really designed to deliver sustainable growth. So let's go through it. On Slide 16, our strength begins with our advantaged-feedstocks. 70% of our global ethylene production is in regions with cost-advantaged feedstocks. Couple this with the fact that shale gas dynamics have brought U.S. Gulf Coast ethane-based assets down the cost curve and it is clear to see that long-term dynamics are very positive for Dow. After all, we are the world's largest, most flexible and most experienced ethylene producer. Right now, however, as predicted, we are facing trough-like supply-demand conditions in the ethylene chain due to weaker demand. We expect high cost crackers in Asia and Western Europe to begin to feel the margin compression in the very near term. On Slide 17, despite this, we continue to remain bullish on our Performance Plastics portfolio, which has already delivered 10 consecutive quarters of EBITDA margin north of 20%. And even in this current climate, is still near that range. However, economic worries in Western Europe and an expectation that polyethylene demand would weaken, have driven a pause in pricing initiatives. This, coupled with higher ethylene costs, especially in Europe and Asia, have indeed created trough-like conditions in polyethylene. In Europe and in Asia, we do believe the industry is at a point where asset decisions will be taken as a result of these current margins. And please recall that Dow is advantaged versus older and less flexible producers. We have industry-leading LPG flexibility, especially in Europe, and we are indeed utilizing that strength today. Looking forward, as many of you saw at our Investor Day, Performance Plastics has the potential to reach much higher margins in excess of 30% as we move out of this trough, powering earnings potential well north of $5 billion. And consider the significant retooling we are doing in this attractive and strategically important business. We're beginning to capitalize on a select technology-rich, market-oriented platforms. The growth in Innovation Agenda and Performance Plastics is tremendous, upwards of $3 billion of additional NPV. On Slide 18, another division with much potential is Performance Materials. This segment fuels downstream growth with key chemistries that stand to benefit significantly, from our cost-advantaged position, and support differentiated, high-value market segments. Results this quarter for Performance Materials were mixed. The weakness we saw in our Thermosets Envelope, especially in developed geographies was balanced by positive contributions in Oxygenated Solvents, Polyglycols and Dow Automotive, areas in which technology differentiation and customer focus drive a premium. And this focus is exactly where Performance Materials is headed. This division is increasing its focus on commercializing innovation, having launched more than 50 new products and solutions already this year. Don't forget, Performance Materials also stands to gain significant integration benefits from our U.S. Gulf Coast investments. We estimate the impact of our 2 planned, on-purpose, propylene investments will each deliver a 300 basis point improvement for margins in this division. And so moving forward, these 2 segments, Performance Plastics, and Performance Materials, will benefit not only from their strong feedstock advantage, but also from the transformation our leaders are driving to become more customer-driven and accelerate innovation. Just as we are already delivering in our market-driven businesses. Performance in these businesses continues to reflect the strong fundamentals of their market orientation. So if you turn to Slide 19, you can see in Agricultural Sciences, which of course, is a seasonal business, you can see that margins grew significantly versus last year. The most appropriate benchmark. This is driven by the wave of technological innovation that has and will continue to support our portfolio for many years to come. In the last 3 years, weve launched 4 major solutions that meet farmers' demands for more yield and therefore, have become leaders in those segments today. And we expect to launch 4 additional solutions in 2012 alone. Not many companies can claim this. In fact, we have more products developed to a dollar invested than any other company in the field, and a full 50% of the segment sales are from products launched in the last 5 years. Turning to Advanced Materials on Slide 20 with Dow as the world's largest Specialty Materials provider and is focused on driving differentiation and higher margins through innovation. With a divisional pipeline valued at more than $7 billion, on an NPV basis. In Coatings and Infrastructure, profitability declined moderately from last year but grew for the second consecutive quarter sequentially, reflecting gains in Building and Construction and Dow Water and Process Solutions, areas where our technology and new innovations are, indeed, enabling growth. And in Coatings, as you know, we have the largest portfolio of raw materials and the broadest range of chemistries of anyone out there. This powerful toolbox has enabled us to launch new products and technologies that address consumer preferences for low and 0 VOC coatings, and provide customers with improved performance at a lower cost. And finally, Electronics and Functional Materials, which continued its impressive normalized levels of margin performance. Thanks to our technology and capacity investments in Asia, we are outperforming the market in the LED segment, which is seeing a temporary softening. And our presence in high technology nodes and customer wins are giving us resilience in the face of headwinds. In other words, our balanced portfolio serves us well. The performance in these market-driven businesses is a testament to the value of the recently launched product innovations we are bringing to market and our technology story. But on Slide 21, you can see that nowhere are the benefits of the diversity of our business more evident than in our record sales and profits performance in emerging geographies. Our sales in these fast-growing regions grew 20%, reaching $5 billion in the quarter. Our growing footprint is allowing us to take advantage of opportunities wherever they may be, particularly in the fast-growing parts of the world. For example, our sales growth was particularly robust in the large and attractive markets of Brazil and China; both rising faster than 25% with strong volume growth of 7% in emerging regions and double-digit demand gains in Brazil, China and India. Our expanding asset footprint shown on this slide has brought our participation in fast-growing regions to 33% of our sales this quarter. Clearly, we are closing in on our target of 35%, and with the announcement of Sadara and other large, in-market plays, this target will be raised by 2015. Turning to our innovation agenda on Slide 22, where we are accelerating the growth of our portfolio through the commercialization of new groundbreaking technologies. Those of you who attended our recent Investor Day saw many of these up close. Our award-winning revolutionary POWERHOUSE solar shingle, which we have commercially launched first in Colorado, California and Texas. We are maxing out the capacity of our developmental plant as we build full-scale manufacturing capabilities. EVOQUE, a breakthrough offering in our coatings portfolio that enables better paint with less titanium dioxide, given an initial uptake, we have accelerated plans to launch this throughout the world. Our ENLIGHT photovoltaic films, which enable more power to be generated over the life of a solar panel. And Enlist, the solution with farmers struggling with the growing challenge of super weeds both for corn and in soybeans and cotton. Our new product innovations are already reaching the bottom line with sales from new products introduced in the past 5 years, representing 30% of Dow's total sales year-to-date. Looking forward, we expect our pipeline to deliver nearly $1 billion of EBITDA in 2012, and $2 billion by 2015. On Slide 23 as we showed you at our Investor Day earlier this month, Dow's foundation is vastly different and significantly stronger than it was just 2 short years ago. As you know, the volatility of our portfolio has been reduced dramatically over the past several years as we've divested and shut down about $8 billion in revenue from non-strategic assets with single-digit EBITDA margins. And the structural actions we have taken through our transformation provide a new baseline level of performance for our company moving forward. When we encounter volatility, we respond. This is what you have seen from us and what you will see going forward in this ever shifting market environment. We have levers in place and are taking interventions that we believe are prudent in mitigating downside risks. First, our significant debt pay down, which has reduced our annual interest expense by more than $250 million on a go-forward basis. Cash and savings that go right to the bottom line. Next as we outlined at Investor Day we are proactively accelerating our efficiency for growth program, reducing input costs, leveraging our scale and expertise, improving operational reliability and streamlining our processes. When coupled with working capital improvements, these will deliver cash flow in the range of $750 million next year, adding further to our financial strength. We're also very prepared to take additional actions including implementing a further Cost Reduction Program and reducing capital spending. In total, we have an additional $2.5 billion in cash flow that could be realized. What is key is the following: Any actions we take will be carefully calculated to balance near-term risk management benefits without sacrificing key growth initiatives over the long-term. Now let's turn to our outlook on Slide 24. The trends that we're seeing right now are consistent with what we discussed at Investor Day 3 weeks ago and in fact, further underscore our assertion that the pace of global economic recovery will continue to be jagged. The new reality is that the world is operating as a 2-speed global economy, with the developing world strong and the developed regions showing slow-to-no growth. Let me elaborate on Slide 25. We see ongoing deterioration in confidence in the pace of global economic recovery. Due to 2 confidence-busting issues that are being perpetuated in the political capitals of the developed world. Solvency and liquidity concerns in Europe and the U.S., with today's announcement making meaningful positive steps forward. Lingering high unemployment in the United States with no meaningful short-term remedies in sight. And when you couple this with real inflationary pressures in China and the emerging world, this creates a lack of confidence that is now permeating through to the consumer, cascading into business investment and indeed, causing the micros to catch up with the macros. It means that a minimum, that we will be in a slow growth environment in the developed world for the next several quarters. On the other hand, we expect growth to continue in rapidly-developing regions as growing populations are boosting investments in everything right up to infrastructure and consumption. As a result, recession-resistant end markets are being supported by undeniable secular trends, those of urbanization and modernization and the creation of new middle classes driving demand for automobiles, food, packaging, clean energy and clean water, just to name a few. These are all areas where Dow has leadership positions and where we will continue to benefit from growing demand. So what does this mean? Taken on the whole, Dow's diversification across sectors and geographies gives us confidence that we will continue to deliver earnings growth from growing global demand, advantaged feedstocks, new technologies and our diverse portfolio. So let me close to Slide 26. Within this context, our priorities for the fourth quarter and heading into the next 12 months, will be balanced between ensuring we maintain our growth trajectory and taking action to mitigate any emerging risks to growth. These priorities reflect our intense focus on execution. Just as we have delivered, just as you will see us deliver in the coming quarters: Operating our diverse and global portfolio to maximize value in attractive and resilient end markets; expanding our already strong footprint in emerging regions to take advantage of growth where it is happening most rapidly; executing diligent and disciplined price volume management; mitigating risk by leveraging our formidable low cost and flexible feedstock advantage; driving operational excellence to achieve even greater productivity and efficiencies in our business; and of course, further enhancing our financial flexibility. As we showed you at Investor Day, the Dow of today is a vastly different and stronger enterprise. We have deliberately designed our portfolio to be robust and flexible in uncertain and challenging economic environments. As I've stated many times, we are battle-tested and our resolve remains firm. We have completely remade our company and it is one that can handle near-term headwinds even while driving growth. That's our commitment to you. And with that, Doug, let's turn to Q&A.
Doug May: Thank you, Andrew. Now well move to all of your questions. First however, I would like to remind you that my comments regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Laura, would you please explain the Q&A procedure?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll turn first to John McNulty with Crdit Suisse.
John P. McNulty: With regard to the Electronics and Functional Materials business, you seem to be doing noticeably better than what some of the end markets are reflecting at this point and I guess I'm wondering if you can flush out what's driving the strength in pricing, as well as the potential share gains that seem to be driving the volumes?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, John. Certainly, the Dow portfolio that I referred to in the script and our slides, we have good positive exposure to what's growing and tablets and mobile phones are still growing and growing quite significantly. And even in the weaker segments, in LCD TVs, for example, our display films are the right type of films that are ubiquitous across all displays and not in certain types of, for example, high-end LCD TVs. So it's mostly our portfolio point plus of course, in semiconductor, where we have a very big set of businesses, we've been having big wins with new technology launches in particular, in 193 nanometer photoresists and for advanced nodes and of course, our slurry pads with our new technology there. So it's really our portfolio.
John P. McNulty: Great and just as a follow-up, on the cash flow interventions that you had highlighted, in terms of opportunities to cut back if you need to, what would you need to see to actually execute the enhanced $750 million Cost Reduction Program, what would you need to see in the end markets for that to actually happen?
Andrew N. Liveris: Well in brief, what we are watching for and what we said on our Investor Day is that if you see the macros and the micros start to mirror each other and consumer demand and business confidence start to deteriorate further from here, we will accelerate. Obviously, there are conditions like that out there right now, especially in Europe. Hopefully, today's announcement will start to reverse that. We're not going to do anything stupid. We're going to basically intervene where intervention can be done and really, it will be to slow the growth rate of increased costs based on the numerator not being appropriate. In other words, in the next 12 months, but what we said on Investor Day stays true, we will deliver the earnings that we talked about and our minimums on our road to $10 billion.
Operator: Next, we'll move to Don Carson with Susquehanna International.
Donald Carson: Question on Ag, you had very strong results. I'm just wondering to what extent -- given your strong position in Latin America and the early planting and pipeline fill that went on there that you may have pulled results forward from the fourth quarter. And should we expect a reversal of last year's pattern where Q3 was relatively low and Q4 was stronger?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, Don, we -- very minimal for us. I know others talked about that. We have very minimal pull forward. And really, it's our portfolio difference I think, and our new product launches that have given us a very strong Ag result and we don't see any particular delta then as you relate Q4 to last year.
Donald Carson: And I know you've got a pretty strong position in seeds in South America unlike the U.S. I mean, what is your exact position in Argentina and Brazil, in terms of corn market share?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, it's heading to around -- for Brazil, we gain share, it's heading around 16% in Brazil and around 10% in Argentina.
Operator: Next, we'll move to Kevin MacCarthy with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin W. McCarthy: Andrew, 2 part question if I may, on the ethylene chain, if we think about it broadly from the wellhead all the way down to the consumer. As we look upstream, can you comment on U.S. Gulf Coast, ethane cost, which have been stubbornly high, I would say, in recent weeks, in the low-to-mid $0.90 per gallon range? What's your view of the future there and how long that cost pressure might persist? And then looking further downstream, let's say the polyethylene resin, would you comment on your perception of inventory levels by region of the world?
Andrew N. Liveris: Kevin, so polyethylene first. Inventories -- your second question first, inventories are low right across the chain. In fact, we're beginning to see that the anticipation of price declines, which is of course, what caused inventories to go very low versus demand is really the driver of what we've seen late Q3 and into Q4. So we already can see some positive signs. The shipments to China are increasing at a higher prices on a spot basis as the demand starts to pick up there based on very low inventories. So -- and I can go region by region but for the sake of the time, I won't. In essence, it's basically low across most of the geographies, most of the segments. Some variation between pipe and some variation between film. Now in particular, on ethylene and ethane price, ethane price of course, has spiked in the short-term based on pipeline restrictions. You know that the go-to market on key plays like the Marcellus needs pipelines. As you know, the futures are all very low because this access will be sold as we go into next year but ethane is still by far, the preferred feed here in the United States, and it's much more cost competitive than all of its equivalents, and you're going to start to see, as you know, as naphtha starts to go back up and ethane is the favored fuel here in the United States, the coproduct credits of naphtha are starting to hurt anyone who produces ethylene off of naphtha as coproduct prices drop dramatically. In particular, propylene and benzene. So this is a temporary compression. There will be some of it in the fourth quarter for sure, but beyond that, early next year, you'll start to see that gap widen.
Kevin W. McCarthy: Just a follow-up, Andrew, on Europe, could you comment on operating rates there and I thought I heard you make a comment about LPG flexibility, are you changing feed mix at this point in Europe?
Andrew N. Liveris: Absolutely, totally, we are. And yet, clearly, Europe and for that matter, Asia, pure naphtha plays are the most squeezed right now. We anticipate to see a couple of million tons of idling to happen if not shutdowns based on this squeeze happening through Q4, that will help price environments going into Q1.
Operator: Now we'll move to Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas: I was wondering if you could analyze the propylene market a little bit. In that propylene inventories in the United States, I think you're now at about 3.5 million barrels, which is sort of the highest that they've been since early 2009, and sort of more than double where they were earlier this year. And so do you think that, that's a function of demand or a difference in supply? And how do you -- do you think that that's an inventory number that can be worked down quickly or slowly?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, you're right. Inventories are up despite refinery operating rates even being lower, reflecting in essence, the issue, which is soft C3 demand, some of the more commodity-like markets in [indiscernible] derivatives, like polypropylene, have come down quite a bit with the softening in Europe and the U.S., and so inventories have been building up as refineries cut back. I don't think that will work itself out real quick, which will give us low propylene inputs for the next several quarters, we believe that will be very helpful in downstream derivatives like in Performance Materials and seeing margin expansion. If not in Q4, certainly going into the demand increases early in the year.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas: Okay. And then you talked about various feedstock volatility and pressure on margins. Dow is very flexible in the feedstocks that it uses. Are you experiencing more margin pressure in the ethylene chain in the United States, or in Europe at this time, which is the area that's more stressed?
Andrew N. Liveris: Definitely Europe, and that's the earlier question. With cliktane [ph], LPG flexibility but naphtha is already rising in Europe and as I said, there's going to be -- there's oversupply based on weakened demand fundamentals in Europe so in essence, the high cost guys are going to start idling and there's already been some announcements that will help us on price eventually here. But really, price rollovers and margin compression in Europe is a much bigger issue than in the United States.
Operator: And next, Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Maguire: This is actually Brian Maguire on for Bob this morning. I want to follow up on the previous couple of questions on idling in Europe and Asia. You mentioned a couple million pounds could be idled. Do you expect Dow or any of the JV partners to participate in that idling or do you think that it will come more from the competition?
Andrew N. Liveris: More from the competition. I did actually say a couple of million tons and actually, we've identified -- you know us well when we do this, we've identified about 4 million tons of vulnerable production right now based on pure naphtha cracker plays mostly in Europe but also some in Asia.
Brian Maguire: Okay. I mean, just to follow-up if I could. On the lower propylene prices, do you expect that to flow through to your earnings and give you some raw material cost relief in the fourth quarter or will it take another quarter or 2 before you see the impact there?
Andrew N. Liveris: As you know, mostly December quarters are inverted so December is always a very slow month. So we particularly feel that demand environment, certainly in polyurethanes, epoxies, et cetera will be weak-ish through the end of the year, whether it be furniture, bedding, other key market drivers that are very much consumer-driven. So it'll be more likely in the first quarter.
Operator: Peter Butler with Glen Hill Investment.
Peter Butler: I think you could have relabeled the title of your conference call today to something like Everything is Going Great Except the Stock Price. And you've done some really good work improving the fundamentals, but we have the same old problem with the stock. You're underperforming a lot of your peers and it's just totally frustrating, I'm wondering if you're entertaining any new ideas to boast -- to boost Dow's price earnings ratio to a more appropriate level?
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, obviously, Peter, the continual performance through the quarters as we showed the trajectory towards $10 billion. One, you have to keep performing and show the portfolio performs. Secondarily, people have seen in the past, Dow attract a commodity multiple and so we're outperforming pure commodity peers but obviously, we're underperforming our specialty peers. So really, what everyone's watching for is the makeup of the performance as much as anything else. And as our Performance businesses click in and earn more and our innovation agenda continues to click in, whether it be Agri Science, Advanced Materials, Performance Materials, we don't basically crop the strategy to get a multiple, we earn the multiple with the performance of the portfolio. We believe we're earning it and we'll keep doing what we have to do to show that. Now to your point, we've made some game changing moves and frankly, this company's portfolio is completely remade from just 5 years ago. But we are a management team on the march we have got many things we can still do and we will do them. We will spend the time next 12 months, in particular, on our innovation agenda and we will continue to find ways to grow key businesses like Electronics and Ag in particular, and some of our other downstream businesses, while we continue to rework our upstream portfolio to joint ventures and minimize our asset footprint. So you can continue to -- you can expect us to continue to see Dow work its portfolio to earn the multiple of our specialty peers.
Operator: And now we'll move to David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David L. Begleiter: Andrew, in isocyanates, you've been under pressure outside of your peers for a while here with excess capacity. How long will it take to work through this excess capacity, can we ever get back to margins you saw back 3, 4, 5 years ago in MDI in particular?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, I'd certainly -- isocyanates wherever built, and TDI, as well as MDI, but that is working it's way through, we believe 2012, 2013 will be the beginnings of what you asked, which is 5- or 6-year ago type margins. This big pull that happened in '08, '09 will work its way to the system just like it's doing by the way, in the ethylene chain. So it will be about that timeframe.
David L. Begleiter: Andrew, just on the 4 million tons of at-risk ethylene capacity in Asia and Europe, how much you really think stays shut versus just as a temporary idling here given current conditions?
Andrew N. Liveris: It really comes down to the whole world at the moment, and whether these confidence-busting issues perpetuate today being such a great step forward out of Europe and hopefully, we'll see more of those steps from the political arena that brings confidence back in the occasion. If demand starts to pick up, we believe we're going through a shallow-like trough conditions right now. We always said, back end of 2011 will be trough-like based on supply, demand got a little weaker so we got shallow trough. We believe demand will come back, GDP growth next year will be somewhere around the 2% mark, if not a little higher depending on how this confidence comes back but 2% is our case, others are a little more bullish than that. With that, I think it will be more idling than shut down.
Operator: Mark Connelly, Credit Agricole Securities. Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Andrew, your Ag business has historically been very heavily weighted towards crop chemicals, now we're seeing crop chemicals seeing some volume pickup across a bunch of markets but obviously, you've got a lot going on in seed. I wonder if you can give us a sense of what that's going to mean for the profit contribution of that segment, are we going to start to see a meaningful shift towards seed or is this new strength in crop chemicals going to leave it more or less where it is?
Andrew N. Liveris: Proportionally, seed are outpacing crop chemicals both on top and bottom line. Remembering for the longest of times, people saw us as fairly subscale in germplasm in particular. But with our new technology plays, we've gotten the right agreements with the channels that is now causing seed penetration on market share, which is what we promised when we launched SmartStax and in fact, now with Enlist coming. So whether it be the triple stack or whether it be 5 stack or in fact, the 8 stack, we are going to be driven by Seeds and Solutions, farm solutions, which will see seeds outpaced by a very good crop chemicals portfolio. Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Do you think Seeds can be a third of that segment within the year?
Andrew N. Liveris: You won't get that number out of me. But it's a pretty -- it's growing to that, I won't give you the timeframe. Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Okay, that's fair. And second question is sort of a similar issue. Despite the strength you talked about in emerging markets, Asia Pacific growth was actually lower than EMEA growth. I would've expected Asia Pacific to look better, given the weakness that you talked about in Europe. Is Asia Pacific just uneven or is it actually weaker than Europe. I'm looking here and seeing that if I have the numbers right, developed regions saw higher prices this past quarter which also seems a little strange?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, great observation and total geographic mix, Japan was way down due to opportunistic sales of commodities that occurred a year ago. So you take those -- remember, we're not in commodities anymore. So when we do opportunistic sales in commodities, it tends to flag itself in some geographies and Japan got some last year at this time. Actually, if you take that out, Asia Pacific mirror basically China and Southeast Asia.
Operator: Next, Wells -- we'll go to Wells Fargo Securities and Frank Mitsch.
Frank J. Mitsch: You guys did a really good job of offsetting raw materials, it looks like it was a positive of about $0.5 billion in the quarter. Would you expect that level of spread price versus raws to remain at that level?
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, look, the unit margin discussion, Frank, versus volume is really something that we're watching very carefully. And I think Bill said in his comments and I certainly repeat in mine, that we had some tradeoffs like in Coatings where we traded away volume to get margin. And so -- and not really specific to the acrylic chain and what's been going on in paints and coatings in particular. So we've seen some headwinds on margins like in the Epoxy business, especially on materials that go into end uses like wind, et cetera, that got weak in the back half of the year. But long story short, I mean, I think the propylene cost question I got earlier, will help everything in the downstream propylene envelope, not being in propylene right now, which seemed to be a prescient decision for us to get out at about that time, has given us lots of use of propylene in high-value margin business downstream that should be very good fundamentals in the next 6 to 9 months and help margin expansion versus volume.
Frank J. Mitsch: In one of the related businesses, I guess, in the Auto side of things, your commentary was very positive, I thought with respect to your sales in the Auto business and the expectations there. And we'd heard from another competitor about some supply chain destocking in that area. Are you guys seeing any of that? What are your thoughts on the outlook on your Auto business?
Andrew N. Liveris: Auto is a great example for Dow, of repositioning of the portfolio, it sort of mirrors [ph] the entire company, we're no longer in the commodity side, whether it be polypropyl, polycarbonate or ABS. we're in very big demand applications like lightweighting and fuel efficiency and all the things we do. So we're kind of unnecessary even in -- if you like, rotations of inventory, we're still getting lots of good demand. And frankly, remember, orders are coming off lows right, and especially here in North America. And North America orders are decent and I would tell you that coming off low bottoms, the auto exposure we had is a very positive one and we continue to gain share and our revenue and volume growth actually will continue to be exceeding light vehicle auto builds, off of a lower base.
Operator: Bill Young with ChemSpeak.
William Young: Couple of quick questions here. Exports, we've seen earlier in the year, really strong exports in say, PVC and polyethylene. Could you give us the recent trends there? As you know, the U.S. cost advantage on raw materials was a major driver there but I guess, there's some inventory shift, so where do we stand on those?
Andrew N. Liveris: Bill, certainly, PVC is getting weaker and no question that -- of course, you see the exact opposite for us on Caustic Soda, which is doing incredibly strong. So what's going on is the ores in construction and not just in the U.S. and Europe, which is what we reported, but even in the parts of the developing world, especially in China, as they control inflation over there. It really hurt PVC and hurt PVC exports. Polyethylene is the exact opposite. Polyethylene has been weak here in North America. As we've already reported, there's been some demand drop-offs in areas such as films and inventory recalibration, so polyethylene exports have increased, offsetting domestic demand drop. And in fact, that polyethylene export number is very strong and will continue to be strong.
William Young: Okay. Great. And one more question about destocking. If you look over, say, your Coatings Materials and your Performance Materials, where do we stand there as far as customer orders due to destocking?
Andrew N. Liveris: Performance Materials is a good example, inventories are very low, demand is low in the quarter but that's quarterly-based. I've already commented that Automotive is decently strong and they've got very lean inventories. Oxygenated Solvent is -- just to talk about a business we dont normally talk about, evidence is that customers and distributors are keeping very low inventories, so orders coming through are viewed as truer demand. I've already commented on polyethylene. I've commented VCM. On Coatings, there's reduced inventory, but not too low and given it's a seasonal slowdown, they're worried about shortages going into next year after what they saw last year, in 2010 in particular. And Electronics, yes, in semiconductors, LED, LCD inventories are high but they're beginning to be worked down and we're not expecting dramatic correction. We watch this very, very closely and I'd make my earlier answer to an earlier question, still true that across the chains, geographies, inventories are very low, big lows. So we believe that as a consequence of that, when demand returns post the seasonal slowdown and when confidence starts to reenter the market like in Europe, you're going to see demand really increase.
Operator: We'll turn now to Hassan Ahmed, Alembic Global.
Hassan I. Ahmed: A question around -- apologies, I joined the call slightly late. So if this has been answered, apologies for the repeat. But a question about the recent spike in ethane prices. Bit confusing frankly, because we started the year, call it around $0.60 a gallon, and here we are closer to $0.95. So a couple of questions. One, what in your view, has caused this spike. Is it supply constraints, or pipeline bottlenecks? And, if any of these things are applicable, when do you think that these constraints will sort of whither away? So that's one part of it. And the other thing is that, did it catch you by surprise, the spike? And only reason I asked sort of this way is because one of the largest gas processors went from a -- back in March, went from a 50% to 60% hedged position in ethane, to a virtually 0 position for the second half of the year while retaining hedged positions in propane and butane.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, Hassan, the question was asked earlier so in brief, I'd just -- you've kind of answered it yourself. It was really pipeline supply constraints that has caused us runoff in ethane. I won't comment on speculators but look, there's going to be noise in the system, while fractionation capacity comes online. And all of this is going to come online as the year unfolds next year. And in fact, as you know, from our Investor Day, the Marcellus producers have clearly chosen the U.S. Gulf Coast as a key market, they're committing to large volumes of 10 to 15 years and they will start up in 2014. So between 2012 fractionation, 2013 fractionation, 2014, you're going to get aberrations like hedge plays. But the fundamentals remain intact, and the ethane future speak to lower ethane pricing for the very short- to medium-term here. So look, we can take you off-line on some of the other specifics but that's basically the answer.
Hassan I. Ahmed: And Andrew, really quickly, slightly changing gears as well. You talked about the launch of EVOQUE, obviously, titanium dioxide prices seem to be sort of continuing to go up, more price hikes keep getting announced. What has the early sort of feedback in adoption been like, and where do you see sort of adoption rates over the course of the next year or 2?
Andrew N. Liveris: Very strong. EVOQUE, number one, if you like, the first EVOQUE is a high-end premium paint so won't have a big effect on pigments. But EVOQUE number 2, which is going to follow very quickly, will have a much more ubiquitous commodity paint effect. Customers are lining up, they want to work with us. This is a big issue for them as you can tell. And so customers are launching their products now on EVOQUE 1, and EVOQUE 2 will be very, very helpful.
Operator: We will turn to P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar: Andrew, there was a plenty of discussion on ethane prices. In the past year, you said that you would get into the midstream business if you had to, in an asset like threshing [ph]. What is your current thinking about that?
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, we said at Investor Day that we are going to oversubscribe on uptake, so we can in fact, be a market maker on the U.S. Gulf Coast, just to be sure.
P.J. Juvekar: And secondly, Dow and others have reported pretty good pricing power in the quarter but volumes were soft. So given this, you think pricing is coming under pressure as we go into 4Q, or can the producers hold onto pricing?
Andrew N. Liveris: So depending on the chain. For sure, polyethylene price weakness based on demand weakness. For sure, some of polyurethanes and epoxies, I mentioned MDI,  someone asked about MDI. Those are the products we're going to see short-term price pressures. Although the year-on-year, I think, we'll still be okay. I think really, the momentum going sequentially, will pick up especially on those chains in the Q1. But the rest is fine, in fact, the rest will be more margin expansion.
Doug May: Okay. Thank you very much, Andrew. Maybe I'll turn it back to you as we wrap up?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, please. Thank you very much, everyone, for asking your questions, I appreciate you listening on the call. What you see this quarter and what you're going to see in these next many years, is the continuation of us having the levers to deliver the earnings. We executed against those quite well in the quarter. I believe that every part of the portfolio did what it had to do to deliver its numbers. Clearly, there's some short-term softness in polyethylene, ethylene dynamics that got asked on the call. We are working through that and as inventories get themselves re-corrected in the Q1, the momentum will pick up and the ethylene, polyethylene plastic story will continue to see margin expansions north of 20% up into the 30% range. Every other part of the chain is gunning based on innovation, based on top line growth and based on geographic diversification. Emerging geographies are in great shape and we're investing against those. So our pathway, our 12-month trailing EBITDA of $8.7 billion, our record quarter, our record year-to-date number, our pathway to $10 billion is clearly in our grasp and we are marching our way relentlessly towards that. All despite short-term uncertainties based on confidence issues in the political arena. And of course, affecting the consumer and of course, today's announcement being a very big positive. Your company will continue to deliver, your management's committed to that and we thank you for your time, attention and interest.
Doug May: Great. Thank you, Andrew. Thank you for your interest in our company, your questions and for joining us this morning in the meeting. We appreciate it. We referenced a copy of our prepared comments will be posted on Dow's website later today. This concludes our call for today. We look forward to speaking to you again soon. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, everyone, for your participation today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Dow Chemical Company's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] One other note, today's call is being recorded. And at this time, I would like to turn the call over to Doug May. Please go ahead, sir.
Doug May: Thank you, Kim. It's great to be back with many of you again this week. As usual, we are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of the Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and David Johnson, Director Investor Relations. Around 6:30 this morning, July 27, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and was posted on the Internet on dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are posted on our website on the Presentations page of the Investor Relations section and through the link to our webcast. As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you'd like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and on our website. Unless otherwise specified, all comparisons presented today will be on a year-over-year basis. Sales, volume and price comparisons exclude recent divestitures, and EBITDA, EBITDA margins and earnings comparisons exclude certain items. Our earnings release, as well as recent SEC filings are available on the Internet at dow.com. The agenda for today's call is on Slide 3. I'll now hand the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Doug. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. On Slide 4, you'll see that this quarter once again exemplified our steadfast commitment to a strategy that delivers consistent and predictable value growth, and I believe our results speak for themselves. We showed once again that we are firmly on our earnings trajectory and undeniable growth path. We achieved robust growth in earnings per share, an impressive increase in EBITDA, up 25%, and we expanded margins for the ninth consecutive quarter. This tremendous performance was driven by strong sales growth, up 28% with demand capture and share gains across all geographic areas and virtually, all operating segments. Notably, our focus on price and volume management in the quarter more than offset the significant rise in purchased feedstock and energy costs. And while our headline this quarter is remarkable top and bottom line growth, this was also a quarter of many firsts. Our EBITDA reached a record for the first 6 months of the year, and we are well on our way to our near-term target of $10 billion. Sales in Asia Pacific reached a new level in the quarter, and the same was true in the total of all emerging geographies. Equity earnings of nearly $300 million contributed to our record first half, demonstrating the power of our joint venture strategy. Furthermore, our higher-margin downstream businesses delivered outstanding results. Health and Agriculture set a new sales record for the first half of the year and grew EBITDA more than 40% in the quarter. Electronic and Specialty Materials and Performance Systems both achieved quarterly EBITDA records. Our Water business set records in sales and in EBITDA, and our Plastics segment delivered its eighth consecutive quarter of EBITDA margin of more than 20%. As most of you know, this segment has undergone significant transformation over the last several years, shifting a commodity focus to that of a performance technology differentiated portfolio. This transformation takes a significant step forward again today. As we are announcing on this call that we've signed a definitive agreement to sell Dow's global polypropylene business for $340 million at an attractive multiple of 6.7x EBITDA. This sale to a strategic buyer has allowed us to achieve what we consider to be an excellent value for the sale of this business. Proceeds will be directed to our main priorities: debt reduction, remunerating shareholders and funding growth. Details about the buyer will be shared shortly. This divestment is yet another strong example of our disciplined and ongoing approach to portfolio management and allows us to further accelerate the transformation of our performance plastics franchise and has renewed and reshaped focus on downstream market-driven solutions. By doing this, we are dampening volatility and putting our propylene into higher-value end uses. And the bottom line is that our formula for success is straightforward, the right strategy and a diligent focus on putting it into action. On Slide 5, before I turn the call over to Bill, let me put our year-to-date results into a broader context. There's been a great deal of noise over the last several months regarding the macroeconomic environment and the pace of growth globally. And while there are headwinds in certain sectors, the fact is our transformed and broadly diversified portfolio is now performing on a new level and able to overcome headwinds in any particular sector. We fully anticipate our momentum will continue, and we remain firmly on the path to our near-term goals, those that we first outlined in 2009 and reaffirmed late last year. EBITDA and margin are both expanding at an excellent pace. Our EBITDA run rate, approximately $9 billion, is closing in on our near-term target of $10 billion. And we are tracking well toward our goal of 20% EBITDA margin at the enterprise level. Dow's transformed portfolio is delivering compelling results quarter after quarter, and we're well positioned to continue delivering on our growth path. I'll have more to say about that later in the call. Now let me turn it over to Bill for more detail on our financial and operating results in the quarter.
William Weideman: Thank you, Andrew. Turning to Slide 6. I'd like to remind you that my comments will be on a year-over-year basis. Sales, volume and price comparison will exclude divestitures, and EBITDA including margins and earnings comparisons will exclude certain items unless otherwise noted. Here, you see the quarter sales driven by volume growth of 9% and price gains of 19%. We delivered over $2.3 billion in EBITDA and earnings per share of $0.85, excluding a $0.01 certain item related to our continued proactive retirement of debt. These results compared to earnings of $0.54 in the same quarter last year, excluding certain items. Now let me turn to volume and price trends. On Slide 7, we saw demand growth in every geographic area and across most operating segments with particular strength in Health and Ag, Performance Products and Plastics. From a geographic perspective, Latin America and Asia Pacific led growth. And volume expansion in emerging geographies was also strong, up 14%. Moving to price on Slide 8. As you can see, price was up across all operating segments led by Performance Products, Plastics and Chemicals and Energy, each up 20% or more. And gains were double digits across all geographies with EMEA up the most. Our price discipline also more than offset a $1.5 billion increase in purchased feedstock energy costs. Now turning to our segments, starting with Electronic and Specialty Materials on Slide 9. Sales in this segment grew double digits, driven by 6% volume growth and price gains of 7%. Demand growth in Electronic Materials business was led by strong gains in Display and Growth Technologies. While Specialty Materials reported a solid year-over-year sales increase with double-digit gains in all geographic areas. Dow Water & Process Solutions achieved both top and bottom line record. Ion exchange and reverse osmosis membranes delivered notable demand growth. Turning to Coatings and Infrastructure. Sales were up 14%, driven by price increases. Volume was flat, and growth in the emerging world overcome continued softness in the construction and architectural end markets in the developed regions. All businesses in this segment took actions to mitigate the impact of volatile raw materials through disciplined price and volume management. And these delivered double-digit increases led by Dow Coating Materials. Moving to Health and Ag, which had an excellent quarter to round out an impressive first half of the year. This segment grew EBITDA more than 45% and expanded margin nearly 400 basis points year-over-year. All geographic areas reported double-digit sales gains versus the same quarter last year. Ag chem sales growth was driven by increased demand for range and pasture herbicides, as well as a 40% increase in new product sales led by herbicides for rice in Asia and cereal in the U.S. and Canada. The continued shift in North America to SmartStax and a strong growth season in Latin America drove significant volume increases in corn and sales in cotton more than doubled. All of this rolled up to an excellent quarter for Seeds, Traits and Oils. In fact, this business accounted for more than a 40% increase in volume growth in the Health and Ag. Turning to Performance Systems. Sales were up 19% with double-digit price increases achieved in all geographic areas. Notably, this segment delivered EBITDA margin expansion of more than 200 basis points, and EBITDA reached a record for the quarter. Dow Automotive Systems saw demand growth in Latin America in the glass bonding applications. This contributed a margin growth of 370 basis points. In Dow Elastomers, sales growth was up significantly, driven by volume and price gains across all the geographic areas. In particular, sales in Asia Pacific benefited from the successful startup of our special elastomers trade [ph] in our joint venture in Thailand. Sales in Dow Wire and Cable increased 17%. Demand for power transmissions and telecommunication applications in Latin America was particularly robust. In Performance Products, sales were up nearly 30%. Volume grew in all geographic areas with double-digit gains in North America and Asia Pacific. EBITDA was up more than 20%. Now turning to Plastics on Slide 11. Sales were up 30%. Polyethylene reported broad-based gains across all geographic areas. Also of note, Plastics maintained strong margins despite high and volatile feedstock cost due to our disciplined price volume management, our cost advantage feedstock position and our superior products differentiated in various end markets. And finally, sales in Chemicals and Energy rose 23%, and EBITDA grew significantly to $282 million due to strong economic fundamentals for Caustic, particularly in the pulp and paper alumina industries. Now let me give you an update on our progress in enhancing our financial flexibility. As you can see on Slide 12, our debt continues to decline. We have retired $4 billion of debt in the first half of the year, reducing our annual interest expense by more than $250 million going forward. We have also reduced our net debt to total capitalization to 41.6%, well on our way to achieving our 40% target by the end of 2012. I would like to conclude by reemphasizing our priorities for use of cash remain focused on the following key areas: further debt reduction, funding our growth initiatives, remunerating our shareholders and making small strategic bolt-on acquisitions like Prairie Seeds announced this quarter. Now I'd like to turn it back over to Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you very much, Bill. As I mentioned at the top of this call, this quarter was another tremendous fruit point of our strategy in action. We continue to diligently execute on each of our objectives, maintaining and enhancing the strength of our integrated portfolio, bringing our innovative solutions to the marketplace and expanding our already strong geographic reach. Taken together, these 3 pillars power Dow's diversified portfolio, giving us a broad end market and geographic exposure necessary to offset headwinds in certain sectors. That strength and diversification was, again, on display in the second quarter. For instance, we kept strong growth in Latin America and the emerging geographies more broadly, while North America experienced moderate growth. And on the business side, we took advantage of improving dynamics in the automotive, electronics, water and agriculture sectors while we await a firmer rebound of construction end markets in the developed regions. And as we look ahead, the actions we have taken our aligned to these 3 objectives and provide us with additional ways to deliver growth while mitigating uncertainties. So we turn to Slide 14. Let me start with our vast and well-balanced portfolio where integration provides the starting point for our roadmap to sustainable growth. Consider this fact. Today, some 70% of our ethylene production is located in feedstock cost-advantage regions. This is a truly impressive position that we have purposefully built. As you've heard me say before, we believe that integration must underpin and be the foundation for our transformed portfolio to drive our success, our sustainable growth. Dow's integration strength provides the backbone for our downstream growth in our science-based building blocks where our know-how and process technologies differentiate us. Those building blocks are, in turn, enhanced by our tremendous innovation engine that delivers solutions to a wide variety of technology-intensive sectors, areas such as packaging, agriculture and water to name a few. When combined, it is this asset and technology integration that makes Dow so unique and why our growth path has weathered the volatility we've seen over these last several months. That's why we are not stopping. We are taking actions now that will benefit us for several decades to come. First, by securing cost-advantage, less volatile raw materials. Our investments announced for the U.S. Gulf Coast, coupled with our recently announced joint ventures in Saudi Arabia and Brazil will enhance our already formidable position. These will provide the key building blocks for our downstream portfolio. Not only are we bringing on the capacity for those building blocks that is needed to capture demand growth driven by the trends that are redefining our world, but we are doing so in a way that will drive higher margins and lower volatility in our highly differentiated market-facing businesses. If you turn to Slide 15, these investments provide another benefit as well. They also vastly expand our geographic reach. Today, Dow is already positioned to benefit from the fastest-growing regions in the world. Just consider our results this quarter. We obtained quarterly sales records in Asia Pacific of $2.7 billion. And in the emerging geographies where sales were nearly $5 billion. This was fueled by double-digit demand growth in the fast-growing emerging geographies with strength in Electronic and Specialty Materials, Health and Agricultural Sciences and high-end differentiated Plastics. Clearly, our geographic momentum is strong, and we are building on it. This quarter, one of our joint ventures began commercial operations of a new world scale specialty elastomers plant in Thailand. This joint venture with Siam Cement offers the most technologically advanced elastomers portfolio in the world with brands like INFUSE, ENGAGE and VERSIFY and brings them direct to the fast-growing Asian markets. Looking further out, our investments and partnerships on the U.S. Gulf Coast, Brazil and Saudi Arabia position us to further capture demand in the fastest-growing regions in Asia, in Latin America, the Middle East, in Eastern Europe and all from back integrated, cost-advantage positions. These investments are aimed squarely at growth, both in high-value specialty markets as well as fast-growing regions. If you turn to Slide 16. These same trends guide our innovation investments. We have taken significant action on this front as well, as again this quarter, our investments in the pipeline and commercialization activities continued apace. Just consider our recent progress to accelerate with new investments. Our Agro Sciences business continue to benefit from its enhanced biotech capabilities, resulting from its new research center investments. In fact, our laboratory capacity, supporting our biotech business has increased by 150% over these last 12 months. Right here in Midland, we've commenced construction of our DOW POWERHOUSE solar shingle manufacturing facility. This product remains on track towards launch in the back half of this year, and then this new large-scale facility represents the first increment in a production ramp-up to 220 megawatts of annual solar shingle capacity by 2015. Our Water business opened up a state-of-the-art technology development center in Spain that is designed to accelerate commercialization of Dow technologies. And complementary to that, earlier this week, we announced our plan to locate a world-scale facility for film tech reverse osmosis elements in the ValuePark complex adjacent to our announced joint venture in Saudi Arabia. We also launched new innovations into the marketplace. Here again, it's squarely at the intersection of strategic priorities and the global megatrends that we believe are shaping our mutual futures. We launched the first saturated fat-free Omega-9 sunflower oil, which addresses increasing consumer demand for healthier products. This innovation provides a powerful ingredient advantage for food manufacturers, allowing them to eliminate saturated fat from food without sacrificing taste. Dow Coating Materials launched EVOQUE, a new class of material that allows paint formulators to reduce the amount of titanium dioxide in their formulations by up to 20%, while achieving equal or better paint performance. And the business captured its first sales of the product in the second quarter. And together with Haier, we introduced a new revolutionary washing technology into the Chinese home and personal care sector, which significantly reduces water and detergent consumption. This product is a result of work done at our world-class R&D center in Shanghai and reflects how our teams are using their knowledge of end market preferences to deliver real innovation. Moreover, we are winning new customers and gaining share in fast-growing end markets with our innovative technologies. In Electronics, we had another quarter marked by several customer wins including, but not limited to, wins in CMP pads and display films, all of which are helping that business achieve above market growth. In Agriculture, the continued ramp up of SmartStax hybrids in corn and market penetration of our PhytoGen seeds in cotton contributed to record first half sales and impressive volume growth. And we continue to see great momentum in our growth synergy capture. In fact, we are now 3/4 of the way towards realizing our $2 billion target by the end of 2012. These synergies are winning us business today as we bring to bear our vast technology know-how, customer base and global reach, coupled with regional insights. This is real progress, real focus and real transformation. These are just a handful of the many strong proof points we can share illustrating Dow's strategy in action. We are accomplishing our objectives in both big and small ways through investing in our integrated business portfolio, critical geographic investments and by accelerating delivery of innovative technologies to market. If you turn to Slide 17. Let me bring all these elements together, the 4 partnerships announced over the last several weeks that address our strategic objectives on all fronts while also maintaining our financial flexibility. In each case, these combinations leverage the strength of the 2 partners involved and drive growth, while at the same time, maintaining Dow's financial flexibility. As I walk through these, consider the megatrends addressed, the importance of innovation to each, the targeted geographies and how each fits into our integrated portfolio. First, our joint venture with UBE, which lies at the center of both the energy and consumerism megatrends. This partnership combines our materials science strength and UBE's expertise in electrolyte technology to deliver solutions that address the rapidly expanding energy storage industry. And it positions Dow to become a leading player in advanced battery materials. Furthermore, this joint venture complements the growth strategy of our Dow Energy Materials business by adding formulated electrolytes to an integrated portfolio offering. And when you consider our actions here along with our Dow Kokam venture to produce advanced lithium-ion batteries, you can clearly see how Dow has used partnerships to quickly build a leadership presence in a new industry. Second, our new partnership with Mitsui in Brazil. This project leverages biomass-based feedstocks, thus diversifying our raw material streams away from traditional fossil fuels. It'll bring innovative and sustainable solutions for the global high performance flexible packaging hygiene and medical markets. And more importantly, it is aligned squarely with our goal to growing high-value markets located in fast-growing regions. When complete, this will be the world's largest integrated facility for the production of biopolymers made from renewable sugarcane-derived ethanol. And it will be accomplished through a partnership with Mitsui that matches our 2 companies' focus on finding profitable and environmentally responsible business models. Third is the MOU we signed with Aksa from Turkey to form an integrated carbon fibers and derivatives joint venture. With this agreement, our 2 companies are on a path to create the carbon fiber composites industry only large-scale provider of full-service, fully integrated solutions. And it brings together the individual strengths of each company to provide end markets with better solutions, while also helping solve some of the world's most pressing challenges in areas such as wind energy, transportation and infrastructure. On Slide 18, of course, the fourth is our Saudi joint venture, Sadara, which we announced earlier this week. This partnership focuses on addressing rapid and sustained demand growth across a variety of end markets, particularly those related to the growing middle class in developing regions where consumers are buying more electronics, home and personal care goods and automobiles. The project will drive profitable growth in our downstream innovation driven businesses and particularly when the associated ValuePark is taken into account. This project is also centrally located to ensure our longer-term positions in attractive end markets in the rapidly growing regions of the world, including the Middle East, Asia Pacific and Eastern Europe. And finally, it is an advantage play for Dow with world-scale operations, leading technology and backed by cost-advantage feedstocks. This project is unmistakably value enhancing in terms of the contributions Dow will receive. Importantly, we will accomplish all of this through an equity-like business model. Geographies, innovation, integration. We are advancing our strategic agenda on all fronts through the lens of the megatrends that are redefining our world. We have been actively working on these innovative partnerships over the last several years, and we are working on many more. What you have seen over these last few days and weeks is the new Dow in action, a transformed innovative Dow, one of the world's most premier science companies, innovating in new spaces defined by the megatrends and the markets that result from them. Let me now turn to outlook on Slide 19. The underlying fundamentals of the fast-growing emerging geographies: Latin America, Eastern Europe, Asia Pacific remain robust. There are some potential headwinds in the near term like inflationary pressures in China for example, but our strong presence and diversification in this and other higher-growth economies continues to serve us well. In the developed markets, we see growth continuing to gain traction. This growth may be in a somewhat jagged pace, given persistently high unemployment in the United States and sovereign debt concerns in Europe, both of which will likely continue for some time. Taking all these factors into account, the fact remains that we benefit from our broad geographic reach and leadership positions in many attractive, high-growth end markets, positions that are strengthening and indeed growing both near term and long term. We will deal with headwinds by running our diversified portfolio for growth, both top line and bottom line growth. In closing on Slide 20, I would like to articulate our priorities for the balance of the year. We've been clear and consistent with what we have laid out previously, maintaining our diligent price volume management with an eye on developments in the global economic environment and specific markets, areas of risk and opportunity alike, commercializing our strong innovation pipeline, continuing our diligent focus on research and development driven by customer and market challenges and needs, advancing our geographic positioning to address the regions of fastest growth and opportunity evidenced by our recent decision to move forward with our megaproject in Saudi Arabia, enhancing our financial flexibility, driving down debt levels and driving efficiencies while maintaining our growth investments and remunerating our shareholders and doing all of this while maintaining our hallmark reputation for safe and reliable operations. This is the formula for success and for continued momentum. It is our formula for growth. This, of course, was the theme of our last Investor Day here in Midland. So let me now turn to our next Investor Day to be held on October 4 in New York. On Slide 21, as we have seen in the last 2 years, we will gather our best minds, business, geographic and innovation leaders and share with you our priorities for 2012 and beyond, as well as provide you with the granularity that underpins the next phase of our growth trajectory. It should be -- prove to be an exciting event, and I hope to see you all there. I'd like to now turn the call back over to Doug.
Doug May: Thank you, Andrew. Now we'll move on to your questions. First, however, I'd like to remind you that my comments regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Kim, would you please explain the Q&A procedure.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today will come from P.J. Juvekar from Citi.
P.J. Juvekar: A couple of questions on the propylene balance. You announced the sale of polypropylene assets. Do you have to sell corresponding propylene to the buyer? And post this, how does your buyers [ph] make balance shift?
Andrew Liveris: So as you just said P.J., this is breaking news. So we are announcing the deal today. There are a lot of details around the announcement that we haven't announced including the strategic buyer's name, which will come very soon. This is yet another step along the lines of putting out precious inputs, propylene in this case, into value-add outputs. You can assume that by doing this deal, we are liberating ourselves to do that. So that leads you to the logical conclusion that we are taking what we make into our value-add high-end uses like acrylics, epichlorohydrin and propylene oxide, and we're lowering our buy. And then, of course, with the announcements we made 2 months ago with PDH, the first unit and then already the second unit, you can assume that this now adds to the closure that by the time we're done with the second PDH unit, we'll be 100% captive.
P.J. Juvekar: Great. And can you also comment on the profitability of Ethylene Glycol and MEGlobal because if I look at your equity earnings, they were up the most in chemicals segment.
Andrew Liveris: Right. So of course, there's a couple of things going on in not just EO/EG. I mean, there was an outage that we benefited from and there's steady demand going on in the polyester market out in Asia, which is consistent, of course, with the fact that the emerging world is showing a different economic dynamic than the developed world. So between the polyester demand and as well as an outage, MEGlobal did well as did -- that means we did well in terms of our share of that. But chemicals in general did well, and that's because Caustic is doing very, very well because of continued solid demand in aluminum, pulp and paper. There's some softening going on in Europe, but we expect pricing to stay pretty strong in Caustic through Q3. VCM, PVC is also improving, which also, of course, helps us. And that's occurring in, actually, North America, which is great, which as you know some good early signals that domestic demand is supporting higher prices, which is also helping our chemicals unit. These days, our chemicals unit is very much a feedstock unit. All the profits you're seeing that is reported is all the merchant business, including the equity earnings that you just asked about. Most of our advantage goes downstream to our performance businesses, which is why we're inquiring in the first place.
Operator: Moving on, our next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: In the quarter, your prices were up about 19% year-over-year, so that's about $2.4 billion, and your raw materials were up $1.5 billion. So that nets out to something like a $900 million improvement in profits above raw materials. But your gross margin was only up about 450. So did you have operational issues? Why wasn't your gross profit improvement greater?
William Weideman: Yes, Jeff, this is Bill Weideman. Let me explain that. When you look at the price increases versus the $1.5 billion you referred to on hydrocarbon, keep in mind that's just hydrocarbon cost. So there's other raw material increase that you have to account for there. Also, from a standpoint of our turnaround costs, we're at actually $100 million, our planned turnaround cost because we normally do more turnarounds in the second quarter. We're up $100 million versus prior quarter and roughly $50 million versus a year ago. And also, I think as you get more time to digest the result, I think it's also important to look at the product mix because of the seasonality in some of our businesses. So naturally, ag was down lower. So I think if you look at all of those, I think it will make sense as you get a chance to analyze it.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Okay. And then lastly, what was the cash flow from operations in the quarter?
William Weideman: Hang on. Let me get that. I think the cash flow from operations was roughly $800 million in the second quarter.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Andrew Cash from UBS.
Andrew Cash: Just wondered if the ag business strong growth 13% first quarter, second quarter. EBITDA margins, attractive but flat at 22% despite the fact that your licensing business seems to be doing very, very well, as well as your cottonseeds business, which I assume is a fairly high-margin business. Was there something going on there in the second quarter such as incentives rebates? Or are you really goosing the R&D budget to have flat margins year-over-year?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, I wouldn't use the word goosing. I guess that's an American word, Andy but anyway...
Andrew Cash: That means boosting. Same thing as boosting.
Andrew Liveris: There you go. So look, yes, the R&D budget. I mean, as you know, we are now ramping to Enlist and 2,4-D, which is going to be the signature launch for the next season. We, obviously, have SmartStax going on. So you can really look at most of it as being R&D that's keeping that margin flat. So we have said $500 million of NPV from SmartStax. We've said $1 billion of NPV from Enlist and obviously, our new DHT trade fair. The POWERCORE in Brazil is also a part of that launch at Southern hemisphere. And so you've got a lot of what I call front-end loading on R&D and commercial gearing up for those 2 big launches.
Andrew Cash: Okay. Just as a follow-on, if I look at the second half of the year, obviously, seasonally weaker, but would you expect the second half of this year to still show kind of in the aggregate about 12% year-over-year growth in EBITDA?
Andrew Liveris: Are you talking about ag?
Andrew Cash: Yes, in ag, sure.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, sure. No, there's no question that, again, obviously, it's seasonal, right. So you've made that qualify already. But yes, look, our Southern hemisphere position is doing very, very well. I mean, we've been gaining share, SmartStax, POWERCORE I just mentioned. So yes, you can expect that.
William Weideman: All year you can expect that double-digit increase to double.
Andrew Cash: Okay. If I could just squeeze in one more. Andrew, it's been -- just quickly. Andrew, I can't miss this opportunity. It's been a year almost since Investor's Day, and you gave us a range of 350 to 550. Did you want to use this strong second quarter, strong second half as an opportunity to help narrow that range for us?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, so look, October 4 is Investor Day. You can come to that and do your math with us. But we gave you a very big statement about how our $10 billion EBITDA number is now within sight. And so look, we'll talk a lot more about that in Investor Day. But we don't give guidance, but we, certainly, give you milestones. And we'll give you guide post, and you got a pretty strong one from us.
Operator: We'll go next to Kevin McCarthy with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin McCarthy: Andrew, I was wondering if you could comment on what you're seeing in China. In your prepared remarks, you noted some inflationary pressures. The heat map still looks fairly positive outside of maybe construction and transportation. And then, I guess more narrowly, I'd be interested in your thoughts on polyethylene resin there. Has enough inventory been worked off at this point to kind of reinvigorate that market with, hopefully, some positive global implications in the back half of the year?
Andrew Liveris: Yes. So on China, firstly, Kevin, I mean, I think it's important to understand exactly what the inflationary pressures are in China. And just like when we measure inflation over here, it's all about the basket. And remember, a lot of their agricultural commodity price increases are all perishable goods versus packaged goods for example, and that's a big difference in terms of what you're counting in the basket and what you don't count. In addition, gasoline, petroleum that's been another big one of their worries and then speculation in around the construction sector. So what the Chinese are doing, they're doing it very well. I mean, they basically are moving away from the paying their population fuels in increasing perishable good pricing, as well as petroleum, gasoline pricing. And then, of course, the ramp up in speculation in the housing sector. But their basic economy, their industrial economy, their manufacturing economy is still doing very well. And they have to do very well because of their employment topic, which, of course, overrides all their concerns. They're managing themselves down very nicely. The official numbers are 8% or 9% GDP. And when you put a multiplier on for Chemicals and Plastics, that's a 12% or 13% growth rate in the world of chemicals and plastics, which then speaks to your polyethylene question, we're not seeing any issue there with polyethylene in terms of demand, especially our polyethylene, which is very much into applications such as agriculture for example and films and packaging in general, industrial packaging and the health and hygiene medical markets. We are seeing the demand growth, good volume growth and decent price power. And so we think the Chinese inflationary aberration then, we have the tools and the weapons to overcome it as Dow, given our product portfolio being 85% of our revenues in China are from our performance businesses anyway. So any effect of cyclicality commodity cycles, we're very immune to. So frankly, with our asset in Thailand now with elastomers selling more and more, we've sold out into China. Already, our PO asset's about to come up in Thailand to feed China. Really, frankly, we don't see any of these aberrations affecting our numbers in the back half of the year, which is what that heat map talked about.
Kevin McCarthy: Andrew, just as a quick follow-up, you've had your hands full, obviously, with Sadara and other large projects, but would you provide a quick update on the coal-based chemicals partnership with Shenhua?
Andrew Liveris: I'm glad you qualified and say, we've had our hands full. To get a project of $20 billion off the ground, Sadara has been a game changer to feed the Asian growth market in demand as we've already articulated on Monday's call. Obviously, look, we are tranching our investments, so they make sense to our balance sheet and make sense to our P&L and make sense to our investors. And we're doing it in an equity-like model. So Sadara is, if you like, the first large megaproject that serves Asian demand and subcontinent demand and Middle East demand. And then an end market, China players always been on our sights, but we've always believed that, that needed to have feedstock advantage as well. So China, Coal-to-Olefins and MTO and obviously, the ability to do that enough China coal is there. It will have a slightly different product mix to Sadara, and it'll definitely have different timing. We anticipate it to be at the back half of this year -- or decade, excuse me. Not this year, back half of this decade in terms of startup. So we've always said that, given, we've always said that we will really tailor these investments to suit our ability, obviously, to take them on and secondarily, what the market needs. So making good progress. Sadara first started up in 2015. Then, back half of the decade, we'll have the Coal-to-Olefins play.
Operator: Our next question today will come from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Andrew, in your seed business, did you gain share in U.S. corn seed this year and if so, how much?
Andrew Liveris: Okay. Numbers aren't in yet. So I can't be explicit on a number. So it's too early to predict. We're still looking at all the plant and acres out there, and the USDA's doing that, of course. And we had a very strong season in Latin America, so we definitely believe we've had share gain down there. We also believe we had share gain in cotton in the U.S. So the big question is on corn. Anecdotally, it certainly feels like that from our results, but I can't give you a specific yet.
David Begleiter: And just lastly, on your U.S. Gulf Coast exports this quarter, were they a little bit less than Q1? Did you see the export window close, given some of the higher propylene and ethane prices?
Andrew Liveris: Look, propylene a little bit. The arbitrage between Asia and U.S. propylene wasn't exactly favorable. And remember now, we've had several quarters in a row where that's moved around quite a lot depending on the cracking slate here in the U.S. So as the cracking slate in the U.S. here moves back toward a little heavier than you get excess propylene here, propylene drops.  It closes the gap to Asia. But at the other side of the coin, the Asian naphtha crackers have been in trouble. Their cash margins are very slim. And so obviously, propylene derivatives don't get produced. So that will move around quarter-to-quarter. We don't have any major effect on our export numbers between the quarters. We didn't see anything significant to answer that specifically.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our next question from Bob Koort from Goldman Sachs.
Robert Koort: Andrew, I think you said and maybe Jeff's earlier question sort of itemize the price cost dynamic across the company. Can you talk a little bit more specifically in the Performance and Coatings business? Have you guys got ahead of the curve there? Or is there still some wood to chop to cover raw materials? And then if we could be bold enough to deposit maybe a flattening of raw materials through the second half, is there a reason to believe we should see some margin elevation in those businesses?
Andrew Liveris: Well, our Coatings and Infrastructure business, as you know, has 2 very big anchors in there. One is the coatings unit, and the other is the Dow Building Solutions. And so both of them are affected by, obviously, the poor construction and architectural end markets specifically here in North America but also in Western Europe, but we have a bigger footprint here. So in our numbers, we still see volume as being fairly flat there. But we did raise price based on raws going up, raw materials going up. We raised revenues up 14%. And that was mostly price in the coatings arena. Obviously, the go-forward part of this thing is very important. Our feedstocks will be down quarter-to-quarter. So we expect that we might get some margin expansion there. So it's not a bold statement. But remember, now it becomes the off-season, right. So a lot of the demand side is behind us in terms of the paint season especially architectural. But we have some good things going on there beyond just the architectural side. If you talk at Dow Coatings, I mentioned EVOQUE and the launch of EVOQUE then, titanium dioxide hiding technology. And we also have the industrial coating side, and epoxy resins in industrial coatings are very strong and very robust. And we do see good demand in the industrial side. But overall, we're quite happy with the recovery in the Coatings business especially year-on-year. And if you go to Building Solutions for a bit, it's still a profitable business in a down market. Overall, by the way, let me take the opportunity to mention that as a company now, we are above prerecession volumes. So as an overall mix, even though the Coatings and the Building Solutions are trailers in that statement, the overall company is now above where it was prerecession including, of course, the Rohm and Haas acquisition and our pro forma basis.
William Weideman: May I add in? And Bob, just to add -- Bill Weideman -- on that also. I mean, our belief is that our 100 gram [ph] cost will be down, as Andrew alluded , about $100 million to $150 million third versus second, which is primarily driven by the lower declining propylene cost, which should bode well for our performance.
Robert Koort: And if I could follow up. You guys, obviously, track closely what's going in ethane prices. I'm guessing most people wouldn't have guessed $0.85 ethylene here as we get into the heart of the summer. What's your expectation going forward? Is there some point where it stays so high for so long, you revisit your plans to add capacity in North America?
Andrew Liveris: Look, I think when we announced the Gulf Coast investments, specifically as it is related to NGLs, specifically ethane and propane from the shale gas streams, the amount of capacity coming on and the amount of NGLs that have to be produced, the producers need the NGLs to make their investments payback. And when you do the dynamics around supply and demand, there's surplus propane and surplus ethane for quite a few years to come. But you can assume that we will be doing everything to partake in the NGL value add rather than take the risk as you just indicated that'll it trend to market price on naphtha or anything like that. So the gas-to-liquids arbitrage to naphtha, which is not the gas-to-oil arbitrage. It's gas-to-liquids to naphtha is totally based on excess supply of NGLs. So the answer to your question is we will be locking that into our economics because we'll be able to do it contractually and/or through equity.
Operator: And our next question today will come from Hassan Ahmed from Alembic Global.
Hassan Ahmed: Question -- apologies, I joined the call a little bit late. So if you've answered this, apologies for that. But question around the Plastics segment. You had a couple of sort of planned and unplanned shutdowns in that segment for the quarter. And you, also, in the press release talked about polypropylene sales in Asia Pac being a bit light. Now if those outages had not occurred in the quarter and polypropylene sales in Asia were similar to sort of the strength you saw in North America, would we have seen a sequential uptick in EBITDA? And if you could also give some sort of a sense of magnitude of that uptick.
Andrew Liveris: Well, so when Bill says outages, these were planned turnarounds to be very clear. And they're lumpy because you don't have them every quarter, so you guys -- it would be impossible for you to predict them unless we actually told you ahead of time. So the turnaround costs in Q2 '11 are $290 million. They're up $90 million sequentially and up $40 million from same quarter last year, and these are all because of the timing based on weather. Look, so that's got nothing to do with reliability. And in terms of the real issue on margin, you look at margin percentages and the propylene point I made earlier was really not a big factor to answer that specific question, Hassan. I think what you've got to really look at is it's really mostly the turnaround, planned turnarounds and mostly mix.
William Weideman: Well, Andrew, I agree.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Peter Butler from Glen Hill Investments.
Peter Butler: Andrew, can I apologize for giving you a softball question here?
Andrew Liveris: You can.
Peter Butler: Okay. I was talking to an investor yesterday who asked the simple question, why should the Saudi Aramco folks need a partner and why would they choose Dow? And when my answer proved inadequate, I encouraged him to listen to the conference call today. So that's the softball question for you.
Andrew Liveris: I mean, Saudi Aramco, I think your investor is quite right. Saudi Aramco is a wonderful company, and it has a myriad of choices to who to do business with. And of course, they represent the kingdom's massive oil and gas reserves. This process started 4, 5 years ago. What the kingdom and obviously,  Saudi Aramco decided is that they needed to partner with somebody who had the technologies and the products that are not in the kingdom today that could bring integration from a technology and process point of view and then global reach in terms of the markets that, that company would serve, such that they could diversify in the kingdom away from the commodity product mix that they had built over the previous 20, 25 years. When I say they, not Saudi Aramco, but other companies in the kingdom. So literally, Saudi Aramco is executing the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia's strategy to diversify their local economy into higher value add downstreams and took their portfolio of businesses into more know-how intensive, more technology intensive. And therefore, deploy their talent, their people, give them jobs in manufacturing sectors in downstream businesses that we at Dow could provide the enabling technologies for. They have an energy policy. They want to use that energy to diversify their manufacturing sectors for economic development, and for example, this water film tech investment that we've just announced is an example of a project that will now go alongside the joint venture. If you like, the joint venture is rainmaking further investments downstream in the value park. So why Dow? We give them the opportunity for the technology, the products, the scale, the global reach. We're an excellent operator of integrated assets and literally, we select ourselves in as probably the only company that has the brand, the history and the ability to do this. And we have common values and ethics to the Saudi Aramco Company. And of course, last but not least, both of us know how to handle big projects.
Doug May: You have one follow-up?
Peter Butler: Yes, I was looking at your polypropylene sale, and I'm thinking that with value-added chemical assets selling high right now, helped by some takeovers that are causing heroic prices, wouldn't it be better to remain a seller of assets and find some more hidden assets that you could use to bring down debt? Because I think the strong balance sheets are going to become an even more important investment theme in the future.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, look, you're dead on. And so you can expect us to be a continual liberator from our balance sheet of debt, as Bill said in his remarks. We will do that by being an aggressive portfolio manager. We will do that by selling assets that are attractive to others that don't really have a part in our ongoing transformation. We have a very attractive multiple here at 6.7 EBITDA. It fundamentally is higher than any of the comparables out there in a commodity-like business. So you can expect us to continue to do exactly what you said. We will continue to pay down debt. We will continue to liberate cash to allow us to remunerate our shareholders and keep funding our innovation. And our Saudi project's a great example of bang for the buck, getting access to advantage feedstocks. We can globally market the products, and we can do it in an equity-like model with hardly any new cash from Dow in the next several years, $500 million, $600 million and none of it till after 2014. So whether it's selling a business at effective multiples or doing equity-like business models, business models like Sadara, you can count on us being a strong, aggressive balance sheet manager to aggressively release and have more flexibility on the balance sheet. That's been our single focus. And with $35 billion of cash coming from operations in the next several years, you can count on us to be a liberator and lower debt.
Operator: And that question will come from John McNulty from Credit Suisse.
John McNulty: Just one quick question on your 2011 priorities on the maximizing margin through price and volume management. I guess I'm wondering at this point, are you seeing any points throughout your businesses where you're seeing a decent amount of demand disruption because of some of the significant price increases that you've put through. And how should we think about that going forward?
Andrew Liveris: John, thanks for your question and allows me to help Doug on the closing here. No, absolutely none. So look, this world has got a great emerging middle class. The tectonic shifts that are going on in the emerging world I said on TNBC [ph] this morning. I'm spending half, more than half of my month with customers around the world, and the demand factors that are going on there -- out there, lifting the GDP per capita consumption rates of all of our products is demand creation. And frankly, in limited supply, that augurs well for many of the products in our mix. With running our company in the mid-80s, with no new big capacities coming on in the industry in the next several years, frankly, price increase environment, price momentum is something Dow knows how to do, and we will continue to do it.
Doug May: Well, thank you, everyone, for your questions and for joining us this morning. We appreciate very much the interest in Dow Chemical Company. For your reference, a copy of our prepared comments will be posted on Dow's website later today. But before I end the call, actually, Andrew, I'd like to hand it back to you and maybe you'd like to make some closing comments.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, look, the last couple of questions in particular spoke to a Dow that is really growing its earnings and growing its earnings profile as we articulated in '09. So in Investor Day in '09, we talked about our new portfolio and we presented several financial targets, which we committed to you that we would give you granularity on. We also started opening up our innovation playbook to you to show you the power of our technology-integrated portfolio. In 2010, we updated you on our progress and our milestones and showed you proof points that we're on a right trajectory. We also showed our divisional leaders and gave you a view of our bench to give you the granularity and how they're being measured on delivering the EBITDA margin expansion and the resulting EPS by business portfolio. So we are now in the middle of 2011. We believe the quarter and the half year that we just had shows you that what we talked about in '09 is becoming a reality. We believe we are on our path toward the $10 billion EBITDA near-term target and that we're reaping the benefits of a very diversified portfolio. So in the October 4 Investor Day, we're going to give you a very clear view of our near-term trajectory. We're going to show you our divisional leaders again to give you more granularity on their milestones especially around innovation but also on our investments in the U.S. Gulf Coast and the shale gas value add and how that's going to hit our bottom line in our various businesses. We're also going to talk a lot more about our Sadara joint venture for 2015 startup and how that's going to feed the trajectory we're on. And what is that trajectory? We're going to talk about the trajectory that's going to take us from a $10 billion number to a $15 billion number. And we're going to give you the granularity on the programs that underpin that number. There is no turning back. We're a transformed company that is on its path. We're diversified. We are uniquely globally positioned. We can take down any headwinds with a lot of tailwinds that we've put in place due to our own actions. That's what you can expect from us. Sustainable earnings growth, balance sheet management, full priorities on achieving the $15 billion EBITDA target. We look forward to seeing you in New York on October 4.
Doug May: Great. Thank you, Andrew. That concludes our call for today. We look forward to speaking with you again soon. Thank you.
Operator: And that does conclude our conference call today. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company's First Quarter 2011 Earnings Results Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Doug May, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Doug May: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, we're making this call available to investors and the media via the webcast. This call is property of The Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Howard Ungerleider, outgoing Vice President of Investor Relations; and David Johnson, Director of Investor Relations. Around 6:30 this morning, April 28, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and was posted on the Internet on dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments on this conference call. These slides are posted on our website on the presentations page of the Investor Relations section and through the link to our webcast. As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you'd like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and on our website. Unless otherwise specified, all comparisons presented today will be on a year-over-year basis. Sales comparisons will exclude recent divestitures, and earnings comparisons will exclude certain items. Our earnings release as well as recent SEC filings are available on the Internet at dow.com. The agenda for today's call is on Slide 3. I will now hand it over to Andrew Liveris.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Doug, and welcome aboard. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. If you take a look at Slide 4, you'll see that this quarter was a breakout quarter for Dow. Our results clearly demonstrate our accelerating momentum and our discipline, determined focus on execution. We are firmly on our performance trajectory. A fact you can see across multiple fronts and most importantly by our robust top and bottom line growth. Earnings per share were up substantially, nearly double the year-ago period. We delivered EBITDA of $2.4 billion, representing the second highest result in our company's long history. And once again, we delivered significant margin expansion with Coatings and Infrastructure, and Performance Products in particular achieving significant margin gains. In fact, in Performance Products, we achieved year-over-year margin expansion in every business. This segment expanded margins by more than 500 basis points and also drove margins higher sequentially. And also our Chemicals and Energy and our Plastics segments benefited from our positive U.S. Gulf Coast speed stock and energy fundamentals. These strong results were also fueled by record sales in EBITDA in Health and Agricultural Sciences, another quarter of strong performance from Electronic and Specialty Materials, as well as broad-based volume growth and rigorous price management across our portfolio. Our results illustrate that we did exactly what we said we would do even in the face of headwinds, notably the high and volatile feedstock costs. We are focused, and we executed. And speaking of execution, we also delivered against another key priority mainly continuing to enhance our financial flexibility. We told you we will further strengthen our balance sheet and to that end, in the first quarter, we paid down $2.5 billion in high coupon debt, which is immediately accretive to earnings. We maintained our focus on delivering value to stockholders demonstrated by our recent announcement to significantly raise our dividend. This is the power of Dow in action. These results reflect the company with a powerful and diverse portfolio and expanding geographic presence and an increased capacity for investments in growth. We have the momentum to deliver and catalyst that will further propel our growth. And I'll provide an update on these in a few moments. But before we get down to business, I would like to take a moment to acknowledge the recent tragic events in Japan, which remind us of the fragility of life and extend our ongoing sympathies and support to the people of that nation. Our Dow team moved quickly to assess the situation, and we are pleased to say that we fully accounted for the safety of all Dow employees in Japan. I'm extremely proud of the team's efforts in the aftermath and the continued focus as Japan and its people begin the rebuilding process. While the event brought relatively minimal impact to Dow's operations in the region, it is clear that the need for assistance is paramount. In response, Dow and its employees have donated $6 million in aid, and we hope our contributions can help expedite the country's efforts to rebuild. Our thoughts and prayers are with the people of Japan, our Dow family, communities and partners who are coping with the aftermath. And now turning back to the quarter, let me hand it over to Bill to provide greater detail on our results.
William Weideman: Thank you, Andrew. Before I begin, I'd like to remind you that this information is on a year-over-year basis and that sales comparisons exclude divestitures and earnings comparisons exclude certain items unless otherwise noted. Starting on Slide 5. Our earnings were $0.82 per share excluding certain items, which totaled $0.28 in the quarter. $0.26 of these certain items were related to our proactive retirement of high coupon debt in the quarter. On a reported basis, earnings were $0.54 per share. Now let me turn to volume and price trends. As you can see on Slide 6, we experienced demand growth in every operating segment in every geographic area. We saw particular strength in Electronics and Specialty Materials and Health and Ag, both of which were up double digits. Geographic growth was led by Europe, Middle East and Africa, as well as Asia-Pacific. And from an emerging geography perspective, demand growth was led by Eastern Europe, up 13%; and the emerging regions in Asia-Pacific, which were up 11%. Moving to price on Slide 7. Andrew mentioned our disciplined focus on price volume management. Our discipline in this area more than offset a $700 million increase in purchase feedstock energy costs. This enabled us to drive solid margin expansion across most of our operating segments. Now I'd like to turn and review each of our operating segments, starting with Electronic and Specialty Materials on Slide 8. This segment experienced broad-based volume growth, driven by strong demand in both Display Technologies and Growth Technologies. Specialty Materials reported demand growth in all geographies. Current quarter results were slightly impacted by the tsunami in Japan, which flooded our liquid separation facility. As a result, we wrote down $22 million of damaged property in inventory in the quarter. Although we continue to monitor and assess the situation working closely with both suppliers and customers in the region, looking ahead, we expect any impact to our businesses will be modest, it's similar -- sorry, similar to the impacts that we saw in the first quarter. Turning to Coatings and Infrastructure. Price and volume gains enabled the business to deliver an EBITDA increase of more than 30% and margin expansion of 230 basis points. The most significant driver was Dow Coating Materials where margin increased significantly. The business benefited from improved fundamentals in the epoxy value chain coupled with strong margins in our architectural segment due to our focus on bringing innovations to the marketplace. Moving to Health and Ag. Volume gains of 14% drove this segment to new sales and EBITDA records in the quarter. Most notably, Seeds, Traits and Oils demand was up more than 25% with significant volume increases in corn seeds in both the U.S. and Brazil. Cottonseed sales were also up significantly, driven by an increase in planted U.S. acres. We expect to gain share in this area again this year. In Performance Systems, we achieved double-digit sales growth with price increases in every geography. Margins were impacted by the significant increase in propylene costs. However, we expect margins to recover over the next several quarters. Our Performance Products segment demonstrated strong price and volume discipline, leading to significant margin expansion. In particular, we received -- we achieved improvements in our thermosets envelope, namely epoxy and polyurethane. Turning to Plastics on Slide 10. Polyethylene supply-demand fundamentals remain strong, and customer inventories levels low, enabling the business to deliver significant EBITDA gains. Demand growth in Asia continues to be robust, and as a result, our enhanced footprint in Thailand. And finally, Chemicals and Energy sales were up 16%, and EBITDA improved due to our strong focus on price and margin management. I'd like to close with a few additional comments. We delivered another quarter of strong equity earnings reaching nearly $300 million. We retired $2.5 billion of gross debt in the first quarter, which will reduce our annual interest costs by nearly $200 million. In addition, we plan to reduce gross debt another $1.2 billion in the second quarter. And finally, as we look ahead, I'd like to close with a few comments on the second quarter of 2011. We expect revenue to continue to increase, driven by continued pricing momentum and the steady improvement demand led by the emerging geographies. Interest costs will be lower due to our recent debt reduction actions, and equity earnings are expected to remain strong supported by high crude oil and naphtha prices. Based on current trends, our hydrocarbon energy cost will increase sequentially by approximately $500 million. Planned turnarounds will be up sequentially as we enter the summer months. And Health and Ag Sciences will be down sequentially in line with normal seasonality. Now I would like to turn it back over to Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Thanks, Bill. If you turn to Slide 12. As we power our way to our new earnings profile, let me describe for you some catalysts that we consider newfound tailwinds that will drive our earnings trajectory further. This is, in essence, the power of a transformed Dow, one that continues to execute against its transformational agenda. We delivered a tremendous 2010, and we're now following that with a strong first quarter in 2011 that puts us well on our way toward our near term goal of $10 billion in annual EBITDA. The following strategic catalysts will help drive our growth further: The direct result of our team's efforts to unlock additional value for our shareholders and strengthen our bottom line; a renewed stronger portfolio, integration strength and feedstock advantage that is second to none in the industry, especially in the United States and Canada; strong growth in the emerging regions of the world; an accelerating innovation pipeline; further enhanced financial flexibility; and an intense focus on productivity and efficiency drive that we will provide more details on in the near future. Turning to Slide 13. Central to our transformation is our renewed portfolio and the improvements we have delivered over these last several years to power our growth moving forward. Clearly, our Advanced Materials and AgroSciences divisions are large platforms of growth with robust strategies and methods in place to drive this growth. But also compelling are the actions we have taken in our Basics and Performance businesses trimming non-core assets, combining certain businesses to capture synergies, looking for opportunities to partner and having strong leadership in place. As a result, we have fundamentally redesigned these divisions by significantly shifting their mix towards performance and downstream businesses. Take for example our chemicals footprint, where we have -- which we have right sized through joint ventures and other measures to align with growth in our downstream Performance businesses, enhanced our cost position and ultimately improved the profitability of our portfolio. But we also took action with our Plastics businesses, the strongest franchise in the industry. We knew it could be stronger. Our strategy here has been consistent and straightforward, streamlining to move away from commodity plastics and moving faster into high-margin specialty plastics. And we have executed by shutting down and divesting various portions of this division. An example of this was the sale of Styron last year. Because of the actions we have taken, this division has been totally reconfigured and reformed into our Performance Plastics division and is now better positioned to deliver higher and more sustainable margins. Note that we will continue to explore alternative options with a less differentiated and nonstrategic portions of this division. The key growth businesses in this division are our technology differentiated plastics including Solution Polyethylene and Elastomers plus market focused units such as Wire & Cable and Dow Packaging and Converting. Turning to Slide 14. You can see by bringing these businesses together, we are creating a singular focus and a unique set of solutions for customers in those industries such as packaging, health and hygiene, electronics and telecommunications. Take packaging for example, where we bring the industry's broadest and most comprehensive toolbox of technologies to bear for this segment. From oxygen barriers to tie layers to adhesives, the combination of these products allows us to deliver unique packaging solutions and collaborate up and down the value chain with equipment manufacturers, converters, brand owners and leading global retailers. We've also taken similar actions in health and hygiene, in electrical and telecommunications. And we are creating a new innovation S curve for specialty polyolefins with our leading Elastomers franchise. Specialty market segments like these demand and reward new technology innovation. In fact, close to 40% of the products sold into these market segments are less than 5 years old. We are bullish on this division in part because it is well positioned. We know our technology and brand leadership differentiates us in the marketplace. And equally compelling is the advantage from our significant economies of scale and strong back integration into feedstocks. That brings me to the next catalyst: our integration strength and accessing the shale gas dynamics in the United States to enhance our business performance due to increased supply and better back integration opportunities of NGLs. On Slide 15, you can see that, as you know, integration is one of our greatest strengths. We have long said that we believe any specialty chemical company must have both technology differentiation downstream, as well as asset integration upstream for cost competitiveness. The specialty chemical company graveyard is littered with companies that didn't understand the strategic importance of integration. Dow, on the other hand, is the largest, most integrated and most feedstock flexible ethylene producer with the broadest, most well developed infrastructure. Last week, we made a series of significant announcements that will enhance our production capability for feedstocks on the U.S. Gulf Coast and equally as important, to secure access to ethane. This is core to our strategy, enabling us to increase our range of flexibility toward ethane while also preserving the capability to consume the other feedstocks. These actions will help to ensure supplier cost advantage raw materials for our downstream businesses, while protecting against volatile energy markets. The announcements stated that we will restart an existing ethylene cracker and increase ethane feedstock flexibility for several other crackers on the U.S. Gulf Coast. And taken together, these actions would increase our ethylene production capabilities by as much as 20% in the United States over the next 2 to 3 years and allow us to deliver as much as 90% of our North American ethylene from ethane. But we're not stopping there. As the clear industry leader, we're taking steps to connect the U.S. Gulf Coast to the Marcellus shale gas basin for ethane supply to our U.S. Gulf Coast assets through our announced MOU with Range Resources. This will give us access to the liquids from the Marcellus region in particular for our operations in Louisiana and complements the ethane and propane supply contracts that we already have in the Eagle Ford basin and other shale gas regions. Finally, we announced plans to build a new worldscale ethane cracker, which will start up in 2017. This cracker will be advantaged based on shale gas-derived natural gas liquids. Turning to Slide 16. You can see that integration of the propylene chain is equally important, which is why we also announced construction of a new worldscale on purpose propylene facility at our Freeport, Texas site and pushing ahead with commercializing our new proprietary technology in a second facility to be completed by the end of this decade. We are already fully integrated in the propylene chain in all areas of the world with the exception of the U.S. Gulf Coast. These investments will reduce our net purchases of propylene to less than 10% of our total use in the United States. Collectively, these investments are on strategy and will strengthen the vast majority of our performance businesses in the Americas, as well as enhance their position to capture future growth. Our downstream performance businesses are at the heart of our transformation. So access to competitively priced raw materials is more than critical. It's essential to ensuring these businesses can grow even faster and more profitably tomorrow. On Slide 17, turning now to our investments for growth in emerging regions. Here again, we are delivering in our progress report as follows. As you know, last year, a new cracker on Polyethylene facility was start up through our joint venture in Thailand. We have now brought online our new worldscale specialty Elastomers plant at the site as well, and we are on track to start up the HPPO plant later this year. Our proposed project with Saudi Aramco in Jubail is in the final stages of the FEED study, and we expect both partners to move to the final approval stage in July. In addition, we have many other investments that are on track in the emerging world as shown on this slide. Now let me turn to Slide 18. Let me turn for an update on our innovation pipeline, which is another key catalyst for our growth. Our focus in these area is twofold. We continue to build a rich and valuable pipeline, one of the strongest in the industry. And we are bringing these technologies to market at an accelerated pace. For example, Dow AgroSciences has been investing significantly in its technologies and now many are coming to market. Several of note, Refuge Advanced powered by SmartStax. This gives growers in the Corn Belt an all-in-one option that saves both time and money. POWERCORE is a corn insect control technology that will increase productivity in Brazil, and we've introduced Enlist, an advanced weed control system that will help growers advance modern farming by providing robust tolerance. Innovations are also accelerating in our Coatings and Infrastructure segment. We launched EVOQUE, a revolutionary development for paint customers. This technology platform not only allows our customers to improve the efficiency of titanium dioxide but more importantly, it produces a better can of paint, offering enhanced binding performance and improved hiding capabilities. This innovation directly addresses formulators' demands for better titanium dioxide efficiency and enhances our strong position in high-quality architectural coatings. Also, we announced the first licensing agreement with Chemtura for our new flame retardant technology that will become the next industry standard. More sustainable than current solutions and more effective, this new technology was developed by Dow and comes against the backdrop of an ongoing surge for more sustainable products and pending regulatory restrictions on HBCD, the car industry solution, while still providing fire safety solutions for XPS and EPS insulation foam producers. Each of these innovations, and these are just a few examples of many, is a game changer not just for Dow but for our customers. And not just for tomorrow, but for today. On Slide 19, the final catalyst that I will note today to enhance shareholder value continues to be our relentless focus on financial flexibility. We've consistently said that we will generate $35 billion in cash from operations through 2015 and that we have enough funds to pursue our 3 main objectives: deleveraging, remunerating shareholders and investing in the growth opportunities I talked about today, with room as well for bolt-on M&A. Let me also point out that this does not include any award from the arbitration proceedings against PIC for breaching the K-Dow joint venture formation agreement. On that note, the parties recently completed submitting their evidence in the arbitration, and we anticipate a decision later this year. We remain confident in our position, and any positive result will improve our financial flexibility. Taking all of these catalysts together, they will provide continual tailwinds for our earnings power and are geared to deliver tremendous additional shareholder value. On Slide 20, I'd like to now turn to our outlook. We are seeing improvements in business investment, consumer spending and early signs of job creation in the United States. Loosening credit conditions and firming exports are positive signs of a strengthening recovery as well, particularly for domestic manufacturing. Of course, we will continue to benefit from our flexible advanced feedstock cost position and our continuing actions that tilt our portfolio to high margin specialty businesses. In Europe, we see 2 somewhat divergent stories playing out. Gold in Europe appears to be maintaining its growth power as business investment continues, particularly in countries where Dow has a prominent footprint. Southern Europe continues to lag as sovereign debt concerns, high unemployment and reduced domestic spending remain headwinds to growth. Conversely, growth in the emerging regions continues to be robust, driven by rapidly growing consumer demand and infrastructure investments. Demand remains strong for technologies that enable leading-edge consumer electronics, coatings  solutions with a lower environmental footprint and water filtration materials. These are all areas where Dow has a leadership position. Even so, we are monitoring rising concerns on inflation and how governments may manage these risks. Should any of these headwinds impact the overall pace of recovery, Dow has intervention-based strategies in place to manage the resulting uncertainty. But let me be clear. Taken as a whole, growth continues on a positive path, and we are not just satisfied with growing at the pace of global recovery. We continue to create the opportunities that will drive our earnings growth trajectory, which brings me to our priorities, my last topic this morning. You can turn to Slide 21. You can see that nearly 18 months ago at our Investor Day in New York, we laid out strategic and transformational commitments. We said we would drive growth, accelerate earnings, invest in our businesses and reward shareholders. We set the bar high, and we believe we could reach even higher. Today, it is clear. We are delivering against each and every milestone we laid out, and we are firmly committed to maintaining this trajectory. Our first quarter results clearly demonstrate that we have fundamentally renewed our portfolio and are making investments that will drive smart growth moving forward. We have a relentless focus on executing against our priorities. This means continuing to pursue strong price volume discipline to grow our bottom line. It means making the right investments from our upcoming investment decision regarding Dow's proposed joint venture with Saudi Aramco to our [indiscernible] innovating more smartly, all of which will grow the top and bottom line. It means continuing to strengthen our balance sheet to achieve an even greater financial flexibility. Now we have made great progress on this point faster than most expected, and we will continue our pace. And it means maintaining the safety and reliability of our operations, a hallmark of Dow. We are a company with incredible momentum, and we have priorities that will keep us firmly on the path to higher and more consistent earnings growth. It's the trajectory to which we have committed and our commitment knows no limits. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Doug.
Doug May: Thank you, Andrew. Now we move to your questions. First, however, I would like to remind you that my comments regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both our prepared remarks and following Q&A. John, would you please explain the Q&A process?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from John McNulty with Credit Suisse.
John McNulty: Question on the Performance and Specialty businesses because margins clearly saw some pretty big pickups year-over-year and even in some cases, sequentially, and I guess I'm wondering with the recent kind of very recent spike in some of the raw materials, are these sustainable type levels? Is this the right basic kind of think about going forward, or do we take a step back before we step forward? And then as a follow-up on the electronics margins, even backing out I guess the one-time issues tied in Japan, it seems like the margins were maybe a little bit softer than they've been over the last few quarters and I guess I'm wondering what's driving that and how to think about that going forward.
Andrew Liveris: I'll let -- John, let Bill answer the second question. Let me go at the first. You remember from our Investor Day in New York 18 months ago, we laid out our road map and you may remember that in performance, the margin expansion in Performance Products, Performance Systems businesses was clearly geared towards margin expansion of the growth kind, in other words, price volume management as the economy recovered. So we're going back to where we were in key businesses like urethanes, epoxies. And of course, what also has happened is some resulting tightness in the chain, which has come around through a capacity rationalizations across the downturn and no new builds. What's going on is what we said would go on, which is margin expansion even though it's not linear, even though quarter-to-quarter you'll get variability because hydrocarbon and energy costs don't go up in a straight line. The trajectory of margin expansion is what we're firmly on in the performance businesses. And if you look at prerecession volumes and you look at where Performance Systems, Coatings and Infrastructure if you like and even Electronic and Specialty Materials are, with the exception of Electronic and Specialty Materials, the other 3 segments are still behind their prerecession volumes. So there's still room for growth. We still see room for margin expansion. And yes, there is cost push, but we have demonstrated now several quarters in a row in those businesses that we can manage our margins against price volume around the regions of the world so we can get continual margin expansion. Bill, why don't you take on the Electronic Specialty Materials question?
William Weideman: Sure, John.  A couple of things. Yes, if you look year-over-year, the combined Electronic and Specialty Materials EBITDA is down $24 million as you know, but there's really 2 key things impacting that. One is, as I highlighted in my comments, the Japan impact was approximately $20 million. In addition, if you look at the same quarter last year, we had a favorable tax adjustment on Dow Corning of $22 million. And so year-over-year, that impacted Dow Corning's comparison, which is included in that segment. So actually if you exclude those 2 kind of one-time items, if you will, then actually our EBITDA is up. Also if you adjust those, our actual EBITDA margins are close to 30%. So those 2 items impacted comparison versus a year ago. And to add to Andrew's comment, I would tell you and also comments on that I made in my comments, we got strong pricing momentum going into the second quarter, both in our Basic and our Performance businesses, so.
Howard Ungerleider: John, this is Howard. The only other point on Electronic Materials was that they expanded margins both sequentially and versus same quarter last year. And on an EBITDA basis versus the fourth quarter, which is typically one of the strongest quarters between Q3, Q4, Q1 EBITDA in Electronic Materials was also up. So we don't see really weakness in Electronic Materials. It was all in Specialty Materials because of the reasons, the one-time reasons that Bill outlined.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Koort: Andrew, can you help me a little bit on the investments you're making upstream now? It sounds like maybe it's not going to be as asset light as we might have perceived 18 or 24 months ago, if you're building Ethylene plants and PDH units maybe investing in Saudi. So has there been a change of heart there or how do you calibrate those actions with an asset light approach?
Andrew Liveris: It's always an interesting discussion.  I had in my remarks how sometimes people get confused about what's asset light and what's not asset light. One thing that I said in my remarks is specialty chemical companies who have integration in the building blocks such as propylene oxide, acrylic acid, such as Ethylene Oxide all the key building blocks, epichlorohydrin, really you need that integration to make money in the downstream. So the way we set up the current Dow is Performance Products in particular has a lot of these building blocks and a lot of them are propylene derivatives, in fact, most of them. When we made the Rohm and Haas acquisition, it's very clear to us that back integration of propylene was key. We invested actually -- I'm not sure if you followed this -- over $500 million in feedstock flexibility in our U.S. Gulf Coast assets over these last 5 years already. We accelerated those increase with the PetroLogistics deal, and now what we're doing is one more time accelerating our back integration so we do not have propylene buy. We currently buy 50% of our U.S. propylene. That's not sustainable. The propane advantage, the advantage is moving to propane not propylene, and that's a whole dynamic I could get it into it if you wish on some other question. But the propane dynamic is what we're now taking advantage of. The Ethylene dynamic is also key. We have Specialty Elastomers, Wire & Cable, we have our Solution Polyethylene packaging business. We have a lot of our Performance Plastics businesses, our EO derivatives that really need low cost ethylene advantage versus if you like market price ethylene. We can't continue to be a buyer of ethylene for those downstream businesses. So these first tranches are just completing our back integration. The second tranche, the big cracker on ethylene, the 2017 one, is for the growth. We believe the U.S. is entering a growth phase for performance businesses. And to support our Advanced Materials business and our Performance businesses, we believe we need to back integrate. So now do we do equity light, asset light on that cracker? We'd be open to conversations. If people want to come to us and say we'd like to transfer a commodity piece just like we did with Shintech -- excuse me, with Mitsui on the Chlor-Alkali deal on chlorine. They've taken the commodity piece with VCM.  We'd be quite happy to do that. But frankly, all of our expansions are all for our downstream performance businesses here in North America in U.S. On top of that, we have large network of pipelines, a current capability on storage. We have very low cost increments here in the United States, and this will go straight to our bottom line.
Robert Koort: Great. And then you guys provide the heat map on Slide 20, which is really helpful. I think you guys have an interesting and unique perspective globally and maybe it's getting too fine tuned here, but I noticed you moved European construction to a positive attribution here, positive description. Can you give us a little more color on what might be going right in European construction?
Andrew Liveris: Yes. I mean, fundamentally, we really have a tale of two Europes and for us, we're very strong and large footprint in Germany and France and the Rohm and Haas acquisition also does big in France. And frankly, Germany and France are doing great in the construction sector is showing a rebound, and there is stimulus around the construction still. And we see the right sort of programs there continuing. We see a little bit of spillover from our assets being able to also run at capacity by selling into Eastern Europe and Russia. Russia was very strong for us in the quarter. Russian growth is very, very strong in the building construction area. And really what we're seeing there is rigid insulation panels, some type of construction required in Russia on rigid insulation panels that our PU business can provide. So that's really the way we see Europe in terms of building construction why it moved.
Robert Koort: Great.  Thank you.
Operator: And we'll move on to our next question from Andy Cash with UBS.
Andrew Cash: My question is about moving the Ethylene from Marcellus. We're hearing plans are being made to move into the Philly area then by ship to the Gulf Coast. So if you assume that [indiscernible] approve the replugging of NGL ships to transport the ethane and looking at the costs, we're hearing maybe in the mid-teen cents per gallon, what sort of advantage do you think you guys would have over -- now given the volume that you guys will be using, what sort of advantage might you have over some of the just generic buyers of ethane on the Gulf Coast?
Andrew Liveris: I mean, firstly, as you saw in the announcement, we have the MOU with range and Marcellus coming into play on the U.S. Gulf Coast is clearly the big announcement we made. I mean, in essence, what you should read in this announcement is after 6 to 9 months of work, the Marcellus NGLs, our use of them, the market making aspect of that in the U.S. Gulf Coast, we believe our infrastructure down the U.S. Gulf Coast, all the capacity I talked about on the previous question, is really why we want the Marcellus NGLs down that way. And our suppliers are working with us on the most cost competitive way of getting down there. There's 2 choices. You talked about marine.  That's clearly one, but there's also our pipeline choice. And clearly both of those will be evaluated working with us as an off tanker or even as a small participant, it depends. We are looking at any economic model that lowers the cost of Dow. Now clearly, the big question you ask is, is this all going to be -- advantage Dow on cost? I will say, Y-E-S. We are doing this to be advantaged in our upstream clearly. Now we've got a lot of confidential agreements and negotiations going on. You can expect us to be very much a Dow Chemical in the way we get back integration like we've done in Argentina, like we've done in Canada and like we've done in the United States before. And that will mean that we will get the natural gas number linked to the ethane number and the propane number in some way that will make an advantage on the downside and make an advantage on the upside if the oil to gas arbitrage stays where it is, which we believe it will for some years to come. Our guys are working on it, and the only other piece of information I'll give you is these are all very high DCO [ph] projects.
Andrew Cash: Okay, it sounds very flexible. Now a question on the operating rate for the quarter. I think you guys said 83% was the average. I was just curious. What impact the unplanned outages may have had? And was EQUATE in that 83%? And if not, how is EQUATE doing now?
Andrew Liveris: Go ahead, Bill.
William Weideman: Yes. Right. The reported operating rate was 83%. The planned and couple of unplanned outages we had, had an impact of about 3 percentage points. So if you adjust for those, our operating rate would've been closer to 86%. And no, the answer to your question on EQUATE, no, that is not factored into our operating rate because it's not, in fact, consolidated.
Andrew Cash: And how is it running now?
William Weideman: It's running fine.
Operator: And moving on, we'll take our next question from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Andrew, could you break out though the impact of phenol, Polyurethanes, epoxies on the year-over-year numbers, your year-over-year growth in EBITDA?
Andrew Liveris: In EBITDA, we don't tend to do that. I'm looking over at 2 IR directors here on the phone call which is really kind of doubling up on you, Dave. But we don't intend to break down to that level but, look, the price increases on phenol chain, the Epoxy LER itself, the acrylic esters was all double digit. The Performance Products total was 530 basis points. And you can assume that between phenol acrylics and also performance monomers in general like butanol, they all went up. What you got on phenol is the Cumene supply issue. I mean, Cumene has been short. We're a big producer, so we can capture all that and capture it as chain. But what you're seeing also -- by the way, I didn't answer this in the first question on Performance Products. This is the result of about a couple of years of work for the right size of footprint in key parts of the world to get our tight operations up and running, to get us access to the market in Asia but also epoxy operations in Asia feeding the Electronics business over there. So clearly, it's not just because of cost push. It's also repositioning of the businesses in particular in the urethanes, acrylics and epoxy chain.
David Begleiter: And lastly, just on the arbitration, has that been delayed for a midyear resolution?
Andrew Liveris: Well, I'm the last to tell you how to predict court systems. I'm sure you have your own views. We say late in the year because we just basically are allowing the good tribunal and the good judges over there to take the time they need to take. And we are just saying later this year, because what we now know after the arbitration evidence was submitted, because we didn't know that until obviously this last month, that clearly, the time frame is the time frame that they set based on when they do their readings, their hearings and then the ultimate final award. So we are saying fourth quarter. But it's very clear, I'll say it, I've said it many times. I'll say it again. It's very clear that we were wronged, and that the contracts are very clear.
Operator: And we will now take our next question from Frank Mitsch with BB&T Capital Markets.
Frank Mitsch: I'm trying to understand some math here. So your operating rates were 83%, you had 3% downtime, so we should think about that as 86% versus last year 83%. Volumes were up 8%. So did you guys add something like 5% to your capacity year-over-year?
Andrew Liveris: Well, okay, so the way this all works is that you've got new capacity coming on. That's the first point, Thailand. I mentioned in my remarks that the cracker Polyethylene in particular is now the full year effect in the quarter. So that's quarter-on-quarter, year-on-year comparisons a big add. We've also got the Specialty Elastomers that kicked in during the quarter. We've also got sales to Styron. We've also got capacity release from the cost synergies. So when we put the 2 companies together, we've improved the productivity of the assets from Rohm and Haas. That's particularly notable at the biggest asset, Deer Park. You may recall last year we had an issue. We shut it down. That Deer Park is running very, very well and at higher rates. And so if that all adds up to your math, Frank, I'll accept your math. But it's basically yes, we have more to sell.
William Weideman: Also, Frank, let me just add a comment there. So as I mentioned, excluding turnaround, we're at 86% but you need to do the same thing versus the same period a year ago. So same period a year ago, our reported operating rate was 81% and adjusted for turnarounds same quarter a year ago, it would have been 84% so where you're doing apples-to-apples you need to compare the 86% to 84%.
Frank Mitsch: I apologize. I thought it read someplace that it was flat year-over-year. I might be mistaken there. And just on whole capacity situation, obviously Dow had been running CapEx below D&A. With these most recent announcements that you put forth, how should we think about your capital spending versus D&A in the near and in the long term?
William Weideman: Yes, I think, Frank, to answer that question I think we kind of mentioned in the announcement adding the flexibility we're talking about starting up St. Charles operations, although we haven't given specific numbers, those our incremental capital projects for us so you could expect our capital spending to go up. But it -- we believe we'll be able to balance that within our existing capital plan. So for this year, our capital budget is $2.4 billion, and these projects can be handled within that sort of number. As we get towards end of the year, we'll give you number for 2012. But essentially not a significant change.
Frank Mitsch: All right, terrific. And then lastly, you've previously announced the shutdowns of your VCM capacity to make room for others entering into that market. And what are your thoughts on your Chlor-Alkali footprint? Any changes that are going to go on there?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, and Howard's looking at me saying you got a third question in there, Frank. So you're getting a special favor here. Look, we can take it offline but we're not a VCM investor. We're a Chlor-Alkali investor. We're a Chlor-Alkali investor for our downstream strategy therefore is why we would do Chlor-Alkali. We clearly keep to look at partners who can take the chlorine for VCM like we have with Shintech, like we have with Mitsui and that will be continuing our strategy, which speaks to Bob's question around equity light. Right back at the commodity part of it, we will be looking for partners continually either through equity or synthetically.
Operator: And we'll now move on to our next question from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar: Can you talk about your European ethylene business and what's your outlook there given high net of prices but also higher core product prices?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, so obviously, the crackers we have in Europe as you just said, liquids exposed clearly as a consequence to that, the diversification, the [indiscernible] cracker there doesn't speak to ethane but it does speak to condensate and some butane. So that's how we manage, if you like, the footprint. Obviously, feeding ethane, that would be very difficult to do given the European gas situation. So we are getting margins better than expected. Mostly because demand has been solid. Prices have moved up pretty well. You may have seen that in the breakdown of the results. But clearly, naphtha is creating a pinch, and so there is a cost push based on demand. The demand is really driven by what I said earlier, Germany and Eastern Europe, Russia. And in particular for our Dow Central Germany cracker in BUNA. And over the years, what we're going to keep doing there is continue to find ways to bring lower cost feedstocks into play, but it will be mainly of the LPG kind, P.J. If you look at Asia and naphtha, and you look at what's going on with naphtha crackers, they had become clearly the lowest margin, highest cost jurisdiction with Europe being a close second. But Asia at its pinch points right now, really the ethylene naphtha trough is here for those producers, which is why we, of course, have taken the steps we're taking in Saudi and we're taking the steps we're taking here in the United States.
P.J. Juvekar: And just on your steps in the United States the new cracker is for 2017. I mean, that's 6 years from now. That's a long time. I'm wondering if you're putting that announcement out there just to discourage others from investing.
Andrew Liveris: No, I said it earlier. Look, we buy and we buy for value-add ethylene derivatives. We're adding 200,000 tons a year of growth in our downstream value-add ethylene derivatives. We've got ways of doing that between now and 2017 start up of the new cracker. So it's our calculation on the growth curve. The announcement, therefore, 1.5 million tons by 2017 speaks to growth of our ethylene use in differentiated products with a plan focused on the Americas mostly U.S. but also some exports to Latin America. But at this point, whatever anyone else does, they do. Obviously, as I said earlier, we'll talk to anyone about making things more economic for Dow, but right now, no, I wouldn't say it that way.
Operator: And Kevin McCarthy with Bank of America Merrill Lynch has our next question.
Kevin McCarthy: Two-part question on propylene. First off, on the input side, if I look at some of the U.S. Gulf Coast benchmark margins, the propane crack for ethylene has improved really dramatically over the past month. Has it improved enough for you to shift into propane feed and perhaps alleviate some of the propylene imbalance that you've had in recent quarters? That's the first part. And then second part, if I consider a basket of derivatives -- acrylics, oxos [ph],  PoPG -- do you see any opportunities to rework those derivative contracts to lay off some of the propylene monomers?
Andrew Liveris: Right. So firstly, on your first question, yes. In fact, we're doing that as we speak. It's very much what you just said. And today's prices moving from ethane and propane feedstock makes a lot of sense. One of the most significant parts of the announcement for our downstream businesses speaks a little bit to your second question, which is back integration all the way back to propane based on shale gas liquids is as big an announcement as the ethylene announcement for us. When we take our propylene back integration of propane and 90% of our propylene is going to come from our own production, that's a big statement about the future of our ability to make more money here in the United States for all those derivatives you just mentioned. Obviously, the United States is solid. The GDP numbers today showed some weakness. It's weakness of the consumer kind, of the defense spending kind and also temporary issues around things like the lack of spend on the housing construction side because of weather. We see the U.S. recovery as solid to strong, and the demand for our propylene derivative is solid to strong. So our price power that Bill talked about earlier on propylene derivatives has remained, and we believe because of that, we cannot necessarily go and rework any particular contracts on the downstream kind. And on the upstream kind, frankly, it's our propane cracking that gives us the ability to leverage low-cost inputs.
Kevin McCarthy: Understood. And a quick follow-up if I may. You're addressing the longer term I think through PDH and the new cracker. Would it not make sense to also address the propylene imbalance by subtraction of propylene intensive businesses such as polypropylene resin?
Andrew Liveris: Yes. Look, in the script, we talked about the continual move away from commodities. That's on strategy. Dow has a strategy that's very clear. We're going to expand our margins in the downstream and grow with the downstream by having value add technologies in Advanced Materials, downstream performance businesses and all those products that have a technology commercialization of innovation component like in our Coatings business. Our continued ability to achieve those new margins will come from our technology and our ability to market value add and differentiate, for example, in that business our paint customers and give them new technologies. In addition, to be competitive on the input, we're going to need obviously over time frames to really make our inputs cost competitive here in United States in particular. And as a consequence of that, we will continually find ways to shed low margin, non-value-add businesses that don't speak to a high margin, value add in the downstream. And I don't want to make any firm announcement here other than commodity plastics that have anything to do with propylene or ethylene in the long term will not be part of Dow's future.
Operator: We'll now move on to our next question from Hassan Ahmed with Alembic Global.
Hassan Ahmed: Andrew, question around the equity affiliates. As I look at earnings for companies like [indiscernible] and the like in Q1, sequentially they were up a good 30% or so. So my question is the relatively sort of flattish equity affiliate income that we've seen at Dow, was that outage related? And if it was, had that outage not happened, what would those earnings looked like in the quarter?
William Weideman: Hassan, no they weren't impacted by outages. They really -- I think from a comparison, I don't know what companies you're comparing to, but our equity earnings bounce back very, very quickly as you know, coming in. So we've actually consistently delivered for the last 3 or 4 quarters right up around that $300 million range. And we view that similar to the range going forward, so. But no, really wasn't impacted by any significant turnaround.
Andrew Liveris: I think there is a little bit of softness in Ethylene Glycol. I think that's fair to say. But no, we don't see any signal there that you're reading, Hassan.
Hassan Ahmed: Okay, fair enough. And on that slightly sort of different topic. One of the things that seems to [indiscernible] off over the last month, 1.5 months sort of paranoia or fear or however you'd like to categorize it around Chinese demand, and a lot of people sort of raising question marks around relatively high levels of inventory in China as they became sort of a variety of petrochemicals. What are you guys seeing out in China as it pertains to inventory levels?
Andrew Liveris: No, we're not seeing what you just indicated. Look, there's some decline in credit growth due to tightening because of inflation. But the Chinese run a fairly directed, as you know, it's a directed economy, so it's really to avoid the speculative side of property. Household savings are still very high. The Twelfth Five-year Plan, I was just in China listening to the Premier talk about it, is to stimulate the domestic sector. So any aberrations of the inventory kind are very short term, and we're seeing that in our results. I mean, China demand has stayed quite strong. I use the word robust, remain quite robust in our numbers and what we see going forward. They're spending on infrastructure, on energy, environment, new materials for aerospace and automotive. It's very directed. In fact, if you take the number, it will astonish you. The next 5 years, they want to spend $1.7 trillion in these sectors. I don't think we have a lot to worry about there in the short-term aberration details that you mentioned.
Operator: And we'll hear our next question from Don Carson with Susquehanna.
Donald Carson: Question on Ag. You mentioned that your corn seed volumes were up nicely in the U.S. Are you just growing with the market which is going to be up about 4 million acres this year or you're actually seeing a share increase? And just to continue on that, I know you got this longer-term goal to 10% corn seed share. Given the strength of Monsanto, Pioneer and now a revitalized Syngenta, is 10% still a realistic goal for Dow's corn seed business in the U.S.?
Andrew Liveris: Well, the answer to that is yes, it's still a realistic goal. It's too early in this planning season to talk to what the shares are right now. But we're on track to have 70% of our corn portfolio including SmartStax in these next 2 to 3 years, which is 10% of corn hybrids in 2010, 25% in 2011 and 70% in 2012. That's pretty strong penetration, Don, and I would say to you that our goal of 10% overall organically with a little bit occasional bolt-on M&A, we expect that to stay very much the goal. We think it's been quite successful and we, of course, we've got twofold DHT just around the corner. So as far as I'm concerned, our Ag business is on track, and they've proven themselves with their SmartStax launch and now in 2012, 2013 around the new DST launch.
Doug May: John, I'd like to go ahead and hold up the questions and bring the session to an end. I'd like to thank everyone for your questions and for joining us this morning. We appreciate your interest in The Dow Chemical Company. For your reference, a copy of our prepared comments will be posted on Dow's website later today. We look forward to speaking with you again soon. Thank you.
Andrew Liveris: Thanks, everyone.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for attending.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-03 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Dow Chemical Company's Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Howard Ungerleider, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, Lisa. Good morning, and good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, we're making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of the Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's express written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call today with me are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and David Johnson, Director of Investor Relations. Around 6:30 this morning, February 3, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and was posted on the Internet on dow.com. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments on this conference call. The slides are posted on our website on the Presentations page of the Investor Relations section or through the link to our webcast. As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve both risks and uncertainties, and we cannot guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you'd like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments today may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our website. Unless otherwise specified, all comparisons presented today will be on a year-over-year basis. Sales comparisons will exclude prior-period divestitures, and earnings comparisons will exclude certain items in 2009 discontinued operations. Our earnings release, as well as recent SEC filings are available on the Internet at dow.com. The agenda for today's call is on Slide 3. I'd now like to turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Howard. Good morning, everyone, and thank you very much for joining us. Our results in the fourth quarter were really the capstone for a very successful year for Dow, with significant top and bottom line growth. On Slide 4, you'll see the results. Operating earnings were up nearly 3x. EBITDA grew 30%. We delivered a seventh consecutive quarter of year-on-year EBITDA margin expansion. We achieved double-digit sales increases across the globe, with growth in every segment and geography, including record sales in emerging markets. Our operating segments demonstrated their earnings strength, most notably, Health and Agricultural Sciences delivered record fourth quarter sales. Our Electronic and Specialty Materials segment posted its sixth consecutive quarter of greater than 30% EBITDA margin. Our transform plastics portfolio grew margin more than 500 basis points versus the same period last year. And our overall pricing discipline more than offset a nearly $700 million increase in purchase feedstock and energy costs. Our growth synergies run rate surpassed $1.1 billion. We lowered our net debt significantly. And finally, we generated $1.8 billion in cash from operations. Those are the headlines for the quarter. The reflected company with a powerful and diverse portfolio, an expanding geographic presence and increasing investment in growth. Together, they reveal a company that is transformed and with a rising earnings profile. So what's driving this success, this forward momentum? The recovery in the global economy certainly helps. But as we all know, that alone is not sufficient. More fundamentally, our results are a reflection of our decision to change the direction of this company to reposition ourselves to address the megatrends that are redefining our world. The strategic actions we've taken over recent years to strengthen our company ultimately delivering higher and more sustainable earnings. This includes significant efforts to reduce our cost structure and shift our portfolio, notably through the acquisition of Rohm and Haas and with the growing investment in research and development. And perhaps most importantly, our human element, our Dow people who deliver this transformation everyday. On Slide 5, you can see our 2010 achievements. 2010 was another successful step forward on our earnings growth trajectory. Over the past year, we achieved and in many cases exceeded our goals. Some of our highlights include sales, which grew sequentially each quarter throughout the year; volume growth of 12%, which was led by our combined Performance segments; sales in fast-growing emerging regions reached $16 billion in 2010, a record for our company; and sales in Asia-Pacific were also a record, topping $9 billion. EBITDA exceeded $7.5 billion for the year, up 36% from 2009. We delivered cash from operating activities of over $4 billion, nearly double that of 2009. We exceeded our goal for divesting non-strategic assets, and we completed our goal of delivering more than $2 billion in synergy and restructuring savings related to the Rohm and Haas acquisition, a full quarter ahead of schedule. All of this enabled us to exit the year with tremendous financial flexibility. In a few moments, I'll discuss our strategy in action, our outlook and priorities for 2011. But first, let me turn the call over to Bill, who will provide more detail on the quarter.
William Weideman: Thank you, Andrew. Before I begin, I'd like to remind you that this information is on a year-over-year basis and excludes divestitures in certain items unless otherwise noted. As Andrew mentioned, our earnings were $0.47 per share, excluding certain items, which were $0.10. These items consisted of asset impairments and related cost of $0.06, Rohm and Haas integration costs of $0.03 and asbestos-related credit of $0.03, a charge of $0.03 related to an obligation associated with our previous divestiture and a $0.01 adjustment on the Styron divestiture. Now let me turn to volume and price trends. As you can see on Slide 7, we experienced demand growth in all our geographies with particular strength in North America and Europe, Middle East and Africa. Asia-Pacific volume grew 9% with strength in Electronic Materials, Building and Construction and Dow AgroSciences, all of which were up 20% or more. Moving to price. We achieved a 10% increase year-over-year, with strong gains across all geographies in a most operating segments. Now turning to our segment overview on Slide 9. Electronic and Specialty Materials continued its strong performance with sales up 13%. Demand at Electronic Materials increased 19%, driven by strong demand from flat-panel displays and consumer electronics. Specialty Materials also saw a double-digit demand increases in water, cellulosics and microbial solutions. Coatings and Infrastructure sales were up 6%, driven by price gains across all geographies. Coating materials achieved sales gains in architectural and industrial coatings. However, volume was down as the business focused on expanding margin in our epoxy envelope. Now moving to Health and Ag Sciences. This segment experienced growth across all businesses highlighted by Seeds, Traits and Oils, which was up 34%. The significant increase in volume was driven by continued share gains in cotton, with the success of Widestrike insect protection and a 24% increase in new Ag Chem product sales in the quarter. In Performance Systems, we achieved double-digit sales growth in more than a 400 basis point expansion in EBITDA margin. Volume increased in all geographic areas. In Performance Products, sales increased 23% with balanced gains in volume and price. EBITDA margins also improved, driven primarily by a significant expansion in epoxy margins. Turning to Plastics on Slide 11. Polyethylene supply-demand fundamentals remain strong and customer inventory levels low, enabling the business to deliver significant EBITDA gains. In Chemicals Energy, sales were up 13%, and EBITDA was up due to our strong focus on margin management. Equity earnings reached an all-time record of $313 million in the quarter. Our feedstock advantage JVs in the Middle East performed very well. And we are positioned for further growth with our expanded manufacturing presence in Thailand. I'd like to close with a few additional financial comments. Cash flow from operations was $1.6 billion, up more than $430 million over the same period a year ago. Our net debt to total capital declined significantly, and our net debt to EBITDA multiple improved to 2.2 exiting the year. I'd like to close with a few comments on the first quarter of 2011. Based on current conditions, our hydrocarbon energy costs will increase sequentially by approximately $500 million. We expect Plastics margins will remain strong as ethylene continues to be the favored feedstock, which will keep our U.S. assets advantaged. Volume will be down slightly, however, due to planned turnarounds in the quarter. Equity earnings will remain strong supported by high crude oil and naphtha prices. Our Performance businesses will likely see a little margin compression due to significant increase in propylene costs and the normal lag in prices. However, we expect this compression will only be temporary and that we will fully recover margins in the first half of next year. Health and Ag Sciences will see their normal seasonal increase in the quarter. And finally, as we noted on our last earnings call, that we have planned to make about a $700 million contribution, voluntary contribution through the first quarter. Due to our strong cash flow we made a voluntary pension contribution of approximately $400 million in the fourth quarter. Due to improved asset returns, we are now anticipate contributing only about $200 million in the first quarter. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Bill. As you can see, we are clearly executing and delivering on our strategy. Over the last several years, we have made significant steps to put all of the key elements of our transformation in place. Make no mistake. We have work yet to do, and our focus on execution must and will remain sharp. However, today, Dow is a very different company than it was even just a few years ago. Dow has changed. Dow has transformed, and this is because of the actions we have taken to realize our vision, and this is clear across the board. In the very focused and deliberate shift of our business portfolio to higher growth and higher margin sectors of emerging geographies, in our industry-leading investment and innovation and the products we are commercializing today and over the near term and in our financial results in 2010. So let's move to 2011, a year in which we will stay the course and deliver on three objectives: maintaining our transformational momentum, continuing our sharp focus on execution and further enhancing the financial flexibility of the company. Today, our resolve to continue along the strategic path we began several years ago has never been stronger. We will not lose the momentum of this transformation. So on Slide 15, to that end, we remain committed to our strategic agenda. And in 2011, we will further expand our presence in emerging geographies. For example, we recently started up our joint venture Solution Polyethylene train in Thailand, which provides in-region capabilities to capture fast-growing demand in Asia. This start up enabled us to increase Polyethylene volume in the region by 30% on a sequential basis. And we are driving our renewable plastics project in Brazil. We will also make additional progress in transforming our Plastics franchise. And on a related note, we still expect a favorable outcome this year from the binding arbitration with PIC of Kuwait. We will continue our progress in rightsizing our chemicals footprint to align with growth in our downstream performance businesses, enhance our cost position and improve the profitability of our Chlor-Alkali envelope. We already took a significant steps on this front in 2010 as we finalized the Chlor-Alkali joint venture with Mitsui, and this year we will move forward with shutting down two VCM units, one in Plaquemine and one in Freeport. Our transformational momentum will also continue as we drive progress with two additional megaprojects that will further expand our presence and growth in emerging regions. Our proposed project with Saudi Aramco and Jubail is in the final stages of the FEED study, and we expect to make an investment decision in the mid-2011 time frame. And in China, we have taken important steps forward in our plans to build and operate a world scale integrated manufacturing complex together with The Shenhua Group. These megaprojects are in our equity-light model and will provide the capacity for the building blocks to support the growth of our performance in market-driven businesses, and they are all tied directly to the growth of our customers in emerging markets. On Slide 16, you'll see that equally important is our continued drive to preferentially invest in our Performance businesses. We are enhancing our position in regions where rapid population growth and a growing middle class are driving significant demand for our products. For example, our new world scale Specialty Elastomers and HPPO plant in Thailand are both slated for start up this year. In addition, we've announced plans to build a Polyglycols facility at that integrated site. Our Electronic Materials business is investing in a new research center in Korea, as well as new manufacturing facilities in China, Korea, Japan and Taiwan to meet surging global demand for materials used in flat-panel displays, photovoltaics and consumer electronics. We've broken ground on a new manufacturing plant in Vietnam to produce acrylic polymers used in the paint and coatings industries with a planned start up in late 2011. We are also making investments in Dubai and South China to enhance our capabilities and strategic footprint for acrylic polymers production and provide capacity for low-emission products. Our Water business is expanding capacity for Ultrafiltration in China. And in Dow AgroSciences, we expect to gain final regulatory approval for POWERCORE in Brazil, an insect control product from the SmartStax family of traits. This new technology will enable us to grow our corn seed share in Latin America. We are moving forward on our new R&D laboratory in Saudi Arabia, and we have recently announced plans to build photovoltaic encapsulant film capabilities in both Asia-Pacific and in Germany. So on Slide 17, our global leadership team recently met to focus on alignment and accountability. The key outcomes were our collective commitment to both growth and execution. Every individual on this team is aligned around the following priorities: continuing to drive strong price margin management, further leveraging our reduced cost structure to identify and drive additional productivity gains, gains that are sustainable into the future. Turning to CapEx. We will modestly increase our investment this year preferentially invest in the gains in our Performance businesses. This will ensure we are maintaining the reliability we require and expect from our assets, as well as build on the momentum of our innovation pipeline, which will drive growth. The bottom line is this. Our leadership team is fully aligned and accountable for delivering against the detailed plans we have developed, the milestones that support our near-term earnings targets, the same milestones we shared during our November 2010 Investor Day. On Slide 18, you can see that we have a robust agenda for 2011, and we will execute against it. Our Advance Materials division lies at the epicenter of Dow's transformation. This team is thriving as the world's largest Specialty Materials provider and is well on its way to delivering 25% EBITDA margins by 2012. In Dow AgroSciences, our team is singularly focused on growth by launching new products and building our share of marketing key row crops. In 2010, Dow AgroSciences exceeded its original goal of $400 million in new agricultural chemical sales. And looking ahead, 2011 plans call for delivering on key programs such as SmartStax and DHT to accelerate their portfolio shift to a more balanced position in Seeds and Traits. On Slide 19, you can see that our Performance division expanded margins above the company average in the second half of 2010. These businesses are demonstrating that Dow's Performance businesses are performing, and we will drive further margin expansion here through capacity additions and new product introductions. Our Chemicals and Energy business is squarely focused on fueling downstream growth. This team delivered higher earnings this year and forged new partnerships to bolster our integration strength. Moving forward, they will further enhance EBITDA margins through continued improvements in key end-use markets and improve cost positions due to the rightsizing of our footprint. And of course, our industry-leading Plastics franchise will continue to deliver. This business has also transformed and now has a tighter market and more specialties focus with superior financial returns. Looking ahead, we plan to further enhance that business' integration strength by expanding our ethane sourcing and cracking capabilities here in the United States. Leaders of each of these businesses are singularly focused on execution, and you can expect to hear more directly from them as we progress in 2011. On Slide 20, you can see that as we turn to our growth and innovation pipeline, which aligns with all four of the megatrends we've identified: energy, transportation and infrastructure, health and nutrition and consumerism. The addressable market opportunity represented by these trends is $350 billion, and our innovation pipeline is squarely focused on these opportunities. More than 500 project strong, our pipeline has the potential value of $30 billion and a risk-adjusted NPV of $12 billion. In 2011, you will clearly see firsthand, our ability to monetize the power of our investments as we commercialize game-changing technologies that address these megatrends, including our revolutionary DOW POWERHOUSE Solar Shingles, which will be commercially launched, coating technology that improves indoor air quality and hiding capabilities, allowing formulators to reduce titanium dioxide, which will be available globally. Purification solutions that deliver clean drinking water will be introduced. Agricultural innovations that increase farming yield and reduce unhealthy fats from our diets are being commercialized. Heat transfer fluids that enable solar power are commercially available today, and new materials that enable leading-edge electronic devices are at various stages of commercialization, and this is just to name a few. On Slide 21, one illustration of how we are delivering the pipeline to the bottom line is through our growth synergies. Our advances on this front reflect how quickly Dow people have materialized the gains from the Rohm and Haas acquisition and integrated these growth synergies into the company. You can see this cultural change actually in some of our recent successes. In electronics, our technology and commercial expertise enabled the development of next-generation wafer packaging technology. We launched a high margin solution for paint preservation in the Middle East and India. As we realized the cross-selling opportunity with a multinational consumer products company, which yielded new sales for a fabric care application. These synergies are real and are delivering results and are yet one more proof point in the value we are creating as a result of the Rohm and Haas integration. We have strong programs in place to leverage the strengths of our broad portfolio, and our momentum in executing against our overall growth synergy goals will continue firmly this year. On Slide 22, through the combination of these elements that I've just reviewed, sustaining the momentum of our transformation, monetizing our innovation pipeline and a clear and crisp focus on execution, we will together deliver even greater bottom line impact. The earnings power of our portfolio is tremendous. As you've already seen in our ability to drive EBITDA from $5.5 billion in 2009 to $7.5 billion in 2010. We are firmly on pace to reach $10 billion of EBITDA in the near term. And one point that is often overlooked in our results is the tremendous value embedded in our joint ventures. Consider this, our proportional share of revenue from principal joint ventures was in excess of $7 billion this past year, and these JVs earned more that $600 million of EBITDA in excess of our equity earnings. And while this additional value is not directly reflected in our top line or our bottom line, it demonstrates the inherent value and success of the partnerships we have in place and speaks to the benefits of the ones we are building in the future. In addition, we continue to unlock value from our portfolio in other ways. For example, just this quarter, we expect more than $100 million in cash flow related to our divestment and partial equity stake in Styron. This is just one more illustration of the benefits we are gaining as we execute against our strategic agenda and enhance our financial flexibility. As a result of all the work we are doing, I am pleased to say that we are well ahead of our schedule in our plan to deliver 40% net debt to total cap, and we intend to stay ahead of this schedule. This financial flexibility will only strengthen our ability to remunerate shareholders while investing for growth. Now let me turn to Slide 23, outlook and priorities. Turning now to the outlook specifically for 2011. Our view continues to be that global economic recovery will gain further momentum this year. We are optimistic about continued growth in North America and Europe, particularly with signs of improvement in industrial markets and continued strength in growth areas such as electronics and packaging. And demand dynamics in a high-growth emerging geographies such as China, India, Eastern Europe and Brazil remain robust across a broad range of leading end markets such as infrastructure, transportation, agriculture, electronics, appliances and other durable goods and packaging. From Dow's perspective, our world balanced portfolio of businesses, our presence in faster growing emerging geographies and our leadership in developed markets positions us very well for the recovering economic climate. We expect to deliver further earnings growth as volume and margins increase in our combined Performance segments. In our Basics businesses, we'll continue to benefit from advantaged feedstocks in an improving demand environment. Overall, we have delivered a transformed portfolio that is increasingly targeted to growing geographies, sectors and markets while remaining well balanced to mitigate against uncertainty. So that brings me to our priorities for the coming year and into 2012 on Slide 24. We remain resolute, and we'll not stray from the strategy that has brought us this far. Our entire leadership team is squarely focused on execution. We are committed to shifting our portfolio even further to Specialty Chemicals, AgroSciences and Advanced Materials, and we will continue investing in and commercializing our innovation pipeline. We will continue to transform our Plastics portfolio, as well as rightsize our chemicals and commodity footprint to align with the growth in our Performance businesses, while also improving our cost position. We will maintain Dow's hallmark reputation for safe and reliable operations. And finally, we will continue strengthening our balance sheet, building even greater financial flexibility moving forward. In summary, we are on the right trajectory. Over the last year, I visited with many of our customers and employees in 30 different locations around the world, and I'm extremely confident that Dow's best times and strong earnings performance lie just ahead of us. We will move even farther down the path toward realizing the full growth potential of our transformed enterprise in 2011, and we will do so with diligence, with focus and with a mindset of flawless execution. We are more focused than ever to deliver on our commitments. Thank you, and I'd like to now turn the call back over to Howard.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, Andrew. Now we'll move on to your questions. First, however, I'd like to remind everyone that my comments on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both our prepared remarks and to the following Q&A. Lisa, would you please explain the Q&A procedure?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from John McNulty with Crdit Suisse.
John McNulty: When I look at the cash flows that you generated, they were clearly significant. You seem like you're in a much better financial position at this point. Can you give us a little bit more color as to what that financial flexibility means for you, given where you are right now? And also maybe your thought on the potential for debt refinancing going forward, given the decent rate environment?
William Weideman: John, this is Bill Weideman. You're exactly right. We did have a very strong cash flow generation in the quarter. As you know, we generated $1.8 billion from cash from operations in the quarter. And that was driven from strong results. You'll also notice once you have a chance to review the financial statements, we actually had a positive $700 million in cash flow due to the specific actions we took in the quarter. So, John, you're right, we do. And also when you get a chance to look at, you'll see we ended the year with $7 billion of cash on the balance sheet. Part of that was due to the fact that we issued, as you know, $2.5 billion of bonds in the fourth quarter, and that was to take advantage of the low interest rates. And as we stated then, it was to pre-fund debt that's maturing in the first half of this year. And then we also had additional cash that are really strong cash results in the fourth quarter. So as far as our priorities, John, as we've said before, our priorities for cash remain the repayment of debt, shareholder remuneration and also funding our innovation and growth. And you will see us take significant action this year on the debt paydown. And just for planning purposes, if you want to think, as I mentioned, we ended the year with about $7 billion of cash and our year-end target is to end the year somewhere between $2 billion and $2.5 billion of cash, so you can see we have a lot of flexibility in 2011.
John McNulty: Andrew, in your comments, you indicated in 2011, one of the goals is to continue shifting the platform further to a specialty chemical platform. Can you maybe flesh that out a little bit and should we be thinking about further asset divestures in 2011?
Andrew Liveris: Certainly, the portfolio management we've done to date as we build the portfolio through specialties, plastics is very heavily transformed already with our Styron divestment. That's incredibly important statement with respect to the performance. Their performance is not just the oil to gas ratio. It's also the shift to higher market value and uses as we shed a low EBITDA return business like Styron. We will do more of that. We have some other businesses that are in the Plastics portfolio that we will shed and/or JV depending on the opportunity with strategics or financial buyers, depending on who comes to the table. So we'll be active there. In addition, the bolt-on M&A, the financial flexibility that Bill talked about, there will be some of that as we go through. We're very keen on expanding in seeds and electronics, in particular, and our water platform to speak to the company's future positioning. But these are high-margin bolt-ons, ones where we can maybe buy small regionally and scale up globally so we can get synergies immediately. And we can see the opportunity to keep, as Bill said, putting some of our extra cash into innovation and growth. We've got to launch our POWERHOUSE Solar Shingles. We've got a titanium dioxide replacement out there that is going to be a big winner here in the next six to 12 months as titanium dioxide continues to be short. And I can go on and on, but you can continue to see some working of the portfolio, but nothing as dramatic as last couple of years. We are now in execution mode to use that financial flexibility the way Bill talked about.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Cash with UBS.
Andrew Cash: Given the surge in drilling activity over in the Permian Basin, which is close proximity to your plants, [indiscernible] plants. It looks like you guys will realize your opportunity to do 20%, 30% more in NGL consumption. But how are you guys going to consume that? I mean, are you going actually build one new world scale cracker, you're going to convert a naphtha cracker, how are you going to consume it?
Andrew Liveris: Andy, I think the shale gas dynamics in the United States we've talked about with many of you over the last 12 months and clearly, Dow's announcement to go further into ethane cracking capacity. It means that we will do some of the things you mentioned such as substitute heavy, so we have still the ability to do that with naphtha here in the U.S. in particular with some of our crackers. We already are pretty good. We can go up to 80% LPG cracking. We can substitute even some of the propane with ethane as we extract more and more ethane out of the gas that you're talking about that there's not all that far from us actually. So with such a high ethane off take 80,000 barrels a day, we're about a third of the U.S. market. We are talking to all of the people we should be talking to and we'll have a lot more to say about that in the next six to 12 months. If we had to do some de-bottlenecking put some incremental capital into some of our existing plants, we will do that to release efficiency and release more capacity, and I think that's a good way to think about it that we can do it. And we can couple it with our PDH deal, which is indicative of our ability to take on purpose propane, so you can expect us to be quite active on both ethane and propane utilization this year.
Andrew Cash: It just kind of lead to my next question the PetroLogistics that you guys have 530,000 tons per year propane dehydrogenator. There's been I think some operational issues and how's that plant running and do you think that will help relive some of the propylene pressure by the second quarter?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, so it's had its normal start-up challenges. It's actually, as you know, the world's largest PDH facility. There were some maintenance in January and so once that's over and done with, January is over and done with, it will be running at full operating rates. And we feel very good about what they've done. They were at the 70% operating rate straight off the start up and so that was a pretty good deal, and so they've gone down for some maintenance and they'll be back up in normal time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Mann with Morgan Stanley Smith Barney.
Paul Mann: Just looking at raw material inflation in you're Performance businesses, a third of Q1 has probably been booked already and you probably got good visibility over another third of the quarter. So how are you handling the raw material inflation. Is pricing in the Performance division keeping up with inflation?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, so as you saw in the fourth quarter, we actually did keep up. And I think that's not only in our Plastics business, but in our Performance businesses. And we're pretty happy with the way they've gone out there on pretty much, we're pretty sold-out in almost all of our Performance businesses or running at high rates. So there is price power, as much as through cost push, but also through operating rates being high. So what we've done is, of course, got across-the-board price increases in most of the Performance businesses that have price sensitivity, and especially those in the chains like MDI, like acrylic acid and esters and epichlorohydrin epoxy. We also have that going in, of course, the Plastics businesses. But sequentially, it's about a $500 million rise, so that's going to be topping Q1 time frame. But we don't look at it that way. We look at it as what's the momentum, and the momentum is good. And we expect the momentum with some typical lag will be good for margin recovery in the first half in particular, and we will see continual tight operating conditions, which we believe we'll see margin expansion as a whole for the Performance businesses for 2011.
Paul Mann: Just in 2010, agrochemical pricing was fairly weak for the whole agrochemical industry. How was it looking in 2011? Do you expect pricing to be up or flat to potentially down a little bit?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, flat to a little up. I think there's definitely now more affordability in the farmer pocket as their corn prices and others have gone up. And clearly, it's not going to be back to where it was. But we believe 2010 was likely the bottom for Ag Chem prices. So they'll be up about 2% versus prior quarter and 2011 I think will show stability and moderate recovery, not just on volume but on some price power.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Koort: Andrew, you mentioned shutting down some VCM plants and I guess one of your big VCM customers maybe starting up their own capacity. So can you help me with the balance where does that chlorine go? And then secondly, could you give us the milestones on getting a K-Dow resolution?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, so certainly the balancing between Shintech's start up and now shutdowns is very much geared to our strategy and theirs. Our strategy is to take more of our precious chlorine and feed our Performance businesses. So we use that number before where 70% of our chlorine goes into our downstream businesses. That number will pop up to 80% or more. And that means that you'll see the result and the economic cost power if you like in our Performance businesses, Polyurethanes and Cellulosics and all the ones you're familiar with like Ag Chem. That should help mitigate the increase capacity from Shintech who still remains our very large customer, by the way. So we're not growing any share of market there. The merchant side is going to be dropping down from our perspective but going up from their perspective. On K-Dow or whatever you want to call our Plastics equity-light deal, as I said on my statements, Plastics is doing great. It's been because we did lots of clean up there. We shut down assets. We did Styron. We're committed to a strategic shift to specialty plastics. We're putting that in place. We are in no rush to do any deal. We will do a right deal with a right assets at the right price that I've already indicated to a previous question. We'll be at the commodity end of the portfolio, and we mentioned that at our Investor Day as well. But I really don't see a need to go out there and do a K-Dow replacement from here.
Robert Koort: Is there a time frame for a resolution of arbitration though?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, sorry, midyear or thereabouts. And it's on schedule, and we've always said second quarter, probably the back end of the second quarter or the start of the third.
Operator: Our next question comes from Don Carson with Susquehanna.
Donald Carson: Andrew, another question on raw materials and this is more strategic. I know you've talked about getting more propane or doing more propane sourcing. But right now, it appears that PetroLogistics will supply about 25% of your merchant propylene needs. Where do you want that to go because it would appear that not only is propylene going to remain high versus ethylene but more importantly U.S. propylene could be disadvantage versus Asia and Europe. So where do you want to take that number and is it going to be more sort of PDH type deals?
Andrew Liveris: Yes. So I think you should take from -- actually I answered the previous question on NGL extraction. It's not residual to ethane. You should consider us that what we're doing is to do more PDH-type deals to find more ways to get propane near to the cost of natural gas than the market minus formula that exists today with refinery propylene. And because of our merchant by being one of the largest in the industry, if not the largest, certainly the largest in the U.S. We are an attractive customer with a baseload NGL plants to get on purpose propane as we are with on purpose ethane. So we will intend to keep lifting that up, that percentage that you talked about so it's more and more, if you like, back integrated. And we believe the timing of that is pretty good. The next couple of years will be perfect timing to lock in some propane deals. So you can expect that to be a strategy that we'll execute against.
Donald Carson: And just one follow up on feedstock flexibility. You talked a lot about your feedstock flexibility in the U.S. but rising naphtha costs in Europe didn't seem to have any effect on your fourth quarter Basics margins. What did you do there? Was it hedging, was it just feedstock flexibility there? Perhaps explain what you're doing in Europe.
Andrew Liveris: Yes. So I think you would know, we have our crackers in Europe, which are liquid crackers but they also have flexibility. They can take LPGs and they can take condensate, and we have great deals. We've had them for over two or three decades to physically hedge with LPG and condensate to bring them in, to keep inventory. We have contracts with people like the Algerians and others. And so we do run those crackers with feedstock flexibility that gives us a slight cost advantage against pure naphtha guys in Europe.
William Weideman: Just to add to that, don't forget on our equity companies also that, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, we have fixed contracts there on the raw materials. So again, as naphtha and oil goes higher, that's a good thing for our JVs in Kuwait.
Operator: Our next question comes from Hassan Ahmed with Alembic Global.
Hassan Ahmed: Quick question around the Basics side of the business. There seems to be increasing chatter coming from the Middle East around feedstock cost escalation there, be it in Saudi because of possibly the dirth of natural gas there or potential, sort of, privatization of NPC in Iran. Now specifically to your own joint venture in Saudi Arabia, how should we be thinking about the feedstock side of things? I know you discussed earlier that you're at the feedstock sort of phase off of thinking about that facility and more generally speaking, how should we be thinking about the broader cost cuts in light of potential Middle Eastern feedstock cost escalation?
Andrew Liveris: So the top line point on the Middle East and in general the new capacity across the board, not just Dow's, is actually, Hassan, and I've seen others right about this including yourself. There's now a combination of three things going on in the Middle East, which have been additive to supply disruptions. They're structural operational and mechanical with some of the new capacity that's been coming on. So a lot of the capacity came on last year. 2010 was the big year for capacity. A lot of it didn't actually make its way to market and one of the new reasons is the one that you asked about, which is the real limitation on the structural side on NGL extraction and ethane availability. And why is that? Because most of the gas in contained ethane embedded in the gas is now going to power. And in fact, as the Middle East grows and gets wealthier and builds more infrastructure and builds other facilities, builds aluminum smelters, builds a lot of things, they need power as much as any petrochemicals were value added. So I think you're going to see a natural cap occurring in the Middle East even inside Iran with the move by NPC as you indicated. So I believe that what's going to happen is the cost curve is going to change with time and the U.S. producers will continue to be advantage as the second lowest cost on the planet after the Middle East. And if the shale gas thing keeps working the way it is, that will start to overcome the freight point as well, and so the U.S. can continue to export to Asia. And I think that dynamic is a new dynamic, it will unfold, speaking to our project in Saudi yes, it is the last tranche available of low cost NGLs, and that's why we're doing the project with our partner, Saudi Aramco. We certainly expect that to have a feedstock advantage in the low end of the cost curve. It will crack some liquids as well. So that is a big part of the feedstock flexibility point, so we can make more value-add products, more Performance Products, more Advanced Materials, which is why it's so key to our strategy. And we will continue to work on making sure that, that economics on the low end of the cash curve gets delivered against our ultimate decision here in the middle of the year.
Hassan Ahmed: I was looking at one of the slides, which showed your Dow-wide operating rates and they seem to have come down from Q3 levels, let's call it, 86% to 81%, which essentially broadly and more in line with Q2 sort of operating rates. Now was this predominantly sort of seasonal factors or was there anything beyond it?
William Weideman: This is Bill Weideman. Yes, that -- seasonally our fourth quarter comes down a little bit. Actually 81% versus a year ago is up 5 percentage points. So actually 81% is very strong for us, and to be honest with you, the comment I made previously on managing working capital also. So we slowed our plans down a little bit from a working capital standpoint also. So overall, I would say from an operating rate standpoint and as Andrew mentioned before, we're still seeing very strong demand, which is supporting high operating rates.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Andrew, the last time propylene spike, you saw an impact in some of your U.S.-based exports to Asia. Any impact this time?
Andrew Liveris: No. Well, of course, you may have seen a little bit of it, in particular, our businesses that are more sold out and if you look closely at our China volumes, they were a bit down in some of our Performance businesses and that's because we chose not to export for the reasons you just talked about, the propylene arbitrage. That particularly applied to epichlorohydrin liquid epoxy resin where we could value maximize here in the United States rather than sell at lower margins in the Pacific. And with low propylene costs out there, they could keep our prices lower. So we believe that's already on the way to being corrected. Chinese New Year slowdown in January, that arbitrage is starting to close already. And it's not giving us any concern. The pressure to raise prices out in Asia is already there, we're actually seeing good price traction. And the bright spot is that despite all that, we still had exports increase, our volumes grew 4% sequentially in the Performance and Plastics divisions anyway.
David Begleiter: Andrew, just on your polyurethane strategy in relation to both Saudi Arabia and China, where might your capacity next and do you need to wait 'till the JVs come on stream to add new MDI capacity?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, so MDI, which is tight, as you know, I mean that clearly is something that we won't build anything new. I mean, they take a long time to build and they're tricky facilities. so Saudi is our next big tranche. So between now and then on MDI, in particular, we're working with others in the industry. We're not losing any ability to grow because of our arrangements that we have out in the industry. But having said that, we know we'll have to put an MDI tranche in the Saudi facility in particular and ultimately, the China facility. Of course, on PO and propylene oxide in general, we're in decent shape there because of our facility in Thailand.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin McCarthy with Bank of America.
Kevin McCarthy: A couple of questions on pension. You mentioned you made a -- or will make a cash contribution of $200 million in the first quarter. Is that expected to be it for 2011? And could you comment on the level of anticipated pension expense and whether that might be a headwind or a tailwind in '11 versus 2010, please?
William Weideman: Sure, this is Bill Weideman. For the full year, our pension contribution -- we'll be filing our 10-K here in February 18. But for the full year and 2010, our pension contributions were approximately $700 million and a rough break down of that is roughly $300 million of that was required contributions and about $400 million of that was voluntary, which we contribute in the fourth quarter. You should assume for planning purposes that in 2011, we'll contribute about the same amount. So you should assume from a pension contribution about the same level as 2010. So $700 million to $800 million range. From a pension expense standpoint, there again you should assume that 2011 will be about the same as 2010, which is about $500 million a year. So 2011 versus 2010 will be very similar, both in terms of pension expansion and pension contributions.
Kevin McCarthy: Andrew, if I may follow-up on the subject of utilization rates. You have volumes up 12% here in certain product lines like epoxy is, for example, running triple net rate or better. As you survey the portfolio, are there any major product lines where you would foresee the need to de-bottleneck or even add brownfield or greenfield capacity incrementally in 2011?
Andrew Liveris: Yes. And I do think you talked about one already. So clearly, anything in the acrylic chain I mean, just so you know, our Deer Park facilities, we're finding new pounds there because of the decision we took last year to shut it down and de-bottleneck and have it as a safe and reliable operations facilities is a good example. Epichlorohydrin is another one. MDI is another one. Our Plastics chain, especially polyethylene here in the United States, given the new found cost advantage, our ability to export from here will be another area including the crackers in that earlier question I've got. We will be increasing our CapEx budget, which is $2.4 billion as we indicated on the script. We, Bill, I, the businesses are working hard on high return quick de-bottlenecking hits on the products that I just mentioned and others that are running pretty tight.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: I have a question on Slide 7, the year-over-year volume trends in that the pro forma volume was up 12%, at least as I understand this slide. But Coatings and Infrastructure is bigger than Health and Ag and one was up 20% and one was minus 1% and then some of your other growth rates are relatively low. So how does all of this roll up and get to 12%?
Andrew Liveris: So your math is going to, obviously, be faster than ours because you just spent time analyzing it. But we'll get back to you with specifics. But I think what you've got to do is look at the impact of Styron in particular on our Hydrocarbon segment. If you take a look at that segment, which is where we now report the kind of feedstocks to Styron because we put in place the carve out and of course, they have arrangements where we supply them ethylene and aromatics and other key building blocks for their businesses. Fundamentally, we now report that volume in the hydrocarbon unit. I think that's probably why you're seeing what you're seeing, but we'll get back to you with specifics. Remember, on Styron, the key part of that deal was to shed low return Plastics businesses, so we've unlocked the value of integration there by now showing it in our hydrocarbon unit, of course, as well as the gain we had on that business.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: And then just to follow up in Performance Systems and Performance Products where you touched a little bit by propylene. Would you expect the volume growth rates in those businesses to be higher in 2011 than they were in 2010 or lower?
Andrew Liveris: Well, I think they'll be higher. I mean, I think the nature of your question, you kind of got the reason why. In fact, I just by coincidence was with one, which on its leadership team last night and they reviewed to me, they would be meeting the last few days was on technology integration, which is a new term for the Performance businesses. What we're doing is we're cross fertilizing the ability to bring a-mean chemistry, epoxy chemistry, urethane chemistry, acrylic chemistry and a whole lot of other chemistry that's embedded in those two big units to the market and things like enhanced oil recovery in new products and things like new automotive products and new systems. And what you're seeing is now we have a technology synergy embedded in the two performance divisions that will give us new commercialization opportunities in the near term our product line extensions, and whether it's launching new products in automotive like BETAFOAM and our Adhesives businesses and we just won a deal with Fiat or one we have in Korea with one of the auto manufacturers there, this is all volume growth that's commercializing innovation above and beyond asset optimization.
Operator: Our next question comes from Frank Mitsch with BB&T Capital Markets.
Frank Mitsch: Just a quick clarification. You're talking about the $500,000 of raw material inflation sequentially into the first quarter, and I thought Bill had suggested that, that you'd be able to offset that with pricing by the end of the first half. And I thought he said next year, which I'm sure I heard that wrong. When do you anticipate getting pricing through in your Performance businesses to offset this $500 million cost push?
William Weideman: Yes, Frank, Bill Weideman. I think what I said was we might have a slight, and I think the key word there is slight, margin contraction on our Performance businesses. But as Andrew mentioned, we have a lot of pricing momentum in both our Basics and also our Performance businesses and so we do believe that we will cover most of that increase in the first quarter. And if there is any lag there that we will certainly cover that in the first half of the year. So I don't know if that helps but again, if there is any margin compression in Performance, we believe it will be slight and temporary.
Andrew Liveris: Just to build on something most of us are seeing a typical January slowdown in some of these businesses because of the early Chinese New Year, so this will be a strange first quarter because it will be backloaded, it will be February, March quarter versus a more typical mid-quarter slump. And so the price power that Bill's talked about is there's a little lag is because volumes are little slow in January. But we have across the board price increases in most of these products because of the earlier question, which is we're running pretty tight on some of these chains.
Frank Mitsch: And switching gears, you guys had a record fourth quarter in the Ag side and here we are a month into the new year. What is your outlook look like on the Ag side and how is your order book and what's your expectations on SmartStax? Can you give some color there?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, I mean, we said on the last call that SmartStax for us is doing great, and we have both above and below ground seen everything we wanted to see. We've seen reduced refuge delivering additional 11 to 16 bushels per acre and we're seeing considerable yield gains and even under additional insect pressure. And when you put our elite genetics combined with SmartStax, we have actually seen our ability to increase market share in corn, for example, sitting in around 5% in the U.S. and we've got 15% down in Latin America, which is the reason, by the way, fourth quarter did so well, with our Latin American business was pretty strong 15% share in corn in Brazil, and we're basically very, very happy. We're ahead of schedule in SmartStax, and we will see this year that will go from 10% of corn hybrids in 2010 to 30% in 2011 and 70% in 2012 with SmartStax. So it's going to do what we said it would do and then some. Look, how do we feel about Q1, Q2? The earlier question price power in the Ag Chem space is not quite back, but it's coming up. We said up 2% versus prior quarter. Farm income is good. The commodity prices are up. So we believe that the first half of Ag will be a very good half, and we'll start to get back to where they were a few years ago.
Operator: We'll take our last question from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar: Andrew, in Coatings, you saw some volume declines in industrial and architectural was up. I was wondering if you can break that down differently by products, so acrylics and epoxies and if acrylics are holding their share.
Andrew Liveris: Well, yes. So as you just said, our volume impact in industrial coatings was due really because for us driving price hard and so epoxy was the kind of direct correlation there. So it really wasn't a customer-oriented thing. It's the fact that we're tied on epoxy. Our architectural side where the acrylics mainly play we do have, in fact, good volume growth and good price power, volume expansion in Asia of about 4%, North America about 3% and also our new product introductions, the titanium dioxide, say, very particular. So outlook-wise, we continue to see that we'll keep having good volume growth and good price power in coatings and that epoxy will be the issue for us going forward, and that's because we're tied and now get back to the earlier question that's where we're putting some discretionary capacity capital in place to release some capacity.
P.J. Juvekar: One quick question for Bill. Bill, any thoughts about buying back preferred as you generate good free cash flow?
William Weideman: Yes. I mean, certainly P.J. with our strong cash position and from a liquidity standpoint, certainly I believe those discussions that you referred to regarding preferred will occur sooner than later. I don't know what the final outcome of those will be, but certainly I believe we have the flexibility going forward to have those discussions.
Howard Ungerleider: That ends the Q&A portion of the call. Andrew, you like to make any closing comments?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, thank you for your great questions. And as you can see, we closed out the year. We've had now seven good quarters of increasing margins in a row, while we continue to increase R&D and fund our R&D that strong cash flow, and we have price power in the market place with good price momentum going into this quarter and the whole year. Also the shift of the company, sometimes we talk about a balanced portfolio. Really, the way you should think about our portfolio going forward is an integrated portfolio that like the chlorine feeding the downstream Performance businesses, like the plastics being reorientated to specialty plastics and high market value and uses like packaging and hygiene and elsewhere. We really feel good about the portfolio we now have, so it is about execution. It is about taking the momentum of last year as we outbounded 2010 into 2011 on our way to the $10 billion EBITDA number. And we've said that as we go from $7.5 billion towards that $10 billion number, the 2011 will be a year of implementation, execution. We feel very good about the year. We feel very good about the future. We feel very good about the economic recoveries going on out there. But we remain prepared if there's any turnaround or downturn or any unforeseen circumstances. So we appreciate your support, and thank you for listening.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks very much for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in the company obviously. And for your reference, a copy of our prepared comments will be posted on Dow's website later today. We look forward to speaking with all of you soon. Thanks very much.
Operator: And that concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company's third quarter 2010 earnings results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Howard Ungerleider, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, Lisa. Good morning, everyone and welcome. As usual, we are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and David Johnson, Director in Investor Relations. Around 6:30 this morning, October 28, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and was posted on the Internet on Dow's website, Dow.com. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments on this conference call. The slides are posted on our website on the presentations page of the investor relations section or through the link to our webcast. As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties and we can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you'd like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the most directly-comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our website. Unless otherwise specified, all comparisons presented today will be on a year-over-year basis. Sales comparisons will exclude prior-period divestitures and earnings comparisons will exclude certain items and 2009 discontinued operations. Our earnings release as well as recent SEC filings are available on the Internet at Dow.com. The agenda for today's call is on slide three. And with that, I'll now hand the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Howard. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us to discuss our third quarter performance. Our results announced this morning were outstanding by every measure. Our earnings were more than double those of a year ago. EBITDA reached a level not seen since before the economic crisis. Margins were up significantly. Volume increased double digits and was up across every single one of our segments and in every geography. Our operating rate surged as we fully met the growth in demand. Equity earnings hit the $1 billion mark on a trailing 12-month basis. Our growth synergies accelerated, reaching nearly $1 billion. We are outperforming on the cost synergy front, having delivered a run rate of greater than $2.1 billion exiting the quarter and finally, we generated almost $1 billion in cash from operations. But this is only the beginning of the Dow story. We are on the right trajectory to deliver even higher levels of earnings growth. And were going to have a lot more to say on how we'll achieve these goals at our Investor Day here in Midland next week. So, on slide four, let's walk through some of the key takeaways from the quarter. Earnings per share were $0.54, up impressively from $0.24 last year. This was driven by broad-based sales gains of 23% with double-digit increases in every operating segment and in every geography. Volume was up a notable 14%. EBITDA increased more than $350 million to $1.9 billion, reaching an annualized run rate of $8 billion compared to $5.5 billion last year. Basic Plastics was once again delivering strong results with EBITDA of nearly $730 million, up 24%. And Performance Products and Performance Systems together delivered an EBITDA increase of $150 million or 30%. Margins improved nearly 200 basis points overall for the company, to pre-recession levels, even though volumes have not yet recovered for most of our businesses. On a segment basis, Electronic and Specialty Materials has now achieved five straight quarters of 30% plus margins. Performance Products delivered a 400 basis-point expansion. In fact, our combined Performance operating segments have now delivered margin gains for five out of the last six quarters. And sequentially, margin growth was notable in Performance Products with a nearly 500 basis-point improvement and in Performance Systems with a more than 250 basis-point gain. So, now let's turn to our milestones on slide five. First, our tremendous earnings growth this quarter demonstrated the power of our portfolio. As I said, we delivered $1 billion in cash flow from operations. Also, were outperforming on both the cost and growth synergy front. And we achieved another stair-step reduction in our net debt to cap ratio achieving 44%, exceeding our goal for the year. From an operational perspective, the increase in demand drove our operating rate to 86%, a level not seen since the first quarter of 2008 and once again showing why Dow is highly regarded for our signature operational capabilities. Last quarter, as you know, I said that we were firing on seven of eight cylinders due to the significant number of planned and unplanned outages that impacted our results. We said we were taking the time to make corrective actions and that those issues would be behind us. I'm pleased to report this quarter that we are now back on track. All of our operating cylinders are firing. And we have not and will not compromise on safety, period. In fact, we were honored earlier this month with the prestigious Robert Campbell Award for our unwavering commitment to safety, the first chemical company ever to be so recognized. Strategically, we achieved several more noteworthy milestones this quarter. Our proposed joint venture project with Saudi Aramco has now entered the final stages of the FEED study, with work expected to be completed in mid 2011. We announced our chlor-alkali joint venture with Mitsui, enhancing the integration strength of our performance and market-driven businesses at a lower cost and with less capital outlays. And we are reaping the benefits of our elastomers technology breakthrough with increased capacity in both North America and Europe. We further strengthened our channel access in Dow AgroSciences, with another bolt-on acquisition in seeds and we did all of this while maintaining our investments with growth with another $400 million in R&D in the quarter to progress our innovation pipeline. Finally, we announced a new divisional structure and leadership changes, putting in place a team that is the best in the industry. This team is accountable for taking our businesses to the next level and delivering on the full potential of each division. In fact, this quarter is a strong early indicator of what this team is capable of achieving moving forward. On slide six, turning to growth synergies, here again, were demonstrating the power of our strategy. We have now achieved nearly $1 billion in growth synergies on a run rate basis, up well over 40% from last quarter and accelerating rapidly towards our 2012 target of $2 billion. This momentum reflects that these synergies are becoming part of the fabric of our company. This mindset has taken hold and is very positive and will have a lasting impact well beyond what we deliver on our target. Here are just a few examples of the literally hundreds of growth synergies achieved in the quarter. We are leveraging our strong market channel in Electronics to capture rapid growth for advanced packaging technologies. We are extending our leadership position in the fast-growing semiconductor space with the development of new polymers for leading-edge wafer manufacturing. We won a number of multimillion-dollar cross-selling opportunities across a wide array of our businesses, including construction chemicals, water, home and personal care and microbial control. And new formulation technology in the construction sector enabled the fast-track launch of an additive solution. These are just a few of the abundant opportunities that contributed to the $300 million run rate increase we achieved in the quarter. And it shows the power of our game-changing Rohm and Haas acquisition. We said we would over deliver on the cost synergies and we did. We said we would reap growth synergies and we are. And most importantly, we said we would retain the best of Rohm and Haas's culture and its people and we have. This acquisition has changed Dow irreversibly and for the better. Now, let me turn the call over to Bill, who will provide more details on our results.
Bill Weideman: Thank you, Andrew. Before I get to the numbers, let me remind you that all sales, price and volume comparisons are on a year-over-year basis and exclude divestitures. Now turning to slide seven, sales were up 23%, driven by volume growth of 14% and an increase in price of 9%. EBITDA, excluding certain items, was up $356 million to $1.9 billion. Overall margins improved almost 200 basis points over the same quarter last year and 100 basis points from last quarter. And margins in our combined performance segments, excluding ag, were 19%, up more than 150 basis points over the year-ago period and up over 250 basis points sequentially. Earnings, excluding certain items, were $0.54 per share, more than double the $0.24 per share in the same period last year. Certain items, which totaled $0.09, included a charge associated with a labor-related litigation in Latin America of $0.03, a loss on the early extinguishment of debt of $0.02, an adjustment of $0.02 on the divestiture of Styron and $0.02 of Rohm and Haas integration costs. Now, let me turn to price and volume on slide eight. We experienced demand growth across all segments, led by double-digit gains in all of our performance segments, except for Coatings and Infrastructure. We also experienced demand growth in all geographies. The strength in North America, in Europe, Middle East and Africa was particularly notable. This marked the third consecutive quarter of growth in these geographic areas. Now, moving to price. We achieved a 9% increase in price with improvement in all geographies and across most operating segments. Price gains more than offset a $585 million increase in purchase feedstock energy costs. Here, I'd like to point out that we expect these costs to rise approximately $300 million in the fourth quarter. The largest price increases were reported in the combined basic segments, which collectively reported a 17% increase. Performance Products and Coatings and Infrastructure also delivered double-digit price improvements. And from a geographic perspective, Latin America and North America grew double digits. Now, turning to our segment overview on slide 10. The strong performance in Electronic and Specialty Materials continued with revenue up 12% for the business segment. This was driven by continued strong results in Asia-Pacific, where volumes were up 25%. The performance in electronic materials continues to be driven by sustained end-market demand for consumer electronics and flat-panel displays, particularly in Asia. In fact, end-market demand for flat panels was so strong that it drove volumes for our display and growth technology businesses up by more than 50%. Volumes in our specialty materials business rose in all geographies, driven by double-digit demand growth in our water, cellulosics and microbial solutions businesses. Turning to Coatings and Infrastructure, sales were up 11% with volume and price gains across all geographies. Our coatings business expanded margins, reflecting tight epoxy fundamentals. In agricultural coatings, were seeing robust volume growth in Asia-Pacific due to new product introductions. In fact, 30% of our portfolio is less than three years old. Our building construction business grew sales 7% over last year and delivered volume improvements across all geographies, except North America. And finally, our adhesive and functional polymers business delivered double-digit sales growth across all of our geographies, driven primarily by growth in packaging applications. Now, moving to Health and Ag Sciences. This segment experienced strong volume growth of 26%, with significant gains in our seeds, traits and oils business, as well as continued growth in ag chemicals. Sales grew double digits in most regions, driven by a number of factors which offset continued pricing pressure in ag chemicals. I would like to point out we are gaining share in cotton in North America. And we are continuing to make inroads in corn as well. Volume grew for cereal herbicides in Europe, Middle East and Africa and higher-than-expected plantings of corn, especially in Brazil, benefited Latin America. In addition, we announced the acquisition of Grand Valley, adding to our seed marketing capabilities. Finally, while harvest continues, we  nearly half of our yield data from SmartStax is in. It indicates positive performance. We continue to be pleased with the launch of this new technology. In Performance Systems, we achieved double-digit volume growth in a 260 basis-point expansion in EBITDA margins during the quarter. We are benefiting from a rebound in automotive end markets, driven by a double-digit increase in global light vehicle production. And in formulated systems, double-digit volume growth in energy efficiency and fast-growing wind energy applications drove results in the quarter. Finally on this slide, you see the primary drivers behind improvements in our Performance Products segment. Volume was up 10% and price was up 15%. EBITDA margins expanded 400 basis points year-over-year and 500 points sequentially. Demand growth was driven by significant improvements in epoxy, in oxygenated solvents and continued growth in polyglycols, surfactants and fluids as well. Price increases across a number of businesses, particularly in epoxy and polyurethanes also contributed to margin improvement. Now, turning to Basic Plastics on slide 12. Volume growth and double-digit price gains drove performance. Strong industry demand for polyethylene continued, particularly in North America. Global demand growth, delays in startups and operational issues for industry participants other than Dow continued to mitigate concerns around capacity coming online. And finally, in Basic chemicals, we were over 30%  sales were up over 30% as price and demand both rose double digits. Now, turning to our joint ventures. Equity earnings were slightly over $250 million, up more than 10% from a year ago. This was driven by strong results from our joint ventures in Kuwait, MEGlobal and Dow Corning. I'd like to close my comments by highlighting  make highlights on our tight control on working capital. DSO was 44 days, down two days from last quarter and down one day versus the same quarter last year. DSI was 68 days, down four days from the year-ago period. Our CapEx spending was under $500 million after consolidating our Thailand joint ventures. And we are just under $1.2 billion year-to-date. Overall, we remain on track to achieve our $2 billion goal for 2010. Cash flow from operations was $1 billion, up $376 million over the same period last year. Free cash flow was $233 million, up $143 million versus the same quarter last year and our net debt to total cap declined 230 basis points to 44.2%, reflecting a greater than a $450 million decrease in net debt. We are currently tracking ahead of our plan. And you should expect us to end the year close to our 45% target as we look at opportunities to make voluntary contributions to our pension plan in the range of $350 million in each of the next two quarters. And finally, our net debt to EBITDA multiple improved to 2.5 and we are on a run rate of 2.3 exiting quarter. Now, I'd like to turn it back over to Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Thanks, Bill. Let's turn to our outlook now on slide 15 and you are very familiar with this chart, I know. It's our unique view into a wide array of geographical and sector trends, which we believe supports our outlook that growth is firming and firming to a more measured pace. The broad-based demand growth you see here is across geographies and industry segments. And this gives us even greater confidence that a sustained global economic recovery is gradually building momentum. Emerging economies will continue to lead this growth in our view, over the longer term as domestic demand strengthens in a number of leading end markets in fast-growing regions such as Brazil, Asia, Middle East and Eastern Europe. In China, concerns around fiscal policy tightening and asset bubbles are waning. And you could see growth trends remain robust across almost all industry segments in that country. Our outlook in North America and Europe is also encouraging as we see signs of increased momentum and more sustainable growth, particularly in the end markets where Dow holds a strong position, such as electronics, coatings, packaging and automotive. And while ongoing headwinds from high unemployment and continued weakness in construction spending still restrain the rate of growth of these developed regions, it is growth nonetheless. And we expect that growth to continue in the U.S., although at a slightly lower rate than experienced in the first half of the year, despite positive signs of increased corporate profits and investment. In Europe, we expect growth to remain uneven, with southern Europe remaining restrained by sovereign debt concerns and tightening in government spending. However, economic activity in the rest of Europe, especially those countries centered around Germany is showing signs of improvement. On balance, we are seeing positive signs of more sustainable global growth, driven by strength in many sectors. This is good news in particular for Dow with our well-balanced portfolio of businesses and our key presence in emerging geographies, both of which position Dow well to deliver sustained earnings growth. Turning to slide 16, let me wrap up briefly with an update on our 2010 priorities. For the remainder of this year, we will stay focused on executing our strategic, operational and financial plan. As I said, we are firing on all cylinders, delivering at or beyond our goals. We are well ahead of our revenue growth goal of 10%. On the growth synergy front, we've delivered 2010 results nearly double that of our year-end goal. Our performance businesses are performing. These combined segments have expanded margins now for five out of the last six quarters and we are over delivering on the cost reductions we promised. Our leadership team is squarely focused on and accountable for delivering results. In this quarter, you saw early indicators of what this team is capable of accomplishing. And on that note, let me provide a bit of a preview for our Investor Day in Midland next week. Our last Investor Day was about what we expected our transformed portfolio to deliver. And today, we can clearly state we have achieved or are on track to deliver each of the commitments made back in November of last year. And that we are firmly on the earnings trajectory we outlined at that time. This year's Investor Day will focus on how we are achieving the full potential of our higher growth, higher-margin portfolio from this moment onward. Youve asked for more transparency into how we will achieve our goals. And this meeting will be granular, providing a level of detail like we have never given before and directly from our business leadership. Moreover, you will see firsthand that Dow has the right formula through our innovations, our growth platforms, our global presence and the robust roadmaps we have in place to deliver. I look forward to seeing many of you next week. And now I'll turn the call back over to Howard.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, Andrew. That wraps up our prepared remarks. For your reference, a copy of these comments will be posted on Dow's website later today. Now, we'll move onto your questions. Before we do, though, I'd like to remind you that my comments on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both our prepared remarks and to anything that may come up during the Q&A. Lisa, would you please explain the Q&A process?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And well take our first question from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar: Yeah. Hi. Good morning.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning, P.J.
P.J. Juvekar: You know, in coatings, your EBITDA was up slightly, despite good volume growth. You obviously had higher propylene costs. I was wondering, if you can discuss your propylene balance.
Andrew Liveris: Sure, P.J. The propylene balance  well, firstly, some good news. We've taken the first propylene from PDH, from PetroLogistics, that unit is up and running. And we had our first delivery this last week or so. That will help us a lot. As we've talked about on prior calls, on sourcing propylene that's back-integrated, so to speak, to the NGL mix versus the tied to the refining pool. So over time, you can expect that that 500,000-ton unit that's starting up will take over half of it. And that will help our propylene balance to be less, what I call, naphtha-tied or market-oriented tied.
P.J. Juvekar: And secondly, quickly, on commodity divestiture, I think you are rightfully expecting a higher price. And given the shale gas advantage in the U.S., is there more interest from the buyers? Thank you.
Andrew Liveris: Yeah, clearly the Basic Plastics footprint, which is performing very, very well because of the shale gas dynamic, is something that has restated what we intend to achieve there over this next timeframe, but we are still working it. We are seeing interest. Clearly, the launch of the new LyondellBasell is helpful in terms of setting market prices and what to expect. But we also  as we've said quite a few times, we like the fact that our new technology breakthroughs in elastomers, our wiring cable business, our specialty packaging business fits more of our performance mix than ever before. Remember, we have divested over $5.5 billion of assets in the last 18 months at very good prices and have de-commoditized a lot of our commodity footprint already through divestment and shutdowns. So, we are going to say a lot more about that next week, but yes, we have interest.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, P.J. Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead, sir.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning.
David Begleiter: Andrew, in Performance Products, how sustainable is this 16% EBITDA margin in both Q4 and 2011?
Andrew Liveris: Well, we believe the trajectory of our Performance Products and Systems envelope, now that it's under one leadership, has great opportunity to continue to have constant margin expansion, firstly for the reasons P.J. talked about with the propylene back-integration that we can now speak to. Secondarily, we are number one or number two in many of these businesses. The building blocks that represent them, the propylene oxides, the epichlorohydrin, the fact that we have built capacity, the fact that there is constrained capacity in PO and epichlorohydrin bodes well for price increases. We're running them pretty high, at high rates, with the exception of TDI. We've got the start-up of new units that will feed the surging demand in Asia, notably the one in Thailand, the HPPO plant there as well as the elastomers plant there. So, frankly, we see that the performance envelope will continue to show margin expansion from here. As we showed you a year ago, their margins this quarter expanded quite dramatically and overcome  overcame the anomaly of last quarter where we had that propylene arbitrage go against us.
David Begleiter: And Andrew, just in Dow Corning, was the growth this quarter a little bit less than prior quarters and if it was, why?
Andrew Liveris: They tend to have seasonality in the third quarter. So, there was some softness in their August numbers. And that seasonality is now over with and they're entering the fourth quarter quite strong.
David Begleiter: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Don Carson with Susquehanna International. Please go ahead, sir.
Don Carson: Yes. Thank you. A follow-up on the ag side and specifically your comments on SmartStax. Really two questions. One, Monsanto is emphasizing more some of the reduced refuge products that don't require the Herculex trait. Just wondering, a, what's the implication of that for your licensing revenue growth over the next few years. And b, can you be a little more specific on what yield differential you're seeing on genetics with the SmartStax trait in it versus those that don't have it?
Andrew Liveris: Yes. So Don, this is obviously very timely sorts of questions. We have over  nearly 50% of our replicated trials comparing SmartStax with Herculex XTRA insect protection trait versions in the same basic genetic packages already in. And this data, which compares to several base genetic packages, continues to show that Dow AgroSciences' SmartStax is performing well and yielding as expected. Now, we're going to share our data at the right time to give a clear picture once the harvest is complete. So  but at the end of the day, I will say this. Our data is showing the SmartStax technology is performing, that there is no yield drag. And our hybrids are actually performing quite well. We do want to wait a bit to get all the yield data in and all the trials. But we don't actually see any of the issues and we're quite supportive of the stuff Monsanto's been saying lately.
Don Carson: And what about your, you know, the fact that they're switching to some technologies that don't involve the Herculex gene? What  does that have any dramatic impact on your revenue growth there?
Andrew Liveris: No. Absolutely not. We've sold all we have. I think you've got to get the scale proportionality here. Monsanto is pretty ubiquitous in everywhere and they had much bigger robust goals than we did. We are very, very targeted, very, very much into our channels. And we're showing, as Bill said on his statements, growth in cotton. We're at double-digit share already and pretty good growth in corn. And with corn prices where they're going, I think you're going to see that we're going to drive our numbers up pretty fast based on our selective targeting.
Don Carson: Thank you.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, Don. Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Mann with Morgan Stanley.
Paul Mann: Thanks. Just going back to the propylene question earlier, can you just remind us of the exact arrangement between yourselves and PetroLogistics in terms of the pricing of propylene going forward?
Andrew Liveris: Yeah. We have a  thank you, Paul, for your question. We actually haven't made that public but you know, it's clearly a market minus arrangement. But it does have a lot more connectivity to the world of NGLs than otherwise said  which is what we have said publicly. Let me say this. It will give us an advantage we didn't have before.
Paul Mann: And the second question, just can you give us the numbers of pension contributions full year in 2010. And what the pension contribution will look like in 2011, please?
Andrew Liveris: Yes. I'll let Bill answer that. Thank you, Paul.
Bill Weideman: Yeah, Paul. As I mentioned  if you look at our year-to-date contributions, our year-to-date contribution's around $177 million. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're contemplating  we remain firmly supportive of our pension plans. And given our strong cash flow, we're contemplating making a $350 million contribution to our pension plans over the next couple of quarters. So you could expect our full-year pension contributions to be around $600 million. And then for 2011, you could expect that to be up slightly, but not significantly and we do believe our cash from operations can support that.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, Paul.
Paul Mann: Thank you very much.
Howard Ungerleider: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Cash with UBS. Please go ahead.
Andy Cash: Good morning, gentlemen.
Andrew Liveris: Hi, Andy. I loved to hear your voice again.
Andy Cash: I look forward to capturing on next week.
Andrew Liveris: I look forward to it too.
Andy Cash: Just a couple of questions before next week. With chemicals and plastics doing so well here, I was wondering if you could give us an update on your thinking on KDOW. And perhaps, if you're planning on going forward with the sale, is there any change in price  is the price profile changing here with the recent upturn in Basic Plastics and chemicals?
Andrew Liveris: Yeah. The second part of the question first. There is definitely a very different value equation for North American-based petrochemical assets and clearly our revised footprint, after we did all of our shutdowns, we took out a lot of our purchasers. We fundamentally produce all the ethylene that we want now for our consumption downstream. By decommoditizing the downstream, by taking out EDC, by taking out EO, by taking out EB styrene, so that has strengthened our envelope, if you like, around NGLs, our flexi-crackers, our ability to use some of this new found pricing structure that differentiates the oil and gas ratio in our favor means that there is a higher value of those assets, clearly. That's point number one. Point number two, Andy. We'll say a lot more next Monday, Tuesday, but certainly, we are rethinking, as I said on an earlier question. We are rethinking how we will divide the plastics unit today post all the actions we've taken, such as the shutdowns, such as the divestment of Styron. We are a different plastics portfolio, a lot more focused. And it divides itself pretty nicely between high-end, high-value plastics, specialty plastics, if you like, that go into growth markets such as packaging and more commodity-like plastics. So, we are looking at doing a different type of deal than KDOW in the future. I think that's fair to say but we will do deals nevertheless and so that's in our future. That will help us on our balanced portfolio, more and more to downstream businesses that have much more IP protection and margin expansion based on innovation and that will, of course, strengthen our balance sheet even further from where it is right now. We anticipate that that will all be in the next 12 to 18 months. So, you'll see more action from us in the plastics portfolio, but at higher valuations, all on strategy to reduce our volatility.
Andy Cash: Again, just a follow-on, as I look toward your dividend, I think you've said in the past year that you're looking forward to restoring that dividend. Perhaps you could talk a little bit about how the Board is looking at that? Are there any metrics the Board is looking to achieve, whether it's an earnings level or Is it debt to EBITDA? Just, what you could say about that, please?
Bill Weideman: Sure. This is Bill. Let me answer that. First of all, as you know that's a Board decision. So I can't speculate on what action the Board may take. However, if you look at our past practice, our historical, we've had a dividend payout ratio, which is dividend divided by net income, of approximately 45%. And if you look at over the last five years, from 2005 to 2009, we've actually been 45.9%. Now, we recognize over the past year. We've been a little bit below that, for good reasons due to the recession and our leverage. But the  and one of our top priorities continues to be to pay down debt but as the economy continues to improve and as our earnings continue to improve, we will continue to reward shareholders consistent with our past practice.
Andy Cash: Okay. Thank you very much. See you next week.
Andrew Liveris: See you next week, Andy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Bob Koort: Thanks very much. I read something from a weed scientist recently that was extolling the benefits of 2,4-D. Can you give us an update on when that product might get through the whole registration process and be commercial?
Andrew Liveris: Yeah. Thank you for your question, Bob. Certainly, there are more and more reports on difficult-to-control weeds and how 2,4-D and of course, therefore, the related launch of DHT, which is, of course, based on that in terms of tolerance. We anticipate the launch around 2013 when it will be available. So it's on track right now. We've probably  if you look at the types of crops, 2013 will be corn and 2014 will be soy. And then beyond that, 15 will be cotton, so, that's not all that far away. And of course, with your point, 2,4-D being the herbicide of choice, I think, is going to be very good for DHT. We're feeling more and more bullish on that launch.
Bob Koort: And then, Andrew, if I might follow up, in the U.S., obviously, there's been a massive ethane advantage, maybe it's restricted production of byproducts from some of the heavier crackers. Can you tell me what you've been doing lately with your feedstock mix and how much room there might be to moderate that or modulate that going forward?
Andrew Liveris: Clearly, the cracker profile of Dow in North America, with its great flexibility to switch between heavy and lights as the ethane arbitrage of natural gas versus the naphtha arbitrage to oil widens even further. There's been some correction of late, but clearly it's still quite wide compared to historical levels. We believe that's going to continue for the next several years. And so it's  the byproduct point, then, becomes very relevant and that gets back to the propane/PDH/propylene sourcing point. You can expect us to be more and more active on alternative ways to get propane into the mix for shorter-produced propylene in the crackers or to do on-purpose propylene production. So that we can take advantage of it on the propylene side of the house as well as the ethylene side of the house. More longer term, Bob, it's not for today, but certainly the sorts of things we're doing in China where you are decoupling and going all the way back to a C1 source. So MTP, methanol to propylene and technologies like that, I think will become a little more prevalent here in the United States, if you believe all the shale gas numbers. Right now, I think we're looking at natural gas to shale gas as being an oversupply for several years to come and that would widen the arbitrage, which means that you have to make sure you can source propylene off of propane.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, Bob. Next question, Lisa.
Bob Koort: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with J.P. Morgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: Hi. Good morning.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning.
Jeff Zekauskas: Most companies have much faster growth in Asia than they do in Europe or in North America and for Dow, it's the opposite and that I think your volumes in Asia were up 8% and your sales up 3.5%. Can you explain why Dow is unusual in this respect?
Andrew Liveris: Well, growth is an interesting word. If you put the word profitable growth in front of the word growth, you might get a different balance of mix. And I think that speaks a little bit to our strategy in Asia and has for some years been very true. The way we position ourselves in places like China and Asia is downstream products and the value add, i.e., the margins of those products may not be high in volume. So we did not do a naphtha cracker in China, as a good example of my point. We deliberately did not do that because we couldn't see our way to profitable growth of the downstreams, either the first or second derivatives. Now, of course, that then speaks to, well, how are you going to participate in the economic growth of those countries beyond the high-margin downstream specialties, remembering, using China as our benchmark, of all the products we sell in China. It's over 80% performance businesses. So it shows you our strategy has been very much in the downstream. But how we're remedying the point you're making overall is to get, in fact, profitable back-integration into our building blocks. So we can meet the emerging market demand from in-market production. The very first load of capacity in that regard is coming on as we speak, which is the Thai capacity. So you could expect us then to have profitable growth with volume in the more intermediates, first-line derivatives such as propylene oxide, polyols and all the downstreams from polyethylenes like specialty elastomers. The second will be in the 14, 15, 16 timeframe with the final approval of the Saudi project next year. Of course, that's a very big project, equity light, but also serves Southeast Asia, South Asia and China from the Middle East, as well as the Middle East itself. And then, the third project, which is the one in the back half of the decade, is the end-market project on coal chemicals in China. So what you're seeing today is that a lot of the commodities and building blocks that we might supply Asia, we'd much rather supply them to higher-margin end-market areas like the U.S. and Europe. And so, we're making more money by keeping them home than by exporting them. But in high value-add businesses, like electronic materials, our China business is up 28%. So it speaks to the strategic positioning on profitable growth.
Jeff Zekauskas: That's very helpful. And then for my follow-up, if you guys didn't go over this before, why was it that Coatings and Infrastructure volume growth was only 1% excluding divestitures? Are there still manufacturing issues in the acrylics chain or is there some other factor there?
Andrew Liveris: The Coatings and Infrastructure piece is, of course, a hybrid between, let's say, the two epicenters of housing-related construction in the commercial and residential sectors and then building and construction materials. So you've got to  you've got to really almost bifurcate and start to look at the segments underneath that, Jeff. And I'd say to you there are still supply constraints in industrial coatings, especially the epoxy chain. That is speaking to price power. So there is price increases going on in liquid epoxy resins and all the downstreams from epoxy. In the end use side of that, that's actually the demand growth has been pretty good, but it's supply constrained. I think it's fair to say that as all of our downstream customers have reported, that the United States and southern Europe and housing is still very weak and anemic and it's the one sector, certainly from a construction of new residences, is still very much flat to weak. Therefore, as a result of that, most of the architectural coatings market that we would supply in the acrylic chain is really going into markets that are soft and only in painting your own house, whatever they  the cycle painting are you seeing any sort of growth. So, overall demand is not strong in the entire housing area. So we're running our assets very hard. They're running well. Inventories are low. Okay. And we are very focused on price. So, in other words, we're pretty much sold out and now are selling up.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay. Thank you very much.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, Jeff. Next question, Lisa.
Operator: Our next question comes from Frank Mitsch with BB&T Capital Markets.
Frank Mitsch: Good morning, gentlemen.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning, Frank.
Frank Mitsch: You successfully offset, I think, $585 million of higher raw material costs in the third quarter with price increases. And you suggested that the fourth quarter, you'll probably see another $300 million of inflation. Can you talk about the price versus raw material balance throughout the third quarter and into the fourth quarter? What I'm trying to get at is, have you been able to widen that gap in terms of your price increases or have raws been catching up to that? So, how do we think about it on a trendline heading into the fourth quarter?
Andrew Liveris: Well, the margins expansion through the quarter, as you noted, was over 200 basis points. And so clearly, we had that widening occur in the more commodity-like products and that's because those assets are running hard. I mean, in essence, if you look at polyethylene, ethylene, if you look at chemicals, the chlor-alkali chain, you've got decent demand growth overall. You've got demand growth in the emerging world being strong. And so as a consequence of that, you're getting some inflation on the commodity inputs and really the earlier question, Frank, if you play the arbitrage right in terms of oil and gas ratio, then you should be able to get the price increases where you make the product. In our case, North America and Europe are big home markets. So we are working very hard to keep that margin expansion on the basics alive and that all comes down to new capacity. Now, in the next several quarters, there will be capacity coming on still in the Middle East and the Far East. So, it will be spotty quarter-to-quarter. I think, like we said on our  and Bill said in his script. There is no question. We will see ups and downs in the margin profiles of, in particular, the polyethylene chain. But you can expect, with capacity operations at the mid-80s to high 80s to low 90s, to see still continual pricing power over the next several quarters. Bill, did you want to add to that?
Bill Weideman: Yeah. I think it's another data point is, our view in the fourth quarter is that oil will probably stay in the 80s  80 to 85 and that naphtha will probably stay fairly high like it is today. I think it's like $740 but our view is gas in the fourth quarter will remain low. And also that propylene will remain balanced. So, as you know, that's a good scenario for us. When  and so that bodes well for us.
Frank Mitsch: So, it's not a fait accompli that margins compress in the fourth quarter in those basic businesses?
Andrew Liveris: Yeah. I think, we don't give guidance, right and obviously this is a big part of our chain here, Frank. So we're trying to be appropriate here, but look, soft landing, no collapse, some normal seasonality, but answering your question as Bill said, with hydrocarbons staying in our favor and some price power out there based on operating rates, you can draw your own conclusions.
Frank Mitsch: Terrific. Thank you.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, Frank. Next question, Lisa.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin McCarthy with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes. Good morning.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning.
Kevin McCarthy: I wanted to follow up on performance products where you had the best margins since the first quarter of 07. Andrew, can you comment on the composition of earnings there? We are hearing, for example, that some of the oxos are tight. Are you seeing that, is that transitory or structural, in your view and maybe you could give some color on epoxies and urethanes as well.
Andrew Liveris: Yeah. I mean, I think you're right on with your question. I mean, I think what you're seeing is the building blocks that underpin Performance Products and therefore downstream, are tight. And so all the performance monomers, like oxos, the solvents, the amines with the exception of ethanolamines, the acrylics, the epichlorohydrins and PO are all running tight. And so, I would tell you the only performance product that isn't running tight is TDI. And so, that to one side, with good demand fundamentals in the emerging world, Kevin, you're seeing fundamentally all  everyone in the chain having price power. And so it's back to Frank Mitsch's question, how do you manage input such that you continue to have margin expansion? We believe we have those businesses in great shape. We've taken all the turnarounds we want to take. We've fixed the issues at Deer Park. We've put a lot of resources on that and it's worked. And frankly, with tightness in the chains, you will continue to see those businesses have margin expansion.
Kevin McCarthy: Okay and then a second question, if I may. You made a comment that you're making inroads in U.S. corn to complement the very meaningful share gains you've had in cotton. Can you quantify how much share you might've gained in U.S. corn and whether or not you feel as though you're still on track to become number three in that business?
Andrew Liveris: Well, I believe we are on track to become number three with our SmartStax data telling us that we will have good competitive advantage there. And then on top of that, DHT, but it's still early. We're at about 5% total share right now. That's up two or three percentage points from where we started. We said we would get to double digit by 2015. We believe we're on track to do that.
Kevin McCarthy: Okay. Thank you.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, Kevin. Lisa, next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Connelly with CLSA. Please go ahead.
Mark Connelly: Thank you. Andrew, two questions, both on coatings. When we look at coatings materials, we see prices up. We talked earlier in the call about the propylene pressure. Do you see your customers able to pass those higher prices  your higher prices through or are they getting closer to being able to pass through? That's the first question. And second, within the Coatings and Infrastructure segment generally, I'm just wondering is your investment in the POWERHOUSE solar shingle causing a drag on margins and should we expect more upside in margins as that product rolls out next year?
Andrew Liveris: Certainly, the coatings value chain, I mentioned earlier, the architectural side, is definitely still suffering from the housing market being very delayed in terms of recovery. You might argue that it's well into 2011. So, our customers are seeing a lot of pressures and their margins are getting compressed, as many of them have reported. And clearly, acrylics is part of that but the biggest part of that is titanium dioxide. And I think you're going to see if it's not price power at their part of the chain, which really you should look to them to comment on. But I think their raw materials are going to be a continual issue for them and so  because of tightness in the chains and to that end, by the way, we at Dow have innovations that can help them, meaning that they can reformulate and we actually have substitutes for titanium dioxide out there already that will be very beneficial to them to get away from what's going on in the titanium dioxide areas. So, given that, I think what you're going to see is a lot of companies work very hard with their suppliers like us to do re-formulates, to do different types of ingredient mixes, to accommodate what is a tightness in the upstream. I believe the tightness in acrylics will continue for some period of time. Look, on POWERHOUSE, yes, it is a drag on earnings as we reposition ourselves ahead of the launch. The costs are going up ahead of launch. Launch is middle of next year. We'll have a lot to say on POWERHOUSE next Monday and Tuesday. So I won't steal their thunder until then.
Mark Connelly: Perfect. Ill wait till then. Thanks Andrew.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, Mark. Lisa, next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Young with ChemSpeak. Please go ahead.
Bill Young: Good morning, gentlemen.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning, Bill.
Bill Young: A couple of follow-ups, please. If you look at the coatings area and you emphasized, Andrew, that architectural is still down. If you looked at the last peak, how far down are we? If last peak was 100, say, are we at 90 or 85 or 95? I'm really asking to get an idea of how much upside there is when the housing market eventually returns to a more normal level.
Andrew Liveris: Yeah. The views we get on that, my view is by participating in many, many external associations and if you really look at where the consumer is today versus the consumer was in, let's say, 07, early 08, it's probably still down about 20% in terms of upside based on value of demand that's no longer there. And so, the readjustment that many of us have done in the chain, certainly Dow, has been to take out capacity. I know downstream from us that's also happened. I've mentioned reformulation. Will it get back to there by some timeframe? Look, the best estimates out there, Bill, are 2012, but even those are looking a little bullish right now.
Bill Young: Okay. Great. And my second one  you were stressing also your feedstock flexibility in North America, given the cost of gas and natural gas liquids. Today, what is the highest proportion of NGLs you can put through your North American ethylene plants compared to other periods where  like early in the decade, where you wanted to maximize your naphtha throughput.
Andrew Liveris: Yeah. How times change. Yes, that number is about 70%. We've increased it systemically over these last five years, in particular by allowing ourselves to be able to crack butane in particular, as well as the normal ethane propane. So that's been an on-purpose strategy to increase that number. It's about 70. If you throw into the mix the fact that the flexi-crackers that are mostly on the U.S. Gulf have that capability. Of course, we also have the pure NGL crackers in Canada and Argentina for the Americas.
Bill Young: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Bill.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, Bill. We have time for one more question.
Operator: And our final question comes from John Roberts with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
John Roberts: And at the wire here. It used to be that the specialty businesses had some countercyclicality to the basic businesses in terms of margins, so that there'd be some overall diversity there. We've had several quarters now with both moving up. Should we think about the margin countercyclicality between basics and specialties being somehow structurally broken here?
Andrew Liveris: It's a great question. Good one to finish on and one that sets up next week very, very well. I believe, we are a different mix today, with different opportunities now to show a degree of different type of countercyclicality. And I think, it will be market-driven more than it will be feedstock-driven, which, of course, is the whole strategy. So, if you look at what we've done here, John, is that I think we've got enough market diversity, a very big footprint in the emerging markets in downstream specialties like electronics, like coatings, for example and infrastructure in general. A good ag sector that gives us a seasonality and a countercyclicality, but the less reliance we have on the ethylene cycle is what you're starting to see. Now, we are, of course, making a lot of money in the ethylene polyethylene chain, but I want to point out that is less the cycle and more our own interventions. I think we have upgraded our margins in that whole plastics area by, a, getting out of commodity businesses and, b, shutting down a lot of the footprint that was not competitive versus what it used to be five years ago and, c, we've repositioned the downstream to value-add, such as elastomers, wire and cable and specialty packaging. So, a different mix even in the basics has occurred and I won't leave this conversation without also acknowledging that's happened in chemicals. With our MEGlobal joint venture now being a very competitive ethylene glycol supplier in a joint venture mode and our chlor-alkali footprint serving our downstreams and doing innovative ways to get upstream integration through this deal with Mitsui, we've been able to lessen the cyclicality of petrochemicals and its effect on our earnings. So, from here, I believe you're going to see margin expansion in both sides because of the interventions we've done.
John Roberts: Okay. See you next week.
Howard Ungerleider: All right. Thanks very much. We're going to have to end the call at this point. We'd like to thank you for joining us this morning. Appreciate your interest in The Dow Chemical Company. And we absolutely look forward to seeing all of you in Midland next week. Thanks very much.
Operator: That concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-08-03 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Dow Chemical Company's Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Howard Ungerleider, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, Lisa. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, we're making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Antonio Galindez, President and CEO of Dow AgroSciences; and David Johnson, Director in Investor Relations. Around 6:30 this morning, August 3, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and was posted on the Internet on Dow's website, dow.com. We've prepared some slides to supplement our comments on the conference call. The slides are posted on our website on the presentations page of the Investor Relations section or through the link to our webcast. As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you'd like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments today may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our website. Unless otherwise specified, all comparisons presented today will be on a year-over-year basis. Sales comparisons, which exclude prior-period divestitures and recent seed acquisitions in Health and Agricultural Sciences, and earnings comparisons will exclude certain items and 2009 discontinued operations. Our earnings release as well as recent SEC filings are available on the Internet at dow.com. The agenda for today's call is on Slide 3. Now I'd like to hand the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Howard, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us to discuss our second quarter results. If I can ask you to turn to Slide 4. This morning, we announced another quarter of strong results both in the top and bottom line. Virtually, every financial measure is up: price, volume, EBITDA, operating rate, cash flow and earnings. All demonstrate continuing momentum. We remain firmly on the path we laid out at the beginning of the year, and we are delivering the financial performance we promised. The best proof point that our strategic agenda is the right one, is the continued strength in our Performance businesses, which delivered more than 70% of the EBITDA for the quarter, and we believe this performance will continue as momentum continues in a positive direction for a sustained global economic recovery. Here's some high-level takeaways from the quarter. Operating earnings were $0.54, up more than tenfold from the year-ago period and up more than 25% sequentially. This was driven by sales gains of 26%, with significant increases in both price and volume. EBITDA increased to $1.9 billion, up more than $300 million, and EBITDA year-to-date is up nearly 50% compared to the same period last year. Our Performance businesses again showed strength and continuing momentum with EBITDA up $175 million sequentially excluding health and agriculture. A number of these businesses delivered EBITDA margins at or above our normalized targets and at pre-recessional or better levels including Electronic and Specialty Materials, which has now surpassed 30% for four quarters running. Others include Architectural Coatings, which achieved 19% EBITDA margins in the quarter. Elastomers delivered 16% EBITDA margins. This is the largest piece of our Performance Systems segment and has delivered at levels between 15% and 18% for the last five quarters. Our Epoxy business, driven by continued growth in electronics and our continued shift to higher-margin specialty grades in Asia delivered 20% margins and Polyglycols was more than 20% to name a few. At a division level, our Advanced Materials earnings in the first half are nearly back to the pre-recession levels of first half 2008. For the entire company, our overall EBITDA performance is particularly notable given a $1.6 billion increase in purchased feedstock cost and a $100 million increase in planned turnaround cost. We also had several major unplanned outages that were completely unforeseen, and this cost us an estimated lost-sales opportunity of more than $300 million or at least $0.07 in earnings per share. While we clearly lost sales in earnings opportunities in these unplanned events as well as in our turnarounds, we did not compromise the safety of our operations and took the necessary time to repair them despite the difficulties created in our supply chains and our customer base. We operate a "safety first, production second" mindset at Dow, and our "Drive to Zero" global safety goals will always come first. The good news is that these outages and turnarounds are now behind us, and we have returned to normal levels. And specifically in our Coatings business, our performance was dampened by severe global industry supply constraints, coupled with our own previously mentioned unplanned outages. This limited our ability to fully capture volume growth. These results were clearly disappointing to us. Even so, the segment showed double-digit sales gains in the quarter, and our outlook is very positive moving ahead. When you exclude the impact of turnarounds and outages, we surpassed the $2 billion mark in EBITDA, bringing our first half run rate to nearly $4 billion. These are levels not seen since the prerecession period in 2008. In terms of demand, emerging geographies posted volume gains at a rate nearly double that of the total company. Performance segments led the way overall, driven in particular by Electronic Materials which was up 27%. This demand improvement pushed our global operating rate higher as well, up year-over-year and sequentially to 86% excluding planned turnarounds. Turning to the balance sheet. We delivered a more than $1 billion improvement in operating cash flow. Also notable, our net-debt-to-EBITDA run rate exiting the quarter was 2.4. This represents a 14% decline sequentially and is less than half the level of April 2009. We are well on the way to achieving our balance sheet goals by year end. If you can turn to Slide 5, it brings me to milestones. We are making tremendous progress on these on both a year-over-year and sequential basis. Financially, the earnings power of the new portfolio is already here today. Our Performance businesses comprised nearly 2/3 of sales and 3/4 of EBITDA for the quarter. Operationally, we delivered synergy and structural cost reductions of $325 million. In just six quarters, we have achieved more than $1.8 billion in cost savings, significantly improving the company's operating leverage, again, well ahead of our commitments. And strategically, we achieved several noteworthy milestones. We are forming a chlor-alkali joint venture, securing critical raw materials for our Downstream Performance businesses at a lower cost and with less capital outlays. We have now shed more than $5 billion of non-strategic assets, well ahead of schedule. And we achieved a stair-step reduction in our net-debt-to-capital ratio, moving from 49% to 46.5%, and we are now well on our way to achieving our goal. We did all of this while maintaining our focus on growth, investing more than $400 million in R&D in the quarter. And today, together with Saudi Aramco, we announced that our proposed joint venture project to build a world-scale integrated manufacturing facility for Performance Products, Plastics and Performance Systems businesses is now entering the final stages of the FEED study. We expect this work to be completed in mid-2011. Together, we have also confirmed that the planned site location for the project will move to Jubail Industrial City, the largest industrial complex of its kind in the world. This new venue provides the benefit of extensive existing infrastructure and significantly enhances the capital efficiency of this project. It also provides the perfect platform for us to deploy our successful value bag concept like we have at our Dow Central Germany facility and other large Dow locations. This project aligns perfectly with our strategy to invest in key emerging regions and ensures our Downstream businesses have the competitive critical building block products they need to grow. If you turn to Slide 6, speaking of growth, I also want to highlight that we have achieved a run rate of $684 million in growth synergies from our transformational Rohm and Haas acquisition. This represents a 30% increase versus last quarter, and we continue to make great progress towards our 2012 target of $2 billion. Let me mention a few examples achieved in the quarter. Dow Coating Materials recorded new wins with surfactants in Asia. We landed new business with a leading multinational consumer products company, delivering new innovative formulations for hair care applications. We won new business in the Oil & Gas sector in Latin America. Our leading consumer products company has adopted our new household cleaner technology. A world-class petroleum additives company is now using our enabling chemistry to bring new technology for automotive lubricants to market. Now I'd like to turn to a high-level view of the geographic and market demand trends that drove our performance in the quarter. Please turn to Slide 7. We saw broad-based recovery in global demand in a wide variety of end markets as momentum continued from last quarter. This was evident in our volume growth across the entire company led predominately by the combined Performance businesses, which were up 12%. Emerging geographies collectively posted volume gains nearly double that of the total company. Here are a few examples of why our portfolio is well positioned to capture this momentum. Electronics end markets continue to perform well driven by demand for flat screen technologies and semiconductors. Automotive end markets further strengthened in North America and Asia. Our Specialty Materials and Adhesives and Functional Polymers businesses benefited from strong demand in Latin America. From a geographical perspective, both North America and Europe continued their growth. And finally, we saw continued demand gains in Asia, particularly in our Electronic and Specialty Materials segment, which was up more than 30%. As you can see, fundamentals remain strong across a wide variety of high-growth sectors. Of course, we also experienced some challenges in the quarter, notably, the unplanned outages especially in the coatings value chain as well as the unfavorable weather patterns in North America and Europe, which impacted results in Dow AgroSciences. Overall, these challenges have been more than balanced by the broad-based positives we're seeing. Now Bill is going to give you some more detail on how these trends drove our results in the quarter.  But as I reflect on the quarter, I'd say there are a number of areas in which we excelled, and clearly, a couple of specific areas where we could have done more. Putting it transparently, we were firing on seven of our eight cylinders in the quarter. We know where the issues were for the eighth cylinder, and we now believe we have them fixed so we can go even further. We remain firmly on the earnings trajectory we laid out at the beginning of the year. So let me now turn the call over to Bill who will provide more details on our results.
William Weideman: Thank you, Andrew. Turning to Slide 8. Reported sales were $13.6 billion, an increase of 20%. Excluding acquisitions and divestitures, sales were up 26% driven by volume growth of 7% and an increase in price of 19%. EBITDA, excluding certain items was up $327 million to $1.9 billion. Earnings, excluding certain items that totaled $0.04, were $0.54 per share. Before I discuss results at the segment level, let me cover Dow's operating rate and the impact of turnarounds and outages. Our operating rate continued to improve, reflecting sustained demand growth. Excluding the impact of planned turnarounds, it was up eight percentage points year-over-year. The second quarter is typically a high period of turnarounds, but this quarter was unique in several ways. As Andrew mentioned, we had more planned turnarounds than usual in the quarter, up $100 million versus the same quarter last year and up $150 million compared with the first quarter. We also faced a number of unplanned outages, particularly in the coatings value chain. This resulted in lost sales of more than $300 million. The estimated EPS impact was about $0.07 per share. Now let me turn to price and volume. Overall volume growth was 7% with our combined Performance segments delivering a 12% increase. Volume grew in all segments except Basic Plastics, which was down 7%. It also grew in all geographies except Latin America, which was down 3%. Both of these declines were primarily due to an unplanned outage at our facility in Bahia Blanca. Excluding Basic Plastics, volume was actually up 9% in Latin America. We experienced particular strength in North America and Europe, Middle East and Africa, and this marked the second consecutive quarter of growth in these geographic areas. Turning to Slide 11. We also achieved price gains across most operating segments in all geographies. In total, price was up 19%. Again, North America and Europe, Middle East, Africa, delivered the strongest performance as price was up 20% and 21%, respectively. Now turning to our segment overview on Slide 12. Electronic and Specialty Materials recovery continued in electronic end markets particularly in Asia, where the business saw volume growth of 25% or more across all its business units. This was driven by sustained high-utilization rates at chip foundries, strong demand for consumer electronics and high operating rates at major flat-panel display manufacturers. Our Electronics business recorded several wins in the quarter and places next-generation VISIONPAD technology with a large Japanese customer. Our Water business also continues to achieve volume growth in all geographies in its Ion Exchange Resin and RO Membrane business lines. Turning to our Coatings and Infrastructure segment. Dow Coating Materials grew sales 10% and expanded margins sequentially due to price increases and lower raw material cost despite monomer supply issues in the quarter. We also saw a double-digit sales increase in our Building and Construction business, with particular improvement in insulation products led by our STYROFOAM brand insulation. And finally, our Adhesives and Functional Polymers business achieved double-digit volume growth, with the strongest improvement seen in Asia and Latin America. Moving to Health and Agricultural Sciences. This segment experienced solid volume improvement due to ramp up of new ag chems as well as gains in Seeds, Traits and Oils business, which included the successful launch of SmartStax technology. This segment continues to hold significant growth potential going forward, and Antonio will provide more detail shortly. Performance Systems saw improvement across all geographic areas in every business unit. We are benefiting from a strong rebound in automotive end markets, particularly in Asia and North America. And demand for our technology-differentiated products used in acoustics and body structure applications grew in excess of 25%. And in Formulated Systems, energy efficiency and infrastructure applications drove growth in the quarter. Finally, on this slide, you'll see the primary drivers in performance products. Volume growth was recorded in all geographies except Asia, where our Polyurethanes business shed low-margin sales. Other key drivers in this segment included strong demand in electronic laminates in our Epoxy business and demand growth in our Polyglycols, Surfactants and Fluid businesses for heat transfer fluids used in solar power applications. The Basic Plastics on Slide 14, double-digit price gains in all geographies drove performance. Notably, strong industry demand for polyethylene continued, primarily in North America and Asia. However, our overall sales were negatively impacted by the previously mentioned outage in Latin America. And finally, in Basic Chemicals, recovery continued in the alumina and the pulp and paper industries, which drove price up year-over-year. Now turning to our joint ventures. Equity earnings were up significantly. This was driven by our joint ventures in Kuwait and by Dow Corning, where demand in Silicones and Polysilicon segments has returned to pre-recession levels. Equity earnings were down sequentially from the record levels of last quarter due to planned turnarounds at MEGlobal, EQUATE  and Kuwait Olefins Company. Before I wrap up, I'd like to highlight our tight control on working capital. DSO was 46 days, down one day versus the same period last year. DSI was 67 days, down three days from a year-ago period. We reduced inventory units by 3% versus the same period last year. Our CapEx spending was under $400 million, and we remain on track toward our $2 billion goal for 2010. Cash flow from operations was $1.3 billion, and free cash flow was $650 million, up nearly $1 billion versus the same quarter last year. Our net-debt-to-total-cap declined 250 basis points to 46.5%. Progress here reflects a $1.9 billion decrease in net debt driven by proceeds from the Styron divestiture and our operating cash flow generated in the quarter. Please note that for modeling purposes, you should expect a $1 billion quarterly impact on revenue from the Styron divestiture. Our net-debt-to-EBITDA multiple improved to 2.8, and we are at a run rate of 2.4 exiting the quarter. Finally, our progress in cost synergy and restructuring goals. We have now surpassed our $1.3 billion run-rate target for cost synergies associated with the Rohm and Haas acquisition two quarters ahead of schedule. That wraps up my review. Now I'd like to turn it over to Antonio for a discussion on key growth and profitability drivers for Dow AgroSciences.
Antonio Galindez: Thanks, Bill. I'm glad to be here today to talk about AgroSciences' growth strategy and our technology progress. First, let me discuss the quarter. While we encountered some short-term headwinds, our growth strategy remains on track. We predicted early in the year that crop protection market conditions will reach a normalized level this year, meaning that 2010 will look a lot like 2007, which was a more stable year in agriculture versus the two previous years. The good news is that the first half of 2010, we increased EBITDA by more than $90 million versus 2009. And compared with the same period of 2007, our EBITDA was over $40 million higher. This takes into account more than $150 million of additional growth investments we have made in R&D and SG&A, and these investments are paying off. For example, our new product launches illustrate our technology power as sales from new ag chemicals are up more than 40% in the first half of 2010 versus last year. Another area of progress is our Seeds portfolio, which reported a 15% increase in first half sales over last year's. These gains are a direct result of new products such as SmartStax, our biggest biotech launch ever, as well as our outstanding cotton varieties, the strength of our germplasm in Latin America and the performance of acquired seed companies. However, these wins were masked in our results for the quarter due to the price pressure in commodity ag chem products and poor weather conditions in the northern hemisphere, which limited some product applications. So while the quarter was not what we expected, we did improve our results versus last year and 2007, and we believe the long-term fundamentals of this industry are strong. Why? Because growth in this sector will be driven by the need of an increasing amount of food, feed and even fuel. The agricultural industry must produce more food with limited land, less water and fewer resources to feed a population that will reach 9 billion in 2050. There is a global consensus among leading institutions about the challenge of feeding the world. Here's a fact from the Coalition for a Sustainable Agricultural Workforce: "Over the next 40 years, we must produce more food than has been produced over the past 10,000 years combined." Technology is one of the answers, and it is a critical one. While we expect some short-term market challenges as supply-demand dynamics balance out for commodity crop protection products, there is no doubt the need to enhance farmers' productivity is a critical challenge. Please turn to Slide 19. So let me talk about our Ag Chem pipeline, which is the best we have ever had. We continue launching new proprietary agricultural chemical solutions that contribute to our growth objectives and generate cash flow. For example, sulfoxaflor insecticide will open new markets for us in 2012. And we have new herbicide and fungicide solutions coming next that are very promising. In total, we expect new product sales to reach $500 million this year, it's 25% from our original estimates of $400 million. And we are projecting this number will grow to $800 million by 2013. Our portfolio strategy is one of balance between biotechnology and crop protection, and our Seeds and Traits advances are truly exciting. Today, we have SmartStax, which is the only, I repeat, the only commercially available product approved for a 5% reduced-structure refuge requirement for both below- and above-ground pest. We had a very successful launch. In fact, we sold out everything we had planned to and more. Our SmartStax Refuge in the Bag concept will extend this leadership by providing the convenience that growers want, combined with the best technology. And we have the next industry breakthrough, with our DHT family of Traits. We already submitted DHT-stacked corn for regulatory approval in September of last year, and the soybean trait was submitted in December. We will continue hitting all our technology milestones, while increasing channel access through licensing, collaboration and bolt-on seed acquisitions. Combined with the launch of SmartStax and both Refuge in the Bag and DHT on the horizon, we are now on our way to reach our goal of having a $1 billion global corn business and achieving double-digit share of demand in North America. And our collaborations in key row crops will catalyze the growth of the Seeds, Traits and Oil platform. We will move the mix in our portfolio closer to our 50-50 vision versus its 15% level today. We will do this, not by making Ag Chem smaller, but by making Seeds and Traits larger. In summary, we are on track to deliver our targets as we continue growing the top and bottom line in an industry where long-term fundamentals are compelling. We are achieving our new product sales targets and, most importantly, key R&D milestones, while investing in a strong pipeline products and capabilities. Thanks, and back to you, Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Antonio, for sharing your insights regarding Dow AgroSciences' growth. The long-term fundamentals for this sector remains strong, and we will continue to execute our build-and-collaborate strategy. In the time that remains, I'd like to provide some granularity on our expectations for the back half of the year. So let me first start with the ethylene chain. If you look at Slide 22, there's been a great deal of discussion recently regarding the supply-and-demand dynamics of ethylene. From our perspective, fundamentals have not changed. We've long discussed that margins would likely contract in the second half of this year as new capacity comes online, thereby defining the trough. The reality is this new capacity is not ramping up as quickly as some predicted, and this effect, plus unplanned outages which always occur in this industry, coupled with 2010 GDP forecast that continue to project stronger growth than expected, makes for a better-than-expected scenario. And we are seeing that today, evidenced by the strong first half our Polyethylene Business delivered. On Slide 23, you can see that this growth is due to real underlying demand and can be seen in North America at different places in the value chain. At the converter level, railcar days and destination are down about 20% versus the long-term average. And at the producer level, the ACC June data confirmed a 200-million pound draw-down, which dropped inventory by five days. Both are strong proof points that industry inventories remain at low levels. As I mentioned, this underlying demand was evident in our tremendously strong performance in the first half of the year, where we averaged $700 million of EBITDA per quarter. On Slide 24, we had the most competitive Ethylene and Polyethylene business in the industry. Plus, as mentioned last quarter, our U.S. assets will continue to benefit from the unfolding and positive domestic shale gas dynamics. We expect other factors, like new fractionation capacity that is coming online this year and next, to the tune of 7% each year, will even further improve the competitiveness of our U.S. cost position. So while we continue to expect some margin contraction in the second half, we believe these positives will mitigate the downside. As a result, we could see profitability in the Polyethylene business decline by only about $150 million in the third quarter. Our view is that our PE business will be entering peak margin territory over the next few years, and that the exiting from the trough will occur late 2010, early 2011. This decline in polyethylene in the second half, as modest as it is, will be more than made up by our new portfolio of businesses which will capitalize from the ongoing positive macroeconomic fundamentals and increasingly gain market position with new technology offerings and with continued pricing power. On Slide 25, I'd turn you to our overall outlook. With another quarter of top- and bottom-line growth delivered, we are confident that the momentum continues to build in the global economic recovery. Our U.S. macroeconomic view remains guardedly optimistic and we see continued demand growth from both business spending and a slow return of the consumer, albeit at a tempered pace. In other industrialized regions, particularly Europe, monetary stimulus continues to provide support against headwinds, such as tighter fiscal policies. And in the emerging world, especially Asia, we will continue to see strong growth. From a sector perspective, there are many areas of strength: Electronics, consumer staples, food, pharmaceuticals and personal care are all showing signs of growth. And in Electronics, global tech spending will continue to be robust, benefiting from a combination of increased business investment and consumer-led demand as we ramp for the end-of-year buying season. Transportation has been robust and should see a more typical seasonal decline as the industry once again prepares for new model launches. The good news is, year-over-year, we expect continued strength. In Construction, while the commercial sector remains challenged, we expect programs in the U.S, such as Home Star, to provide incentives that will boost residential improvements and drive demand higher. We continue to see this sector as a key indicator to our robust recovery. If you turn to Slide 26, based on these aforementioned strong geographic and sector fundamentals, we expect high demand for our products in our downstream, market-driven businesses, as well as in our Polyethylene business. As you can see, the vast majority of our portfolio is perfectly positioned to capitalize on these trends. And just to mention some specifics for you: our momentum in Electronic Materials continues; we recently started up a new OLED facility and are building a new R&D center, both in Korea. Asia is the largest market for coatings in the world, and we are investing in additional emulsion plants that will meet growing demand. Our new STYROFOAM brand insulation continues to gain market share. And we have received DOE funding to develop the next generation of advanced insulation systems. Also we broke ground on our joint venture manufacturing facility to produce lithium-ion batteries for next-generation hybrid and electric vehicles. Our Elastomers businesses announced today a technology breakthrough that expands capacity for polyolefin elastomers and positions us to take full advantage of future growth.  And just last week, the EU announced that it has approved biotech corn products, enabled by our leading Trait technology for import. And as you heard me say earlier, today, we announced a huge joint venture with one of two world's leading companies going to the next step, how Saudi Aramco partners and ourselves would move to the final stage of engineering design of what would be one the world's largest, freestanding industrial complexes.  These are just few of the many examples that bode well for our ability to outpace the overall economic recovery and drive our earnings growth and reward our shareholders. Let me wrap up, if I can, with our priorities. If you turn to Slide 27 for the second half of the year. We remain focused on executing our strategic and financial plan. From a strategic perspective, we are well ahead of our revenue growth goal and have already exceeded our year-end growth synergy run rate, with more to come. Operationally, we surpassed our commitments to deliver our Rohm and Haas acquisition cost synergies and reduce structural cost. Financially, we exceeded our two-year divestiture goal ahead of schedule and are on track to deliver our net-debt-to-cap and free cash flow targets. In summary, our earnings trajectory continued once again this quarter, with our robust innovation pipeline, our broad geographic reach and our leadership in high-growth, profitable sectors leading the way. We remain focused on realizing the full potential of our new portfolio and lean cost structure, while executing on our innovation engine. We believe we have the plan, the people and the technology to deliver continued earnings growth for our shareholders. I will now turn the call back to Howard.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, Andrew. That wraps up our prepared remarks. For your reference, a copy of these comments will be posted in Dow's website later today. Now we'll move on to your questions. Before we do, though, I'd like to remind you that my comments on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both our prepared remarks and to anything that may come up during the Q&A. Lisa, would you please explain the Q&A procedure?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Andrew, in your Seed business, did you gain share in corn seed this year in North America? And what was the actual amount of your SmartStax acreage sales this year?
Andrew Liveris: One of the best parts of this call is I have Antonio right here. Over to you, Antonio.
Antonio Galindez: In our businesses in corn, it's early because we are waiting for the returns, but we are convinced we have gained share. We have slightly gained share. Remember, we start from a much smaller -- part thanks to SmartStax and thanks to our portfolio today. We have sold everything we have on the SmartStax today. We also gained significant market share in our Cotton business. In the USA, we had 10% market share last year. We believe we have grown more than three points in that market, over 13%. And with Seeds and Traits, volumes have grown 20% this year. So then where we are, we are looking for the launch of our -- consumer launch of SmartStax next year. We think we'll have SmartStax in about close to 50% of our grain hybrids next year. And the challenge in launching a new technology is it takes time to build up the production, but we are very pleased with the results of SmartStax. We haven't disclosed much at this moment, but we are very pleased with the launch this year. We sold everything we had.
David Begleiter: Antonio, in crop chemicals is the pricing pressure, in your view, structural secular or is it just transitory in structure?
Antonio Galindez: I think there are a number of -- I don't think they're structural. I think there are a number of factors that have come together this year. If you take the high inventory level, you take some supply and demand on balances on the commodity side, you take the weather conditions in some places in Europe and North America. You put all that together, and coming from the increases of prices in '08, '09, all that together put even more pressure than what was expected in the pricing markets. So it has been tough this first half, but I don't think it's structural. I think, as we look forward, I think the second half will settle. I think we're going to see still pressure in the second half. But as we get into 2011, I think we'll balance. And then we'll go into what is expected in this segment, which is a more balanced, slow, but growth over the next couple of years as the fundamentals provide. Now in our case, we have the new products. And our new products are helping us to, I would call, outperform the market and grow. And when we look to our EBITDA results, we're very pleased as the growth over '09 and '07.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sergey Vasnetsov with Barclays Capital.
Sergey Vasnetsov: Andrew, once you talked about volume gains, the work quite noticeable, but at the same time quite a bit lower than for many of your other peers. And actually, I was quite pleased to see your results, that even in the absence of strong volume, you were able to deliver the results today that you talked about. Can you comment on this besides others -- just sort of any other factors in this quarter?
Andrew Liveris: Yes. We really, Sergey, there's a couple of major factors here. We had lost sales, as I said, both Bill and I talked about, that does about three percentage points on volume. And STYRON, no one factored that into the forecast, and we sold STYRON close to mid-June. So that's another percentage point. So we would have seen 11% just on a like-and-like basis. If there was, didn't have these unplanned outages. I can't stress enough how strong an impact these unplanned outages were across our chains. Coatings had a great quarter, but actually would have been a much better quarter. I mean, if you look at our other peer groups or even look at downstream from our sub-customers, they all reported strong numbers. Our Coatings numbers were strong, but would have been much stronger, more in line with what they reported, and that alone would've bumped up the volume significantly. Plus plant turnarounds hit us, we would have an operating rate of 6% if we didn't have the plant turnarounds, forgetting the outages themselves. And in fact, if you look at the number of plants that were down through the quarter for various periods of time, 120 of our 600 plants were down, that's a big impact to any company. And I would tell you that, therefore, going forward, we see very good positive volume momentum, so again we are not concerned. These were one-time events. They are over with. We've fixed them. The plants are running safely, as I said on the call. So frankly, as you say, we see the positive of the point even though, of course, it didn't help us in the quarter.
Sergey Vasnetsov: It's good to hear you're being optimistic on Saudi Aramco joint venture. And by the way, congratulations on the progress on this important project. And Dow has also additional premise and large project for coal to chemicals in China. And I'm just wondering, if Dow could undertake both joint projects in the same timeframe hopefully, let's say, 2012 to '15.
Andrew Liveris: Well, I think the most important part of that, thank you for your comment on Aramco, is these are sequenced for different mixes. One is in-market and competitive because of coal, that's the China one. One is export-oriented because of where it's located and access to feedstocks of the oil-and-gas kind. The key on sequencing for us is a equity-like structure and these are building blocks. If we build a PL plant on our own, that's a billion dollars. The fact that we can make it part of an industrial complex where we are partnering, and in the case of Aramco, 35% will go to public. So we'll end up earning 35%. You end up getting more back for your capital, in this case, equity back. So we believe the way it'll sequence is, the next several years, we'll get the Aramco project, the Jubail project, up and running in the mid-part of the decade, and the China project will come in the latter part of the decade.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Mann with Morgan Stanley.
Paul Mann: You mentioned feedstock costs were up $1.6 billion, but prices in your performance products and performance systems were up 23% and 10%, respectively. Could you quantify the EBITDA effect of the feedstock by selling those divisions. And secondly, propane logistics, I believe you've got a new propane dehydrogenation plant starting up. I think it is quarter perhaps even last week or this week, which should be propylene prices have touched. But I believe, you've got a supply contract that may result into cheaper propylene going forward. Can you just talk through that arrangement and what effect that have on your margins going forwards?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, exactly on your first question, Paul. We have a 2% hit to our EBITDA margin based on the situation between price on propylene. The most important thing on propylene is the arbitrage between U.S. and Asia didn't work in our favor in the quarter. You'd normally -- U.S. propylene is discounted by about 20% versus Asia. We have the exactly the inverse through the quarter. Asia propylene stayed artificially low. And in fact, the spread at the beginning of the quarter was $0.21 versus by exiting the quarter was $0.07. So in essence, U.S. propylene was artificially high, and we believe that will return to equilibrium in the third quarter, which will allow margin expansion on our Performance businesses to come through in the Q3 versus what we're expecting in Q2. So we will play catch-up in the third quarter. So that really takes care of the whole issue of margins and Performance businesses in the second quarter. In the third quarter, this whole point you made on the PDH unit, yes, GBP 1.2 billion starting up in August, we're 50% of the offtake. This will help us enormously on propylene competitiveness in the United States and enable us to have margin expansions. And the related effect, the fact that we have this propylene arbitrage, the fact that we didn't have the ability to export to Asia -- also, I heard the previous question on volume, we lost volume in Asia because we couldn't successfully export because of the propylene arbitrage, which was an extra point of Sergey's earlier question. And last but not least, we're taking care of it not just in the U.S. but also in Asia with the start up of our big propylene derivative facility in Thailand next year. So that will take care of that propylene structure imbalance in Asia. All of the remedies are in place and should handle the questions you asked.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Koort: Andrew, is it fair to say based on that prior comment that you would expect all eight cylinders will be firing in the second half of the year?
Andrew Liveris: You can count on my commitment to that point, Bob. I mean, look, I'm not able to stop the unforeseen. So you've got to give me a little bit of respite on a bit of a stutter here, but that cylinder was not there because of unplanned outages and that was really something that, frankly, disappoints. But having said that, we are already past the fix. We won't have any unplanned outages -- we won't have any planned turnarounds in the third quarter of any substance, only a few minor ones compared to the very big ones we had in the second. We, frankly, have the propylene arbitrage in the right direction and unplanned outages are over with. And we've got some allocations still going on, but we are satisfying all the customers we need to satisfy.
Robert Koort: And just to clarify the propylene comment, I guess we saw U.S. prices were marked down very aggressively. Are you suggesting they weren't marked down as aggressively is what happened in Asia?
Andrew Liveris: Correct, exactly what I'm adjusting. And if you look at the comparables for us, year-on-year, propylene was up $300 million sequentially and was up $40 million. So on average, it was up. Now if you do the trajectory for the quarter, the velocity of the propylene price is coming down through the quarter in the U.S., but the average didn't help us. And that particularly hurt because of the Asia number being so much lower than the U.S. number, so we couldn't actually raise prices successfully in Asia at the speed we needed to nor could we export. So we had a double whammy, and I don't believe any of you guys had that in your models. And frankly, our businesses have been block and tackling that throughout the latter part of the quarter and already are on top of it for the third quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Don Carson with Susquehanna International.
Don Carson: I want to follow on Ag with Antonio. Antonio, in your Slide 21, you talked about a longer term goal of 10% share in U.S. corn market. Now you're only about 4% right now. I know you've done some acquisitions. You've got a germplasm venture with DEKALB. But do you have the pieces in place that you need to get from 4% to 10%, or do you need to make a major acquisition? And then just as a housekeeping item, what was the year-over-year impact of the glyphosate downturn on your earnings?
Antonio Galindez: Well, let me go to the second one in a second. But on the seeds, on the corn side, we need to have a few things. The first one is we need to have the best technology available in order to succeed to get to that 10%. We're on our way. We have in SmartStax, we'll have Refuse in a Bag in two years, and we'll have the SmartStax Plus, the best herbicide trait coming, the first one to come in 2012, 2013. So from a technology point of view, I think that we are enabled for that. You take the germplasm, and we are investing significantly. We are very pleased with the advancement we are getting, and we also have the Monsanto exchange of material in germplasm that is coming from this Monsanto exchange [ph]. The bolt-on acquisitions we made, they are performing today. Will we make more? We are looking for them, and we'll continue to look for it. But it's not a major acquisition, what we believe is going to take us to 10% is all these together plus some other collaborations we are doing and so on, is what is going to take us there. We are confident that we'll get there, but then all those things need to happen. And that's the reason we are significantly investing in resources in R&D at this moment in that area. In relation to glyphosate, like we said it took a big hit, that was 50% of the price declines so throughout of this quarter. And obviously, as we told you before, glyphosate for us is 5% to 10% of our sales. But the price drop was significant, and it took 50% off of our numbers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Butler with Glenhill Investments.
Peter Butler: Well, if you guys are hitting on all eight cylinders, does that mean we can expect a restoration of the dividend? The Dow's stock and the dividend are well below previous levels.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, Peter, the dividend question has had discussion with our board. We are clearly, clearly very mindful at the board. This is a board decision that we are not where we need to be long term. Having said that, our primary responsibility has been, of course, to ensure that our capital ratios are intact. Our balance sheet is intact, and the economic growth that we are now starting to see is intact. And I believe the power of the portfolio as you look at the next year or two will enable your question to be answered in the affirmative. I can't promise that, but that's certainly something that is top of mind for the reasons you raised.
William Weideman: Peter, Bill Weideman. Just to add to Andrew's point, our priority continues to be, first priority, to pay down debt. But if you look at our EBITDA for the quarter and you adjust for these, our actual EBITDA was closer to a $2 billion number, and if it does continue, going forward, with the economy, we certainly have a lot more options going into next year.
Peter Butler: Your press release noted that the Rohm and Haas integration was going -- was seamless, I guess, was the way you put it. And talking to some of my Rohm and Haas sources, it looks like almost all of Rohm and Haas' key managers have left. Obviously, including Pierre Brondeau and Raj Gupta, but also their key top associates. And maybe the results short term is you have better earnings due to cost reductions. But in a people-intensive business, this could be a huge problem longer term.
Andrew Liveris: I would agree with you Peter. If these individuals that left and each one of them was an individual decision, it was a sign of something bigger. But if you look at Guillermo Novo running, for example, our Coatings business today; Carol Eicher, running our Building Solutions business; if you look at Neil Carr, who is running our Adhesives and Functional Polymers business and Packaging business, these are just three names on top of my head of legacy Rohm and Haas' who have stayed with the new division, who are firmly believing in the potential and the growth of the division. I could go on more. Cathie Markham in our Electronics division. I could go to Dominic Yang in our Electronics division as well. I mean, I can give you name, chapter and verse of all the people who've stayed. In fact, of the top 70 leaders of Dow's Advanced Materials division, 50% of them are legacy Rohm and Haas. High-profile departures will always happen. Company outsize, we will always lose good people because of the nature of being a good company. It's happened. In your generation, you saw Enrique Sosa left, if I recall. So good people will leave for their reasons. Pierre wanted to be a CEO. He's doing a great job over where he is, and I can go on and on. We are not concerned. In fact, we are over delivering on the growth synergies.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Hirt from Citi.
John Hirt: Just a quick question on Electronics. You're pricing was down about 1% year-over-year. Can you shed some light on which areas saw the biggest price declines?
Andrew Liveris: It's pretty much, I mean, I don't think -- Howard, unless you've got some adds on this one -- I don't think we saw anything notable.
Howard Ungerleider: No, I would say -- I mean, John, it's really normal for that segment to have essentially flat pricing. So what happens is it's a fairly quick life cycle business. As you know, every two or three years, we're changing over the whole product wheel. And what happens is we bring in new products at higher price, and then over time, as those products mature, they come off, but nothing out of the ordinary in line.
John Hirt: And your volume growth in Electronics was pretty strong. Again, your volumes were up about 5% in Asia. Can you talk about what maybe drove that?
Andrew Liveris: Well, I mean, we had some pretty big new wins in Semiconductor Technologies, Interconnect Technologies. And interestingly enough, some of these wins in new complete product areas don't show up yet as big volumes but they will. And if you look at some of the things that are going on in Asia, I mean, we've expanded our Trimethylgallium capacity. You won't see that volume yet, but it's about to start up. We also have wins going on in the photoresist area with the 193 [nm anti-reflectant] in particular. In those applications, you won't see that turning up. I think that's the sort of stuff that we're so excited about. We have Electronics at 30% EBITDA margins without being at the volume levels they were two years ago with all these new wins going on. We are defending our CMP business. We've kept our 80% share there very successfully, but it's pretty hard to grow from an 80% share point. So real volume gains in Asia, in particular, from the new businesses.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, and John, just to follow up, to give you a little bit more granularity. Electronics Materials in China was up 32%.
Andrew Liveris: But the big business we have is in particular in Korea and Japan and Taiwan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin McCarthy with Bank of America.
Kevin McCarthy: Andrew, in addition to the Aramco joint venture in Saudi, you announced a fairly sizable chlor-alkali JV with Mitsui at Freeport. Just wondering if you could comment on the strategic rationale there, and whether or not that is likely to replace some existing capacity to be rationalized on the Gulf. And second piece of it if I may, with regard to your existing chlor-alkali assets, should we expect Dow to seek a partner for those businesses as well?
Andrew Liveris: The strategy is very clear, and that is we basically backed our way into a large complex in Freeport and a smaller complex in Plaquemine, Louisiana, and those two complexes exist in chlor-alkali to serve our downstream businesses like Antonio's. 70% now of our chlorine footprint with this announcement will do that. The 30% that doesn't overtime, you can expect to see us find answers to that in an asset-like, equity-like construct. And so over time, we'll see more of that in developed geographies, in particular like our North American assets I just mentioned, but also our European assets where we own 100%. And we are backing out of merchant EDC, and we only are in EDC for flywheel purposes or to serve downstream VCM/PVC customers like the Shintech's, like the Mitsui's. So our intent is to keep driving to the point you're making, use the chlorine and have a competitive chlorine molecule for our downstream value-add businesses.
Operator: Next question comes from Frank Mitsch with BB&T Capital Markets.
Frank Mitsch: Andrew, you don't need me to tell you that Dow has a great reputation on operating of assets. So it's very surprising to see a $0.07 negative impact due to unplanned outages. Can you comment further on the timing of those outages? I mean, here we are in August, I know you said everything's back up and running. But was there some leakage into the third quarter? And was that $0.07 negative impact, was that predominantly in Basic Plastics? I think you said maybe Coatings also had some of that. Can you give some more color on those outages?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, I would say Frank, and thank you for your comment on Dow's operational excellence, and I would totally 100% on the line that we are very focused on these particular incidents as onetimers for very onetime reasons. If I take the three major ones, the Baha Blanca incident was totally based on water shortage, nothing to do with plant operating. The site could not get water. So we were down for a month of the quarter, which is a big impact for us in Latin America. And actually, if you look at our results in Latin America, outside of that, we did great in Latin America. But it's just such a big part of our business down there. So as a consequence, that one had nothing to do with operational excellence. The other two, we had a very unfortunate incident in one of the heat exchangers in the phenol plant, very tough duty. Actually, hasn't happened to us before, so we did the root cause. It's fixed, but that affected the entire downstream Coatings chain. And then the biggie was the MMA [methyl methacrylate] incident that we had down in Deer Park. Now Deer Park is the only legacy Rohm and Haas site that is a petrochemical site. Frankly, we've had to pull all of our people over Deer Park to let it run to its potential. And that's why safety first, pound second. We've take taken the opportunity to root-cause investigate not only MMA but the entire acrylics production units there so that they run to Dow's standards. And that's, in essence, what answers that question. They're all onetimers, 2/3 Performance, 1/3 PE. So the impact was in Coatings and Infrastructure in particular, but also in the other Performance Products. We believe the $315 million [ph] loss revenue, as a consequence, is a onetimer.
Frank Mitsch: And that was all in the second quarter?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, sir.
Frank Mitsch: And then in terms of these very strong results on the Basic Plastics side, you talked a little bit about JVs in other areas. Can you give an update on potential JV activity on the Basic commodity side?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, we have, as we said on the last call, we are definitely very interested in a PE asset-like, equity-like strategy for the right reasons, for the right partner, for the right competitive advantage on existing assets and new assets. The Aramco announcement is a new asset. The Kuwait investment, the expansion down there is a new asset. But over time, we believe our relationships with those two places as well as other places will yield an opportunity for us in polyethylene-existing assets. We are driven to get an answer there, but we have a newfound competitive advantage with U.S. shale gas that helps us. Once we execute that strategy, we will do it at the highest possible valuation going into peak earnings rather than living through trough earnings. So you'd expect us to time it better and right versus right now. And it will help tilt our portfolio more to specialty, which will decline the volatility of the portfolio.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: It seems that the largest difference between your results and results of comparable companies is the growth in Latin America and Asia. Even if your Asian results are dimmed down by a couple of percent, most companies are reporting 25% to 40% volume growth. And in Latin America, most companies were reporting 15% plus and you said that your Electronics business is doing exceptionally well. So what's really the source of the slowness in these regions compared to North America and Europe where you seem to be doing better than your competitors?
Andrew Liveris: Actually, if you exclude our incidents, the ones that I just referenced in the previous call, Latin America, I mean, you take Latin America Electronics, and if you look at it versus the same quarter, or year-on-year, 27% up. If you look at Coatings and Infrastructure, 14% up. Performance Systems, 22% up. Even Performance Products, that had some of the issues, 13% up. So truly, Latin America was very impacted, Jeff, by the polyethylene issue with Baha Blanca. If you look at China, Electronics, up 32% as Howard already referenced. There, we had more of an impact than we did in Latin America because we have less in-market assets. So the big export opportunities that were propylene derivatives, acrylics, polyurethanes, epoxies, were all very tilted to be impacted in the emerging world where we import those products in. As I've mentioned already, our Thai complex and ultimately, our Saudi complex, should take care of that because these assets are dedicated for the Asian growth. But we were disproportionately affected compared to our competitors because of, in particular in Asia, this propylene arbitrage I mentioned.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: What was the operating cash flow in the quarter,
Andrew Liveris: Bill?
William Weideman: The cash flow from operations in the quarter was, from operating activities, was $1.2 billion and our free cash flow was a little north of $600 million, which is about $1 billion improvement over the same quarter last year and also prior quarter. And we actually did use operating cash flow to pay down the $1.9 billion debt in the second quarter.
Operator: And our last question comes from Hassan Ahmed with Alembic Global.
Hassan Ahmed: Quick question about the commodity side of the business. Of late, we've been hearing, obviously, a fair bit about Iran in particular. And the couple of stories that seem to be coming out are first and foremost trade sanctions, obviously reduced trade because of that. Secondly, issues of companies with regards to garnering letters of credit and the like. And finally, of late, we've been starting to hear about potentially a privatization of MPC. And if at all that happens, the escalation of the gas price regime over there. So now as one thinks through all these different elements, in your mind how do all these things sort of click together when thinking about near and medium terms for the supply-demand balances?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, I think all the points you made, not to repeat them, we would agree with Hassan. And on top of that, add an extra point which is implied in your question, which is at the end of the day, competitive price gas and therefore, ethane in the Middle East has a very short time frame. Now when you look at crackers being announced in that part of the world, there will be mixed speed crackers and using NGLs and maybe naptha. As a consequence of that, you're going to find that everyone's going to start having a rising tide on gas and ethane price. And the MPC privatization and changing the gas price structure there, which we believe is also inevitable, will change the -- if you like the competitiveness of those crackers vis-a-vis product making its way either to Europe, and in particular to in-market crackers in Asia, in particular in China. So I believe that's why our Aramco joint venture is so important. It's really going to be one of the last large complexes. And the way we designed that with Aramco is to tilt the Performance businesses, propylene oxide, epichlorohydrin, acrylic acid, all these businesses that are building blocks that can take advantage of the competitive feedstock being both gas, NGLs and some naptha. I think there will be less and less of that available out of the Middle East.
Hassan Ahmed: And a quick, quick follow-up, again, sticking to the region. This morning, there was some sort of speculation about the Kuwaitis looking at BP's chemical assets. Now as one thinks about that, how should we think about your arbitration that's going on over there or even potentially the Kuwaitis revisiting K-Dow?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, I can't speculate on a speculation. I think you'd appreciate that Hassan, but we're in very good joint venture partners with the Kuwaitis. We have this issue, which is being arbitrated. We're still very positive about that. We believe we have a strong case. It doesn't affect our existing assets there. It's being done with all the right procedures. And early next year, we should have an outcome. And of course, as Kuwait PIC seeks to expand, we always get asked and talked to, and it has to fit our strategy up to and inclusive of whether they want to buy into any of our assets.
Howard Ungerleider: Okay. Thanks, Hassan. We're going to have to end the Q&A at this point. I'd like to turn it over to Andrew just to make a couple of closing comments.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, I would just wrap up by thanking everyone for the call and the questions. We believe that we had some issues in the quarter. We weren't very happy with them. We did fix them. We also believe we had a strong quarter. We actually looked at all of our key indicators. We had momentum in demand, margins, EBITDA, cash flows, synergies. Advanced Materials is outperforming. Our synergies are ahead of schedule. We have good strength in a lot of our other businesses including Basics. So I would say to you that going into the next quarter, we believe the outlook is good. Our business is strong, and we have marginal momentum and we can deliver on the R&D and innovation promise of this new portfolio. So I would say that we've got the issues behind us, and we're into the second half of the year with strength.
Howard Ungerleider: All right. Thanks, Andrew, and thanks to all of you for joining us this morning. We appreciate your interest as always in The Dow Chemical Company, and we look forward to speaking with you more soon.
Operator: And that concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to The Dow Chemical Companys first quarter 2010 earnings results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Howard Ungerleider, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks Karen. Good morning everyone and welcome. As usual, we're making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Jerome Peribere, President and Chief Executive Officer of Dow Advanced Materials; and David Johnson, Director of Investor Relations. Around 6.30 this morning, April 28th, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and was posted on the Internet at Dow's Website, dow.com. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. The slides are posted on our Website on the presentations page of the Investor Relations section or through the link to our webcast. As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our Website. Our earnings release as well as our recent SEC filings are available on the Internet at dow.com. The agenda for today's call is on slide three. Now, I would like to hand the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you Howard. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us to discuss our first quarter results. To get you to turn to slide four, if I could sum up the quarter in just a few words, it would be this. We are a company that continues to deliver on its commitments and we believe the outperformance in the first quarter represents a pivotal point in demonstrating the earnings power of the new Dow. The benefits of staying true to our strategic agenda are clear and we are proving it quarter after quarter. Our results once again showed the merits of our strategy in several key ways, starting with our broad-based topline growth and significant EBITDA margin expansion. Let me summarize a few high-level takeaways from the quarter. Operating earnings were $0.43 per share, up significantly from $0.11 per share in the first quarter of last year. Sales were up a robust 33% year-over-year on a pro forma basis, and excluding divestitures driven by significant improvements in both price and volume. And on a sequential basis, our growth continued as well, with sales up 8% over the fourth quarter, pointing to a strengthening global recovery. Another very encouraging sign was our volume growth in both North America and Europe, each up an impressive 11% compared with last year. Emerging geographies grew as well, with volume up 27% on a year-over-year basis. In fact, volume in China was up an impressive 46%. All of this pushed our global operating rate to levels not seen since the second quarter of 2008, and our manufacturing momentum improved as the quarter progressed, despite several unplanned outages. EBITDA increased $877 million versus the same quarter last year and was up more than 60% in the combined performance segments. EBITDA margin expanded both year-over-year and sequentially at the enterprise level. And finally, our joint ventures continued to outperform with equity earnings up more than $200 million year-over-year, reaching a record $304 million driven by performance at Dow Corning, EQUATE, and MEGlobal. Let me turn to slide 5. We stayed true to our strategic path and in fact made great progress on our key milestones. Financially, we are delivering on the earnings power of the new portfolio, especially in our performance businesses and in emerging geographies. Operationally, we delivered cost reductions of $275 million in the first quarter. We remained well ahead of plan and are currently on an annual run rate of $1.8 billion, which is ahead of our commitments. Strategically, we exceeded our growth synergy targets by delivering $530 million in revenue on a run rate basis, while at the same time, we maintained our commitment to growth, increasing our investment in research and development by 10%. We also made substantial progress in achieving our goal to divest $2 billion of non-strategic assets in 2010 and remain on track to deliver $5.5 billion in divestments in just 12 months, more than our commitment of $5 billion and in half the time. On slide 6, as most of you know, we signed a definitive agreement to sell the Styron division for just over $1.6 billion. Additionally, this deal includes supply and service contracts that would generate substantial value for Dow in the neighborhood of $400 million. This brings the total value of the deal to more than $2 billion, the high end of our stated target for 2010. The value reflects what we consider an excellent multiples of over eight times EBITDA. The sale of Styron will be our fifth non-core divestments since April of 2009 all at favorable multiples. On slide 7, another feature of our earnings call has been to exhibit the tracking tool that provides a look into industry and market demand trends across our geographic footprint. This look underscores the unique view we have into the emerging global economic recovery based on our participation and the value chain of a vast array of industries and end markets. And the picture is bright. On slide 8, starting with an operating segment view, volume was up across virtually all of our businesses. And we are seeing increased demand in a wide variety of end markets, most of which are tied to consumer spending, electronics, appliances and other durable goods and furniture, as long as consumer staples, all showed strong growth. In addition, the automotive sector in North America is improving and in Asia, its accelerating. And finally, there is increased demand in our water business, which drove improved results in specialty materials. These trends are particularly relevant, given their alignment with a global mega trends that will drive our long-term performance and demonstrate that our new portfolio is very well positioned. As you can see on the right of the slide, infrastructure stimulus spending still hasnt found its way through many value chains and commercial construction and developed regions continues to lag. But some good news is that the housing segment seems to have finally come off with historic lows. On slide 9, turning now to a geographic look, we see a similar story with a few lingering challenges. We have our eye on high unemployment in developed regions, but we have seen positive signs that job markets have stabilized. The potential for access in credit bubbles in emerging geographies and lingering concerns surrounding sovereign debt in southern Europe could both be potential drags on global growth. However, these factors are clearly outweighed by the strengths that we are seeing. The overall global economic environment is on a stronger footing, with a highlight being significant demand growth in Europe and North America. In addition, the step change in the relevant cost position of US Gulf Coast natural gas provides even further strength for Dow. Finally, continuing rapid growth in emerging geographies led by China where demand as I said was up an impressive 46% was driven primarily by growing domestic consumption. In summary, Dows vast portfolio and broad geographic reach provide us with a unique perspective on the trends that are shaping the global economic recovery. I would now like to turn the call over to Bill who will give you some more details on how these trends drove our results in the quarter.
Bill Weideman: Thank you Andrew. Lets begin with a detailed review of our first quarter results on slide 10. Reported sales were $13.4 billion, an increase of 49% over the same period last year and 8% higher than the fourth quarter of 2009. On a pro forma basis and excluding divestitures, year-over-year sales were up 33%, driven by volume growth of 16% and increase of price of 17%. EBITDA excluding certain items was up on a year-over-year basis by $877 million to $1.8 billion. On a sequential basis, EBITDA was up $356 million, an impressive increase considering that we had some margin compression in our performance businesses due to the rapid run-up in propylene costs. Earnings excluding certain items were $0.43 per share. The current quarter included $0.02 per share unfavorable impact for certain items. Details for these items are included in the appendix. Our effective tax rate was 15.7%, in line with the 15% to 20% range we committed previously. The year-over-year increase in corporate was due in part to the inclusion of Morton Salts results in the first quarter of last year. Our current quarter results also included higher performance share compensation and increased participation in our employee stock purchase program. We view this as a positive as it aligns the interest of our employees with those of our shareholders. For modeling purposes, you should expect corporate to run in the range of $150 million to $250 million per quarter. Moving to slide 11, overall volume growth versus the same quarter last year was 16% on a pro forma basis, excluding divestitures, with our Combined Performance segments delivering an impressive 19% increase. We also achieved price gains in nearly all segments and double digit increases across all geographies. Price was up an impressive 16% in North America and 24% in Europe. On a sequential basis, price was up in all geographic regions with the exception of Europe. Again, North America showed strength with gains of 8%. Volume was up 4% versus the fourth quarter of last year, with particular strength in both North America and Europe. Now, lets take a look at how the company performed on a segment level starting on slide 14. In Electronic and Specialty Materials, volume was up 31% compared to the first quarter of 2009. In fact, volume in our electronic materials business was up 55% year-over-year. This reflects increased demand in memory, logic and display technologies. Our semiconductor technologies are capturing share as this sector continues to recover. We also are seeing substantial growth in the demand for water applications as these fundamental markets recovery, contributing to substantial improvement in EBITDA margins across specialty materials. In Coatings and Infrastructure, volume increased 16% excluding divestitures, while price was up 5%. Emerging regions were driving increased demand while commercial construction continued to represent a challenge in North America and Europe. We are however seeing global improvements in residential construction end markets. I think its important to highlight that excluding divestitures, EBITDA in this segment actually improved year-over-year. We also increased R&D spending as we moved the investment in our POWERHOUSE Solar Shingle program into the business this quarter, as we are getting closer to commercialization. Taking both of these points into consideration, EBITDA actually improved 8%. In acrylic-based Architectural Coatings business generated a solid EBIT-to-margin of around 15%. Coatings in infrastructure should see further margin improvement as the businesses continue to work aggressively to recapture price related to more than 25% sequential increase in propylene combined with seasonal volume increases. Moving to Health and Ag Sciences, both price and volume were down slightly on a year-over-year basis, due to continued oversupply of glyphosate. This segment still holds significant growth potential looking forward. Our new Ag Chem molecules continue to gain traction, our seeds, traits and oil flag points continue to grow and the introduction of SmartStax corn hybrids is continuing to meet our expectations. In Performance Systems, volumes increased 27%, with increases in all geographies and business units primarily driven by Dow Automotive, which benefited from increases in automotive demand in North America and Asia and robust elastomer demand in all geographies through the continued strength in food packaging, a sector that has been extremely resilient during the recent economic downturn. Finally, on this slide, you can see the primary driver, Performance Products, which posted volume gains of 27% excluding divestitures and price gains of 14%. Volume was up in all geographies in business units driven by consumer-led demand growth in polyurethanes, and growth in appliance end markets driven by government incentives and energy-efficient standards. Slide 16 details the performance of our Basic Plastics segment. Sales increased 49% year-over-year and EBITDA was $718 million for the quarter. Volume and price increases in polyethylene were the largest contributors. Here, operating rates were high in the quarter, enabling the business to focus on price. And finally, in Basic Chemicals, volume increased 16% and price increased 6%. The major drivers in performance in this segment were an increase in demand for caustic soda in North America due to the strength in the aluminum industry and the fourth consecutive quarter of price increases in vinyl chloride monomer which more than offset volume declines. Now, turning to slide 17, another high point in the quarter was equity earnings. We have rebounded strongly over the past five quarters, and now exceed pre-recession levels. In the first quarter, we delivered a record $304 million in equity earnings, more than $200 million year-over-year. Turning to slide 18, our focus on financial discipline continued in the quarter, with tight control on working capital. Our CapEx spending was under $300 million in the quarter. However I would like to point that the first quarter is typically a low quarter for us in terms of capital spending, and we do anticipate an increase next quarter due to scheduled turnarounds. It is important to know that due to the adoption of a new accounting standard in the first quarter, (ASU) 2009-17, previously referred to as FAS 167. Our investment in our Thailand joint venture will be recognized as CapEx going forward, springing our total spending closer to $2 billion for the year. However, I would also like to point that, this change will not increase our actual cash outflows. Cash flow from operations was slightly higher in the quarter versus a year ago, and remember, our receivables are higher as a result of our higher sales and we experienced a normal inventory build in our seasonal businesses. We remain on track to generate $1.5 billion in free cash flow in 2010. Our net debt-to-capital rose slightly in the quarter, due to the adoption of a new accounting standards I just previously mentioned, changing the accounting treatment for some of our liabilities. Despite this change, we remained committed to achieving our 2010 goal of 45% net debt-to-total cap by yearend. With the increase of our profitability this quarter, our net debt-to-EBITDA multiple improved by half a point to 3.2 and we are on a run rate of 2.8 exiting the quarter. I would also like to highlight, we continue to make meaningful progress on our cost synergy and restructuring goals, achieving $275 million in total cost reduction for the quarter and achieving an annualized run rate of $1.8 billion. That wraps up my review of the details for the quarter, and I will pass it back to Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you Bill. I would now like to spend a few minutes discussing the growth potential of the new Dow. This is clearly the central element of our strategy and our story. We have the right portfolio, the right geographic footprint and the right innovation pipeline and I want to emphasize, we have all of this today. So, I would like to share with you a new and actually more granular look at our innovation pipeline and update you on the growth synergies we are realizing in our portfolio. So, please turn to slide 19 where you will see we currently have more than 500 projects in our innovation playbook, and these are strategically aligned with our four mega trends. This impressive playbook is supported by our significant investment in research and development which should yield another $1.6 billion. This investment is aimed squarely at the intersection of societys greatest needs and business opportunities. Our innovation pipeline represents $30 billion on a non-risk adjusted NPV basis. Consistent with our strategy and as you would expect, you see the pipeline is most robust in our performance segments. On slide 20, when you look at it from a stage day perspective, you can see that we have no shortage of new projects at the early stage of our pipeline, but equally exciting is how many are at advanced stage and near commercialization. We have a very rigorous process to ensure our programs deliver commercial success. On a risk-adjusted basis, these programs represent $12.5 billion of net present value and as you can see, the value is clearly tilted to implementation. On slide 21, I will give you a few examples of some of the innovation projects that are yielding results today. Firstly, we have successfully commercialized next-generation STYROFOAM Brand Insulation in North America, which provides customers the same great performance with a much improved and better than alternative products environmental profile. Our proprietary technology was the result of a multi-year effort led by one of our researchers who by the way was recognized as a co-recipient for his contributions with a 2007 Nobel Prize. The technology gives us a significant competitive advantage in the marketplace, which is reflected in our first quarter results. In our electronics business, we opened up a new display materials manufacturing facility late last year in Korea. This plant was fully operational in the first quarter, which was critical to meet increasing demand for display chemicals and OLED materials to very fast-growing areas of the industry. This new capacity came on at a good time, as Asian panel manufacturers are now running at full capacity. And in our polyurethanes business, we launched a new technology that delivers productivity gains for our key appliance customers, including energy savings and productivity efficiency while lowering their raw material consumption. We are gaining market share as a result, in fact Haier, one of the worlds largest appliance manufacturers recently recognized Dow with a Best Strategic Supplier Award, thanks in part to this technology. When you turn to slide 22 and look at acquisition-related growth synergies, we are capturing tangible value from a range of new market opportunities. Let me just give you a few examples. We have landed a new long-term multi-year agreement with a strategic customer, we gained new sales for acrylic monomers with an industry-leading adhesives producer. We developed new solutions in Latin America that enhanced oil and gas production. We generated new biocide cells for water treatment applications. We secured higher margin higher value PO derivatives businesses in the food sector through focused marketing. We invented new novel polyolefin disbursement base technology that has been adopted by leading global consumer products company. There are many more examples and most of these have enabled us to achieve the $530 million in revenue already on a run rate basis, which already surpasses our full year 2010 goal. These growth projects clearly illustrate how the acquisition of Rohm and Haas provided the perfect opportunity to renew our existing customer relationships, jumpstart innovation and build stronger partnerships. Our commercial activities have been re-energized not just in advanced materials, but across the entire enterprise. And this mindset is proliferating through every part of our company, enabling us to grow faster and more profitably. No way is this more evident than in Dow Advanced Materials division where an entrepreneurial spirit is striving. Thats one of the primary reasons we chose Jerome Peribere to run this division. As the former head of Dow AgroSciences, he led an organization that today is one of Dows most profitable growth-oriented businesses. This is a perfect time to ask him to talk about some of the key drivers of growth in his portfolio.
Jerome Peribere: Thank you Andrew. In Dow Advanced Materials, we drive an empowered culture where every employee has an own mindset and is accountable for delivering results while building a new and valuable technology pipeline and channel to market that sustain our future growth. My comments today will only scratch the surface of our progress, but we are hosting an investor event next month where we will have an even richer discussion of Dow Advanced Materials and our winning formula for growth, and I would invite you to turn on to slide 23, where you will see that our businesses served a broad and diverse range of high growth end markets, their recognized leaders in their respective industries. These businesses employ a model that focuses on technology-intensive innovations and high-touch customer service. I am proud to say that we have made tremendous progress in creating a formidable portfolio of high growth and high margin businesses. As you know, we gained from Rohm and Haas, in impressive electronics business, an industry-leading acrylics platform for strong customer intimacy model and a large and growing presence in Asia. To this, we are Dow strong industrial coatings position and we blended our industry-leading water businesses, our building and construction franchises and our vast geographic reach and hitting power. Last year, our division had sales in excess of $9 billion, representing about 20% of Dows total sales, and contributing almost a third of total Dows EBITDA. I would like to touch upon some of the key business drivers for growth and profitability and invite you to turn to slide 24. Dow Electronic Materials is a leading producer of technologies that enable the production of memory chips, displays, and other critical components that power todays electronic devices. The business is strongly tied to demand for consumer electronics devices, which has rebounded significantly this year. In fact, this business is already operating at peak profitability despite volumes that are 20% below normalized levels. Our technology position and speed to market led to several significant wins in the quarter, with leading global memory and logic manufacturers as well as display producers. Turning now on to our Building and Construction business, which like the broader Dow have substantially reduced its cost base, while continuing to invest in innovation. Since 2006, this business has increased average revenue per single family housing starts in the US by some 80%, benefiting from increasing regulations and product innovation. And in the high growth regions like China, we recently launched our external insulation finishing system, which enhances energy performance and lowers overall installation costs. Dow Coating Materials is the worlds largest supplier of coating raw materials to the global paint and coating industry. This business holds the broadest range of coating chemistries in the world, and the largest ever commitment in the industry. You can see this already in our ultra low-VOC formulations. Todays technologies cannot offer ultra low-VOC and deliver the performance properties that customers expect. Our tremendous expertise in emulsion polymers and high support R&D capabilities has led to rapid ultra low-VOC innovations that meet demanding performance requirements and are now in the hands of many customers. We expect to revolutionize the coating industry in the next five years, thanks to major additions to our technology toolkits. On slide 25, our coating business isnt the only area where we see the benefits of addressing environmental trends. Dow Adhesives and Functional Polymers is meeting demand for more lightweight and biodegradable packaging materials. This business increased penetration of water-based lamination adhesives and is very well positioned to meet the industrys demand to move from solvent-based materials. And we are further strengthening our portfolio in the global packaging arena by leveraging expertise from other areas in Dow that also touched this very large and growing sector. Expect to hear more about this as the year progresses. And finally, our large Specialty Materials portfolio serves markets ranging from food and nutrition to household care moving to biocides. You may know that this business is best for the industry-leading water portfolio. This is an area where we have created the worlds largest reverse osmosis membrane and ion exchange business. The benefits of our technology have already been rewarded in the marketplace, and considerably about half of the worlds largest membrane desalination plant that have started up in the last two years are using Dow technology. On slide 26, we have a broad portfolio of innovations valued at more than $7 billion NPV. We will provide a very detailed review of our Advance Materials portfolio at our sector day on May 18th in Philadelphia. And I hope that you will be able to join us and take advantage of this opportunity to see examples of our growth projects and hear directly from our business and technology leaders. Dow Advanced Materials is an incredibly exciting place to be right now, and I hope you will watch us closely in the months and quarters to come.
Andrew Liveris: Thanks very much, Jerome. I would like you to turn to slide 27, because I really would love to mention Dow Corning, which is another key growth driver for our electronics and specialty materials operating segment. Dow Corning has been growing its topline in a robust pace, 10% per year for the last 10 years. Now, you can understand why we are excited about the future of this joint venture, when you consider Dow Cornings leading global silicones position and the tremendous growth of its polysilicone joint venture, Hemlock Semiconductor. Due in large part to strong fundamentals in the solar industry, Hemlocks capacity will have expanded by more than 10 times by 2015. Dow Corning will also be a part of the Advanced Materials sector day in Philadelphia. So, thats one more reason for you to attend. Please turn to slide 28 where I am going to now turn to our outlook. The global economy is showing signs of a meaningful recovery, including the most significant piece of new information is the robust improvement we have seen in North America and Europe. Two geographic areas that until now have lagged the recovery of the world economy. Our 27% sales growth in North America and 35% growth in Europe are compelling proof points that economic recovery is now underway in these areas. These numbers are even more impressive when you consider that volume gains comprised of full 11% of the growth in each region showing that demand is indeed returning. Broad-based strength in many sectors of North America such as electronics to automotive to furniture shows a sustainable upturn is emerging. Even housing starts have shown more positive signs in recent weeks, as new home sales surged to 27% in March, the highest gains in more than 40 years. Also new orders for durable US manufactured goods excluding transportation posted the largest gains in more than two years last month. Strength in all of these sectors illustrates that the consumer is finally returning. The story for emerging geographies is strong growth continuing at a robust pace. Volume growth of 27% versus one year ago, with China, Brazil, Eastern Europe and South East Asia and India leading the way. In fact, volume growth as we have already said in Greater China was an impressive 46%. This strong performance coupled with a recovering demand in North America and Europe is driving notable manufacturing momentum and bode particularly well for Dow. We recognized there are some continuing challenges, especially in the construction industry and unemployment and tight credit conditions continue to weigh on consumer sentiment. However, to date, these have been balanced by improving consumer and business spending. So, our outlook is one of the strengthening global economic environment with increasing signs of sustained growth. We saw the results of this growth in the first quarter through both volume growth and margin expansion, driven by our new portfolio and the benefits of our significant cost reduction efforts. And as we turn to our priorities in the coming quarter, we will continue to remain focused on delivering our commitments. This means maintaining operational and financial discipline, further strengthening our balance sheet, and investing for growth. Our actions to deliver our new portfolio with a lean cost structure and reinvigorated innovation engine coupled with our strong presence in emerging geographies lead are poised to deliver continued earnings momentum. This quarter was indeed a pivotal point and given the world of glimpse of our earnings power, and of the constant and consistent progress we are making in driving our strategic agenda forward. Quarter-after-quarter, we are displaying the new Dow, a Dow that delivers earnings growth for its shareholders. Stay tuned as we continue to demonstrate the power of this new company. I will now turn the call back to Howard.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks Andrew. That wraps up our prepared remarks. For your reference, a copy of these comments will be posted on Dows Website later today. Now, we will move to your questions. Before we do though, I would like to remind you that my comments on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both our prepared remarks and anything that may come up during the Q&A. Karen, would you please explain the Q&A procedure.
Operator: (Operator instructions) We will take our first question from P. J. Juvekar with Citi.
P. J. Juvekar: Good morning.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning PJ.
P. J. Juvekar: You know, Andrew, with shale gas keeping natural gas prices low in the US, wouldnt K-Dow be more valuable now due to this advantage and how are you communicating this advantage to the potential buyers?
Andrew Liveris: Clearly, as we referenced in the call, PJ, the performance of our polyethylene business is indeed impressive and there is a couple of reasons for that, not the least the one you raised, which is US natural gas and of course ethane has decoupled from naphthalene and oil and that arbitrage is now been open for a while and if you go into the next several years and you take the shale gas production that will come online in this country, then that in our view is a sustainable advantage for some years. The consequence of that is that US natural gas will start to stabilize, be less volatile as will indeed natural gas liquids. This will still not be competitive versus the Middle East. The Middle East has the lowest cost of natural gas in ethane, but when you throw on top of that, the notion that the Middle East is running out of natural gas liquid production and ethane in particular, it is mostly dry gas with the exception of Iran, then the US production base and the US asset base that is in market and it has flexibility of cracker feed stocks which ours does. Ours is the most flexible in the industry, then it has an advantage getting market and therefore has made the business and the assets more valuable for the foreseeable future. That value is being demonstrated in the results. Even though these are trough like conditions, the business is earning four to five times what is earned in the 01 and 02 trough, which is a spectacular statement, not the least of the reason being that we are relying less and less in exports, although of course export windows open and close based on this newfound arbitrage could be more sustainable. How are we communicating it? Well, we are pacing ourselves, because we have earned the right to do the right transaction at the right time, even though the strategy is exactly the way we wanted to be, to be a more predictable earnings growth company, the up and down of the cyclicality of that business is something that hurts that. The fact that this business is earning this much money has made the business more valuable and we are definitely taking our time in structuring the right deal. We have got that right. How this unfolds over the next many quarters, will be really driven by maximizing the value that you alluded to in your question. And ultimately the answer to your question is a resounding yes, that has been proved and increase the value of our franchise.
P. J. Juvekar: And just a follow-up on that, as we are telling benefits by the same token, propylene is getting hurt, and you buy a lot of propylene over Rohm and Haas business, so can you size for us the ethylene advantage versus propylene disadvantage?
Andrew Liveris: Well, propylene as you well know, there are several ways to get there, refinery-based propylene clearly being one of the key ones in the United States, which usually makes the US propylene along. What of course is happened over these many years is that you go to a light of feedstock that propylene coming out of crackers reduces, and therefore potentially especially with declining refinery margins, propylene would go short, which it in fact has started to do. Now, as we look at the outlook for propylene, we see actually these supply demand balances improving, particularly in the third quarter, and one of the biggest reasons for that is the worlds largest propane dehydro unit in Texas will come online and produce on-purpose propylene. Propylene dehydro is prevalent is elsewhere around the world, notably in the Middle East, but for it to be prevalent here in the US decouples propylene and remember, we actually consume, we consume a lot of propylene, but we produce half of it. So, we produce half of the propylene we have consumed. We do believe that propylene will see some near term price drops. As a consequence of that, the propylene arbitrage to ethylene will be less. Clearly also on the back end of this year, there could be a drop in ethylene because of excess supply coming on in the Middle East. So, we do believe this first half in ethylene, polyethylene is strong that natural gas arbitrage would be good, but having said that, its sustainability with excess supply coming on the back half will see that start to drop, but we believe we will benefit on the propylene side of that.
Bill Weideman: Thanks PJ. Karen, next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Don Carson with UBS.
Don Carson: Yes, thank you. Wanted to shift over to the Ag side, couple of questions there. You mentioned that, that SmartStax is meeting all its milestones, yet your partner seems to have missed some of their volume milestones. So, two questions, one, what impact did that have on your earnings? Two, given (inaudible) price more aggressively on so-called price for penetration strategy, does that have any impact on Dow AgroSciences income going forward?
Andrew Liveris: Thank you Don. On Ag, I think the key message here is independent of what our partner has said, you have got to know and remember that we price SmartStax independent of them and we have two key objectives in our strategy that may be different to the original strategy. Firstly, a rapid transition of our portfolio to SmartStax is very key to Dow. And two, to grow our market share. So, we have always priced SmartStax over triple stacks [ph] to reflect the incremental value that the technology brings, but at the same time, penetration pricing has been our mantra. So, we are doing everything, we are meeting our goals where everything we said we do, we have done. There is no question that even with a revised numbers from our partner, (inaudible) is still one of the largest biotech launches in history. We are selling everything we have available to sell. There are no surprises in our field trials, and we are achieving the results that we said we would achieve. In fact, we are very confident, we actually are launching SmartStax to nearly 40 hybrids this season and expect to have SmartStax in more than 70% of our corn portfolio in the next two to three years. So, we are on target, no effect from the partners announcements to us, we are on strategy and we see absolutely no negative effect to our forecast.
Don Carson: So, Andrew, just to clarify then, your royalty fee from Monsanto doesnt go down even if they are priced to the grower is going down?
Andrew Liveris: We have stayed away, I think you know, Don, from answering that specific question. I know people want to know that, but we stay true to our organic growth strategy, which is actually a lot of way we are deriving our NPV value.
Don Carson: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will go to Sergey Vasnetsov with Barclays Capital.
Sergey Vasnetsov: Good morning.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning.
Sergey Vasnetsov: All segments have shown a significant improvement, Andrew, but Basic Plastics segment shined with 20.5% EBITDA margin at the time of support trough, and I am mindful that, volatile business coming up and down, but more broadly across other commodity chemical companies and products and regions, it seems to me that the profitability is achieved for the high level  high profit to the low operating rate compared (inaudible). So, have we seen the same and does it suggests that there may be the overall market discipline is better in this trough compared to what you have seen three years back?
Andrew Liveris: You know, Sergey, it could be market discipline. I probably would give you that, but I really do think the bigger reason is actions we and others have taken in Europe and US to rightsize the footprint, especially here in the US and Canada to not really have the export capacity in downstream businesses. Remember, we shuttered EDC, EB/Styrene, EO/EG and really reconfigured the footprint for our Basic Plastics PE in particular here to US demand. And we are definitely the most competitive in the United States and Canada as a result due to our Flexi-crackers. So, to your generic point, we do believe that it has elevated the performance of the business to a new level when you throw on top of it, the low-cost feedstocks we have available to us in places like Kuwait and Argentina. So, the doubt strategy of asset-like low-cost feedstock plays elsewhere to do Petroceuticals [ph] to use your famous term actually, plus of course the inmarket competitiveness from on top of that, the first question from PJ on natural gas and then you asked me arbitrate point has given the business a new level of performance in short-like conditions. There is still upside based on basically price volume maximization. You know, we are too way below peak margin levels, so there is still upside.
Sergey Vasnetsov: Okay. And so, to apply this question specifically, that was my follow-up, it seems like Dow again making more money today at 83% capacity utilization, if I were to compare the data points over the past, do you think this model you are able to lower your breakeven point or cost of doing business so that you can make more money, the same operating rates compared to the past?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, to make sure I get lots of questions in today, the answer is going to be just a yes. We have lowered our breakeven point with all of the $2 billion of cost reductions in the combined company plus restructuring, the answer is yes.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks Sergey. Karen?
Operator: Next, we will go to Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Koort: Thank you. Andrew, it seems to me you generated about $1 billion of incremental EBITDA year-over-year and the bulk of it was from commodity and markets although I guess now we are seeing little bit better pickup on the specialty side, do you expect a bit of a seesaw as we go into the second half where the commodities make you paid versus some pretty good numbers last year, or do you think those can sustain while the downstream business has continued to expand in terms of profit?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, I mean, thank you Bob. There is no question the mix if you look at the leverage we have for economic recovery right now, and the statements we have made in particular around global recovery in North America and Europe in particular, the propylene envelope and all of its downstream and you pick your favorite once, polyurethane, acrylics, emulsions also of course epoxies. There is definitely margin inflation in the first quarter that we will start to recover as the year goes by, in lets call the semi-commodity part of the mix. If you really look at the downstream part of the company now, electronic materials, specialty materials, if you look at Ag, thats independent of the question. So, really, we have a third of the portfolio thats independent of the hydrocarbon story. We have another third that should see better improvement in the specialty side as the year unfolds, and then the third thats Basic Plastics, in particular, and routinely polyethylene should see some margin compression in the back half of the year as excess supply comes on. So, the performance as you say moving parts to the performance side as the year progresses, which is by the way on strategy.
Robert Koort: Got it. And a quick one for Bill, if I might, are we right to read that there was 200 million to 300 million of employee comp that hit that other corporate line that might not be so big in the remaining quarters, is that the way to think about it?
Bill Weideman: Yes, we are not disclosing the exact amount, but thats fairly close, but it was largely driven by the employee stock purchase plan. In the corporate, right, corporate segment went up I think about $400 million and that as I point out my comments, a year ago, we had the results of Morton in there. So, thats part of it. And we then we had a very strong participation on the employee stock purchase plan, which we think is great news. It also reflects the fact that our value of our stock has also gone up. So, yes, you are in the ballpark, but I would say, I would like to point here, going forward, think about that segment if you will, being in the 150 to 250 range.
Robert Koort: Thanks.
Andrew Liveris: Thanks Bob.
Operator: And John McNulty with Credit Suisse has our next question.
John McNulty: Yes, good morning.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning.
John McNulty: Just a quick question with regard to your R&D pipeline, if I remember correctly back in November, Bill Banholzer had highlighted that he thought over the next three years or so, you would have about $2 billion of revenue coming from your R&D pipeline. How does that compare with your implementation part of the R&D pipeline you just highlighted earlier at $5.6 billion, is it just or is that roughly about the same type of timeline that we should be thinking about and has that number gotten bigger or how should we compare the two?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, the $2 billion revenue number that Bill referred to comes from both gross synergies and the organic R&D pipeline, and the way you should think about that slide we had in the deck is that the NPV risk-adjusted is derived from revenue margin projections with firm stage gates between now, 2012, and beyond, but clearly those projects that are at or near commercialization tilt the number very much to the now $2 billion, 2012. So, at the end of the day, John, thats the same number.
John McNulty: Okay, so the $5.6 billion still corresponds with the $2 billion that will actually materialize?
Andrew Liveris: Thats the way we are thinking about it. There is some upside on stock earlier in the pipeline, but its risk-adjusted. So, the answer is yes.
John McNulty: And then just as a follow-up, it looks like your risk-adjusted number went up from the November timeframe where you were talking about $10 billion back then, it looks like I add all these up, you are getting to $12.5 billion, any major new projects there or is it just a lot of new things kind of coming to fruition or you are getting closer to the implementation, so the risk is going down?
Andrew Liveris: Really, all of the above. I mean, some new, but lots of little new and lot of stuff thats now moving through the next stage games.
John McNulty: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Next, we will go to Paul Mann with Morgan Stanley.
Paul Mann: Andrew, you are obviously seeing lot of raw material inflation in the performance division during the quarter, can you quantify the effect on the margins thats had in the performance products division?
Bill Weideman: Yes, Paul, this is Bill Weideman. Yes, actually if you look at our performance businesses, we had about $200 million of margin compression in the second quarter, and as you know, our results show better than that, that was because of the continued realization of synergies, but roughly it was about $200 million of margin compression. As we anticipated, as we mentioned before that we have a lot of 60 to 90 day lag in increasing prices there. But as you know, going forward, if propylene goes down, that trend should change and we should see margin expansions.
Paul Mann: Okay. Thanks. And just one follow-up question, it sounds like (inaudible) perhaps you could just talk in which markets you are seeing significant growth in place?
Andrew Liveris: There is Europe, I would characterize as lagging behind the US, so I dont want to overplay the statement. I think depending on where you were in Europe, we are seeing in particular Germany with its export orientation being quite strong as the Euro keeps dropping because of the issues around sovereign debt. Germany is doing quite well and well for us. And there is a plethora of different ways we see it. We see it for example in our installation business, energy efficiency measures that have come through government stimuli not just in Germany, but across other countries in Europe like France in particular, northern Europe and also over into eastern Europe, and in fact we are seeing eastern Europe coming back stronger, thats a quicker rebound than western Europe, but that helps Western Europe, in particular it helps Germany in particular. So, there is no one particular market other than I would say to you generically, its in the areas of infrastructure and transportation and exports.
Paul Mann: Okay. Thanks so much.
Andrew Liveris: Thanks Paul.
Operator: Next, we have David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Thank you, good morning.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning David.
David Begleiter: Now, Andrew, given the strength of your innovation pipeline, how much fast should the performance businesses grow as multiple GDP over the next, perhaps three to five years?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, as you know, there is so many performance businesses, they all have their own demand driver, electronics material for example should be a 2X GDP number. So, thats you know, I need to say, because Jerome mentioned it, but when you come to May 18th, sector day, you are going to see the power of the synergies in electronic materials. We have lowered the cost point, because of the synergies on the cost side, but the GDP growth out in Asia in particular and all of the stuff that we are doing is seeing double digit twice the size of GDP growth rate. Ag should be about one-and-a-half times, and performance systems probably a little lower than that, 1.3 to 1.4 times GDP, and performance products is probably around one times GDP.
David Begleiter: And just on those subjects looking at rice store and your China cold chemicals project, how important are those two projects for your growth, over the longer-term basis?
Andrew Liveris: Critical, I would say. We have one project ahead of those two, which is the tide project. That should come on in the next year, or year-and-a-half. That will be great for our expansion out in the far eastern growth markets out there. There is a range of different good products we are building there. And then the next one will be Russia [ph] and then the following one will be China, and these are all asset life projects, all building blocks projects that will help feed Jeromes business, help feed performance systems and make sure that we have the downstream value add that the strategy speaks to.
David Begleiter: Thank you.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks a lot. Karen, next?
Operator: Next, we will go to Frank Mitsch with BB&T Capital Markets.
Frank Mitsch: Good morning. Thank you. I was just looking at some math here, and I was just trying to rectify or clarify the 83% operating rate that you did back in the second quarter of 08 versus the 83% today, and obviously on an EPS basis, it was better back then, the company looked a little bit better, but I was looking through some numbers on a pro forma basis, I actually think that the company performed a bit better back in the second quarter of 08 with Rohm and Haas. Are the numbers wrong here? What might be the differences here that we should expect as the operating rates move up that we will get that are performances and what was generated back a couple of years ago?
Andrew Liveris: I mean, frankly there is a couple of lots of moving parts, right. So, the number of assets that have been taken down especially on the commodity side, the hydrocarbon and energy, compression thats occurred in this quarter versus the quarter back then, propylene in particular, the question that was asked earlier on propylene cost base, propylene cost base is going up. There is lot of moving parts. So, I think the way we look at product, in 2008, that quarter was 93% operating rate, we had lowered the cost point of the company on structural cost by the combined company by the two big restructurings that were taken, one by Rohm and Haas, one by Dow, when you put those two together, thats about $750 million takeout of costs and structural costs. And then the $1.3 billion of synergies, that $2 billion will be out of the combined cost base that you saw back in the first quarter of 08. That will then in turn mean the volume, once you get the volumes up there, that will all drop to the bottom line. And one way we have explained it is reuse 07. If you take $6.5 billion of EBITDA in 07 from Dow, $2.5 billion of EBITDA Rohm and Haas, thats $9 billion. Add the $2 billion of EBITDA from cost savings, thats $11 billion. And then if you add and subtract, add the equity earnings, then will have Dow Cornings expansion (inaudible) that gives us up to around $11.5 billion, subtract the solvent businesses, thats $10.7 billion of EBITDA or $4.50 a share. That $10.7 billion of EBITDA, when will that be attained? If you make the assumption of the 12, it will look like 7, then we are on the run rate to that number based on the current asset footprint, not counting any of the growth pipeline.
Frank Mitsch: Okay. Terrific. Thank you. And if you could just  while you are talking about some of the synergies with Rohm and Haas, you mentioned that you guys are around $0.5 billion in sales from the growth synergies, which businesses are we seeing that play out?
Andrew Liveris: Across the board. I have covered a few of them, will be at a fast pace, in one of my slides, in my deck, but by size, the water business, wet strength resins supply, I mean AkzoNobel and coatings, industrial coatings, emulsions, architectural coatings, just to name a few.
Frank Mitsch: All right. So, there is not just one area that is showing up its really broad-based?
Andrew Liveris: Broad-based.
Frank Mitsch: Thank you.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks Frank. Next question, Karen?
Operator: Next we have Kevin McCarthy with Banc of America/Merrill Lynch.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, good morning. How are you? Andrew, just a follow-up on Ross, there have been reports out of the Middle East that the project could be relocated and possibly downsized, are those accurate and perhaps you could update us the feedstock considerations there, and your latest thoughts on capital requirement?
Andrew Liveris: Thanks Kevin. Yes, there has been a lot of press reports, the partners have not made a statement. Clearly, one of the things that the both partners have examined long and hard is the capital burden of such a huge project to get go, even though its a live structure for us and for them. We have made no decision yet on any move  it has been assessed as interesting alternative, thats been made available to the partners. We are basically within a few months of making final decisions on the feed, which is obviously the big commitment to go to the next step, order long-term equipment. And in fact, stock details is adding (inaudible) So, we will have a lot to say, give us a few months.
Kevin McCarthy: A follow-up, has the more favorable ethane dynamics on the US, Gulf Coast change your higher level paradigm or in terms of capital investments toward the Middle East?
Andrew Liveris: One of the things we are working very hard on that, the premise of your question is you know we are a leader in talking about energy policy in this country and we are trying very hard now with this revised energy and climate change bill thats coming out of the Senate, this KGL bill to ensure that we can lock in sustainable energy policies around natural gas in this country for many years to come. There is a couple of things that we have been saying about it. We are not yet certain we can lock it in, thats why we are not as bullish as those statements suggests. We want to be, we want to recreate an investment dynamic here in the US around our asset base, based on long-term predictability of natural gas.
Kevin McCarthy: Okay, understood, thank you.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks Kevin.
Operator: Next, we will go to John Roberts with Buckingham Research.
John Roberts: Good morning guys.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning John.
John Roberts: Gauging downstream inventories from Dow is always sort of hard, but I look at Praxair reported this morning and they do a manufacturing index with end markets and they had manufacturing owing up 1% globally versus last years first quarter in spite of the easy comparisons, and that excluded chemicals. So, your growth is much, much higher than what they were reporting as a manufacturing index growth. Do you think there is some pre-borrowing or buildup going on in advance while the price increases that have been going on?
Andrew Liveris: Absolutely not. I havent looked at their numbers. We think its about 7% industrial production year-over-year comparative, which means our volumes even more impressive. When you look it by sector, you look at things like automotive, its up incredibly high year-on-year. There is no question in our mind that this is beyond the restocking, this is now consumer-led demand recovery.
John Roberts: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Next, we will go to JP Morgans Jeff Zekauskas.
Jeff Zekauskas: Hi, thanks very much.
Andrew Liveris: Hi Jeff.
Jeff Zekauskas: Hi, usually you are kind enough to say how much your energy cost change year-over-year in the quarter, what was that number this quarter?
Andrew Liveris: Our purchased H&E costs were up approximately 700 million quarter-over-quarter.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay, great. And then lastly it sounds like you have a different point of view toward your US petrochemical businesses because of sustainable advantages due to feedstocks, is that right? Do you no longer want to sell that business?
Andrew Liveris: We have a very clearly stated strategy. The strategy is to move Dows portfolio to downstream value-add businesses. Businesses like Jeromes, businesses like the Ag business. We have preferential investors, our R&D budget, CapEx budget is all going that way, but we need building blocks for those businesses. We will do them in an equity-like, asset-like structure. And then over these next many quarters, we hope that we can get a higher value for our joint venture with our Basic Plastics unit, but we havent changed strategy.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thank you very much.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks Jeff. Karen, we have time for one last question.
Operator: We will take our last question from Bill Young with ChemSpeak Advisors.
Bill Young: Thank you.
Andrew Liveris: Hi Bill.
Bill Young: Andrew, I hear that polyethylene exports have dropped off, maybe inventories have overbuilt based on higher prices here. I wonder if you could bring us update on that? And separately, with your $2 billion goal on divestitures, is that a way to say, well, we dont expect the K-Dow, the deal to be done this year?
Andrew Liveris: Let me answer the second question first, because this was a follow-on from a previous question from Jeff. We dont know when the deal will be done. We dont count as you quite rightly put it, the $2 billion number. We dont count the replacement deal to the K-Dow deal in our numbers, thats correct. However, the timing of any such deal for us will be based on maximum valuation. I mean, I think what you should be hearing on this whole strategy, we are very pleased with the PE business. Its number 1 in the world, its actually, technologically advanced. There is a right partner out there with feedstocks that, that business should be joint ventured with, but we are not counting on it this year. Thats the area we are going to interpret it, Bill. In terms of export windows from the US on polyethylene, I believe we moved significant amount outside to China and Asia in the first quarter, about 20%. We look very closely at pre-buying the pervious question, we dont see any signs of inventory builds based on perspective price drop.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks very much Bill. That ends the Q&A portion. Before we end the call, I would like to ask Andrew to just make a few closing comments.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, I would like to just, firstly thank you all for listening to the call and Q&A. If you really look at the summary, of the way we feel about things, we think this revenue run rate, we had a substantial revenue beat in the quarter, reflects this by giving signs of a new Dow and in fact an economic recovery with volume growth to the upside, not only of course in the emerging world, but now the US and to a certain extent, parts of Europe. There is demand pool going on, not restocking. We believe Rohm and Haas was a great acquisition for us and we are demonstrating it earlier than anyone expected on not only the bottom line but also the topline, which speaks my revenue point, and the two things that we were asked on the column of Q&A, our cost reductions give us great leverage to economic upside and economic recovery, and then growth will in fact drive the upside, and our innovations and the agenda around R&D and I really urge you to come to May 18th, sector day with Jerome because hes going to show growth in all of its colors. Thank you for listening to us.
Howard Ungerleider: All right. Thanks very much for joining us this morning, and we really appreciate your interest in the company. We look forward to speaking with you again soon. Thanks again.
Operator: Once again, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you again for your participation.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-02 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company fourth quarter 2009 earnings results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Howard Ungerleider, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks Jennifer. Good morning everyone and welcome. As usual, we're making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Weideman, Vice President and Interim Chief Financial Officer and Dave Johnson, Director of Investor Relations. Around 6.30 this morning, February 2, our earnings release went out on PRNewswire and was posted on the Internet on Dow's website, dow.com. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. The slides are posted on our website on the presentation page of the Investor Relations section or through the link to our webcast. As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. And I would like to point out that in our prepared remarks today in order to provide the best information regarding our results, our sales comparisons are on a pro forma basis, excluding completed divestitures and our EBITDA comparisons exclude certain items. A reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our website. Our earnings release as well as our recent SEC filings are also available on the Internet at dow.com. The agenda for today's call is on slide three. Now I would like to hand the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Howard. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us to discuss our results. What a difference a year makes. As you recall this time last year, we were facing unprecedented demand destruction and of course, steep declines in manufacturing activity across virtually all sectors. If you look at slide four, you will see we responded by taking decisive actions throughout the year. And the results of those actions are clearly demonstrated in the fourth-quarter results. Here, Dow grew earnings year-over-year in the quarter. And we delivered the fourth consecutive quarter of positive operating earnings in highly challenging economic conditions. But the big story of the quarter is top-line growth driven by year-over-year volume gains. We achieved 4% top-line growth and 10% higher volumes versus the same quarter last year. This is on a pro forma basis, excluding divestitures which is really the best way to view the underlying performance of our operations. This was driven by strengthening demand across many of our key segments. Sales increased sequentially each quarter of the year and even accelerated during the fourth quarter. The power of our strong geographic footprint manifested itself once again, specifically in the emerging geographies of Asia Pacific, Latin America, Eastern Europe, India and the Middle East, which all had double-digit volume growth over the fourth quarter of last year. Overall, emerging geographies posted volume growth of 33%. EBITDA increased by 809 million in the quarter and in all operating segments except Health and Agricultural Sciences, which declined primarily due to increased investment in R&D as we continued to fund growth in this exciting segment of our company. EBITDA in the combined performance segments was up 88% versus the fourth quarter of last year. Overall, EBITDA was at a $6 billion annualized run rate for the third consecutive quarter. Equity earnings were very strong at $284 million and back to normalized levels not seen since prior to the economic downturn, led by strong performance in Dow Corning and EQUATE. These joint ventures will continue to be important elements of our growth strategy going forward. We continued our focus on cash flow generating $1.4 billion of cash from operations in the quarter and $2.1 billion for the full year. We are also well ahead of our goals on cost reductions. We ended the year with a run rate of $1.7 billion in savings from structural cost reductions and cost synergies related to Rohm and Haas. We are now 70% of the way towards our two-year goal of $2.5 billion in savings. We completed the divestment of Morton Salt in the quarter. This was the fourth non-core divestment of 2009, all with strategic buys and all at favorable multiples. We paid off the balance of our bridge loan well ahead of plan. And we also repaid our revolver. In total, we reduced our debt by $2.5 billion since April 1, reducing our net debt to cap to 48% ahead of our goal through a number of actions I'm going to highlight later. Now this is a very impressive list when taken on its own. But when you consider that we did all of this while continuing the integration of Rohm and Haas, cutting costs, reducing our Basics footprint, divesting non-core assets while continuing our many investments for growth, all of which was done during the worst recession in decades, these accomplishments are even more extraordinary. I am also proud that the Dow team continues its focus on serving customers well and driving top-line growth. Looking at slides four and five and turning to the outlook for industry demand, here again is the tracking tool we showed you last quarter. We saw improvements across many of our end-use industries throughout the year. This underscores the unique view we have into the economic recovery based on our participation in the value chains of a vast array of industries and end markets. On slide six, you can see our broad geographic reach also gives us insights on overall global demand trends. Emerging geographies once again lead our growth in the fourth quarter with volumes up 33% over the fourth quarter of last year. Volumes in China, for example, were up nearly 60%. And India and Russia were up around 30%. Brazil was up 20%. Globally, North America was the only region that we did not see volume growth but even here there were some bright spots. Automotive demand was improved. And the demand for packaging remained resilient. Broader growth, however, continued to lag as high unemployment and reduced consumer spending dragged on the progression of the U.S. recovery. Conditions were similar in Europe for many of the same reasons. And the higher value of the euro further impacted exports out of that region. These trends, along with our fourth-quarter results, represent clear and positive steps forward in the global economy and in our operating segments. We begin 2010 well-positioned to take advantage of strengthening economic conditions in key areas of the world. Our new portfolio, our R&D engine, our strong geographic presence, our ability to remain financially disciplined will be all key drivers to earnings growth well into the future. I am going to speak more about these points in a moment, but first I would like to turn the call over to Bill for a review of the fourth quarter. Bill?
Bill Weideman: Thank you, Andrew. I will begin with a review of our fourth-quarter results on slide seven. Reported sales were 12.5 billion, an increase of 15% over the same period last year and 3% over the third quarter of 2009. On a pro forma basis and excluding divestitures, year-over-year sales were up 4%, driven by volume growth of 10%. EBITDA, excluding certain items, was up on a year-over-year basis in the fourth quarter by 809 million. It was basically flat sequentially in what is traditionally a seasonally weak quarter. Earnings, excluding certain items were $0.18 per share, ending the year with four quarters of positive results. The current quarter included $0.10 per share unfavorable impact for certain items. Details for these items are included in the appendix. Our tax rate was lower this quarter due to higher earnings in emerging geographies and strong joint venture results. We expect a lower tax rate to continue in 2010 and would estimate a rate between 15 to 20% for modeling purposes. As Andrew mentioned, we saw strong volume in the quarter. As you can see on slide eight, we saw year-over-year improvement in virtually every operating segment and across all geographies, except North America. Strong growth in Electronic Materials of 14% was, however, offset by lower demand in Specialty Materials, driven by lower capital spending in industrial water applications. We see this as just a temporary pause and remain confident in the long-term fundamentals in the demand for clean water. Emerging regions also clearly performed very well versus last year while growth in the more developed economies is lagging. On a sequential basis, as you can see on the next slide, volumes rose 3%. This is in spite of normal seasonality in segments such as Electronic Materials and Coatings and Infrastructure. Once again, emerging geographies led the volume gains. On slide 10, you can see that price rose sequentially in every operating segment, except Health and Agricultural Sciences in every geography. These gains were largely offset by more than $525 million. These gains largely offset the more than $525 million increase in purchased feedstock and energy costs. As you know, energy prices rose significantly in the last half of December and we have responded quickly to pass on these increased costs. Now, let's take a look at how the company performed at an operating segment level on slide 11. In Electronic and Specialty Materials, as I just mentioned, volume was up 14% in our Electronics business versus last year. Foundry utilization rates remained strong and we did not see the typical seasonal pause. The semiconductor industry also continued to see solid downstream demand. In Specialty Materials volume was somewhat muted during the quarter in industrial water end markets and demand for cellulosics used in construction applications was weak in North America and Europe. We continue to see growth in our Coatings and Infrastructure segment as emerging regions continued to drive increased demand. Significant growth in China was driven by stimulus programs which strengthens construction and residential end markets. In North America and Japan, we are beginning to see improvements. However, commercial construction continues to be slow in these geographies and in Europe. Now turning to Health and Agricultural Sciences on slide 12, the fourth quarter produced double-digit sales growth in ag chem as farmers in Brazil resumed plantings after a temporary pause last quarter. Seeds, Traits and Oils volumes grew 24% as the business continues to reap rewards of its technology-rich pipeline and recent seed acquisitions. These drove sequential and year-over-year volume growth. We remain focused on investing in this segment given its robust long-term fundamentals. Both R&D and SG&A investments increased in the quarter to support product launches and recent seed acquisitions. One example of this, just last week Dow AgroSciences announced regulatory approval from Mexico for the importation of corn grain produced from SmartStax. This is an important approval because Mexico is among the world's largest importers of U.S. corn and this ensures they will have access to this world-class technology. Now let me turn to Performance Systems. Performance Systems continued to show strong operating performance in the quarter. Demand for wind energy applications in China drove growth in our Formulated Systems business while demand in food packaging and automotive applications strongly benefited our Elastomers business. While there was double-digit increase in light vehicle production within the automotive industry versus last year due to government stimulus, visibility remains unclear in this sector as their programs come to an end. Moving to Performance Products. Our polyurethane building block business delivered a solid quarter due to tight supply, increasing demand and further penetration on our unit technologies in the appliance industry. We also saw increased demand for oxygenated solvents. These products go into a number of growing healthcare applications such as hand and surface sanitizers. Lastly, we saw increased demand in Europe for heat transfer fluids used in new concentrated solar power installations. As you can see on slide 13, our Basic Plastics franchise delivered another outstanding quarter. Continued demand for polyethylene drove double-digit volume growth versus the fourth quarter of 2008. This is the fourth consecutive quarter of polyethylene volume growth, due in part to an open export window from North America due to relatively low gas prices into the weak U.S. dollar. I would also like to point out that the Basic Plastics segment, which is comprised primarily of polyethylene, generated 1.7 billion of EBITDA in 2009 in one of the worst economic climates in decades. This is truly an impressive performance. Finally, I'm pleased to report that after facing headwinds throughout most of 2009, our Basic Chemicals business showed signs of strengthening. Caustic soda prices improved after bottoming in the third quarter and vinyl chloride monomer prices rose for the third consecutive quarter on increasing demand. Aggressive economic stimulus efforts in China drove improved performance in EO/EG of polyester fiber mills -- as polyester fiber mills saw an uptick in production. On slide 14, equity earnings, excluding certain items were $284 million which is up 27% sequentially. Once again, this is back to levels we last saw before the economic downturn. Notable contributors to the improvement were Dow Corning and EQUATE. Turning to our actions on cost control on slide 15 and in keeping with our long-term heritage of financial and operating discipline and we delivered on our structural cost reductions achieving more than 215 million in the fourth quarter. On a pro forma basis, SG&A was down 4% in the quarter versus the fourth quarter of 2008, even with a 15% increase in ag to support new product launches and commercial activities. On a pro forma basis R&D spending was up 6% continuing our investment in growth, despite the economic conditions led by increased investments in Dow AgroSciences. Lastly, we made significant progress in our commitments related to cost synergies in our restructuring efforts. On slide 16, you can see that we are well ahead of our plan to capture the cost synergies related to the acquisition of Rohm and Haas in our restructuring program. And we expect to deliver an additional $650 million of savings in 2010 versus 2009. Now, let me hand you back over to Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Bill. So let's look at slide 17 and turn to a review of the full year. Exactly a year ago I ended my discussion by asking you to judge us by our actions. Despite 2009's unprecedented demand destruction and the traumatic failure of PIC of Kuwait to close the legally binding joint venture transaction, we acted decisively to reposition ourselves to our new realities. We quickly reduced cost and rightsized our asset footprint to reduce exposure to commodity products in low growth locations and we increased our presence in high-growth products in fast-growing geographies. We also closed the Rohm and Haas transaction and moved quickly on the cost synergies. As a result, we improved volumes and profits from these actions sequentially throughout the year. And we are benefiting from the pivotal step we took in actually acquiring Rohm and Haas. By year's end, our pace of improvement was increasing as shown by the results in the quarter. We are ahead of all of our operating and financial milestones that we had promised you in early '09. Let me review each of these milestones in turn. On slide 18, our strategic accomplishments this year were many. As I stated, we acquired and integrated Rohm and Haas which I believe will be remembered as the singular strategic acquisition that transformed Dow into a higher growth and higher margin business portfolio with significantly improved earnings power. We shed $3 billion of non-core assets at very attractive multiples. This was done ahead of our divestment plan and gave us the proceeds to strengthen our capital structure. We reviewed and recommitted ourselves to our strategy. And after an enterprise-wide review, we remain committed to ongoing and active portfolio management to improve profitability and focus resources on higher growth, higher margin opportunities. We have a deliberate and well thought out plan with $12 billion of divestment options as well as targeted areas for growth. To me, the best proof of our renewed commitment to grow and deliver shareholder value is our record year of R&D investment, reinforcing our focus on market-driven science-based innovation. On slide 19, our financial milestones were also an overachievement in a very difficult year. As I mentioned earlier, we delivered four consecutive quarters of positive operating earnings. And we achieved improved sequential sales throughout the year reflecting quarterly demand improvement as volume increased, particularly in emerging markets. Since the close of Rohm and Haas on April 1, we have taken a number of actions to strengthen our balance sheet. We eliminated the high cost Series B and C preferred shares at par. We successfully raised equity in an oversubscribed offering and turned our near-term maturities with oversubscribed debt offerings. And we completely paid off the bridge loan ahead of schedule and paid off the remaining balance on the revolver. In addition, we reduced long-term debt maturities through 2011 by 80% and lowered total indebtedness by more than $2.5 billion. All of these actions brought our net debt to total cap down to 48%, which is ahead of our plan. And we lowered our financing costs by $500 million per year. And lastly, as I mentioned at the outset of my talk, we generated $2.1 billion in cash from operations in 2009. On slide 20, you can see that we also exceeded our operating goals in every respect reflecting our commitment to operational discipline and our very strong focus throughout the year. Our actions to reduce structural cost delivered more than $1.2 billion in savings in 2009. And we ended the year with a $1.7 billion run rate, ahead of our plan and 70% of the way towards our two-year goal of $2.5 billion in savings. And we also are well ahead on the cost synergies related to Rohm and Haas. We accelerated our actions and have now achieved 140% of the 12-month costs synergy run rate target. Finally, we took quick steps to rightsize our Basics manufacturing footprint, reducing ethylene consumption on the U.S. Gulf Coast by 30% and repositioning our Basic Chemicals portfolio to more efficiently feed our higher value, higher margin downstream performance businesses. On slide 21, you can see that overall this was an amazingly active year, with a tremendous number of accomplishments, all of which were made possible because of the hard work of Dow's people around the world. Slide 22, as we look ahead, Dow has all the elements in place to move forward aggressively on three distinct fronts, delivering consistent earnings and cash flow, a higher rate of growth and an improved return on capital while doing so. First, we are positioned to be able to drive growth across the board. We have businesses tied to markets that are growing at a multiple of GDP, as well as being present in developing geographies that are providing us tremendous growth opportunities and driving our earnings trajectory. In fact, we currently project our revenues will grow by greater than 10% with our new portfolio, driven by science and technology. We expect EBITDA margins to increase from 12% in 2008 to 20% over time with our new portfolio powered by our ability to provide customers with science-based, technology-rich solutions. And we will accelerate these earnings with our new reduced cost structure, which will provide us $2.5 billion in savings by 2011. Also, fueling this growth is our innovation engine. In 2009, the $1.6 billion we invested in R&D as a combined entity, which as an aside is more than the combined R&D budgets of all of the University chemistry programs in the United States, is paying off. During the last three years, we have nearly tripled our pipeline valuation to $28 billion by making targeted investment in higher value, higher margin products and businesses. At the same time, as already stated, we have implemented a rigorous cross company system of portfolio management to ensure every research dollar is well spent. All of this leads to tremendous earnings power which will generate significant cash flow that we are committed to both reinvesting in our businesses for growth, while at the same time rewarding our owners. And On slide 23, you have heard me speak throughout this past year of a new Dow. The decisions we made in 2009, along with the speed and decisiveness of the actions we took. We believe that we have firmly delivered the Dow of tomorrow. Today, we have the right portfolio, the right geographic position and the right pipeline as indicated by all the points on this slide. And On slide 24, you can see the right portfolio is in place to define how we will grow. This portfolio is supported by three integrated business models, Basics, performance and market-driven. And On slide 25, you can see we now have a robust portfolio of businesses exposed to high-growth industries, such as electronics, coatings, infrastructure, personal care, water, energy, food and agriculture, all with higher EBITDA margins and higher growth. You can see this across our Advanced Materials, AgroSciences and performance businesses. And these represent two-thirds of our overall business portfolio and almost all of them have leading industry positions. On slide 26, we also have the right geographic position. Dow's volume from emerging geographies grew at 33% year-over-year. And actions we took this year further strengthened our geographic presence and positioned the company for even greater success. Sales in emerging geographies now represent 32% of our total sales, up from 28% last year. We will continue to expand in these fast-growing geographies. On slide 27, you can see that we also now have the right pipeline. At our investor day in November, we highlighted the power of our innovation engine. This is an engine that today has a potential value of $28 billion, five times higher than in 1997. The more than 500 projects in our innovation playbook are strategically aligned with four global megatrends, health and nutrition, energy, consumerism and infrastructure and transportation. The $1.6 billion that we plan to invest annually in R&D will continue to be aimed squarely at the intersection of society's greatest needs and business opportunity. A further proof point on innovation is the growth synergies we are gaining from the integration of Rohm and Haas. These growth synergies will produce $2 billion in revenue by the end of 2012 on a run rate basis and cut across our portfolio, geographies and pipeline. They are focused on new commercial activities, such as cross-selling to increase our share of products with existing customers, leveraging the new product portfolio and creating new and innovative solutions for customers. In our coatings business, for example, we realized a number of successful cross-selling opportunities between our architectural and industrial coatings portfolio. In our ion exchange business, we delivered additional growth opportunities for industrial water purification. And in adhesives our expanded product line was able to capture new business with a global packaging converter. These are just some of the many examples that by the end of the fourth quarter of this year that delivered last year that delivered more than $340 million in new annual revenue. So, with the right portfolio, the right footprint and the right pipeline the Dow of tomorrow is here today. On slide 28, let me address the outlook for 2010. From a geographic perspective the sustained demand growth we are witnessing in emerging geographies bodes well for global growth. The recovery in regions such as China is creating positive volume opportunities, which have helped us through much of 2009. However, we continue to closely monitor China's overheating manufacturing engine and the potential for the creation of asset bubbles. The Brazilian economy fared better than most during the global economic recession and we have seen strong demand rebound there as well. We feel better about the North American and the European economies today than we did one year ago, or even one quarter ago. Certainly the U.S. GDP numbers released last week point to an economy that is recovering. The impressive 5.7% annualized number in the fourth quarter shows that the U.S. economy grew at its fastest pace in more than six years, although over half of this was inventory restocking. These much stronger than expected numbers provide yet another data point that a recovery is taking hold. This number also shows that U.S. inventory destocking has ended. And the good news is that we see supply chain inventory levels remaining low. So the potential for growth and a rebound is there. But high employment and questions about the sustainability of government stimulus spending continued to mute the possibility of a strong rebound like the one we saw in '03 and '04. Therefore, in our view in the U.S. this recovery looks more like a 'U' than a 'V'. And the opposite is true in the emerging world, which gives us a view that the recovery on the global basis this year is probably shaped like a lazy 'V'. Our portfolio is perfectly positioned for such an outcome. On our performance side of the business, we have the right exposure to fast-growing sectors, such as electronics, water, coatings, energy, consumer goods and agriculture. And our powerful Basics Plastics franchise now has a relatively low cost position with the increased supply demand dynamic in U.S. natural gas. Our investments in feedstock flexibility in this region, coupled with our low cost positions in Canada, Kuwait and Argentina, mean we will continue to generate strong profits in this business as economic recovery takes hold and the cycle turns. Finally, as I just mentioned, our growing presence in emerging geographies will fuel earnings growth, as witnessed by our 33% year-over-year growth from these regions in the fourth quarter alone. On slide 29, you can see our tracking tool. And this time it shows the first-quarter outlook, where we see continued improvement across many of our end-use industries, as you can see from the predominance of green boxes. However, despite the sequential revenue and volume growth for our 2009 and even the acceleration of our results in the second half of last year, we believe the economic environment continues to warrant caution because of the potential for uneven growth. That's why our plan does not count on a material improvement in economic activity form end-of-year 2009 levels. Accordingly, we will keep a tight rein on costs and capital, while maximizing cash flow, just as we did last year. This disciplined focus, when coupled with our higher margin, higher growth portfolio, strong geographic presence and invigorated pipeline really positions us well to benefit from an economic recovery. On slide 30, you have seen, our clear path to earnings growth. And this slide, which you'll recall from our investor day, sets the framework to achieve this goal. We have all the elements in place. Our new portfolio, our R&D engine, our strong geographic presence, our ability to remain financially disciplined, as well as our ongoing portfolio management, plus the full retention of our powerful Basics Plastics business, all add up to this new earnings profile. One with significant upside potential and one that we will realize over these next few years with force and rigorous execution, something that Dow is known for. So on slide 31, that brings me to my priorities for 2010. From a strategic perspective we will maintain our commitment to innovation-based science and plan to invest a further $1.6 billion in our world class R&D capabilities to accelerate our future growth on multiple fronts. We will also continue to invest in emerging geographies to further expand our market and asset presence in these high-growth regions. We will continue our focus on portfolio management by divesting non-core assets. Our target in 2010 is $2 billion. Styron represents the largest portion of that. I am pleased to report the Styron divestment process has continued to move forward on a very timely basis. As with any strategic process, we will update you when we have an announcement. The business is now running in a separate structure and is doing very well. And we will seek to deliver on the right asset-light strategy. And we will only do so if it creates a long-term growth enterprise that creates value for our shareholders. We remain in an active process of exploring our strategic asset-light joint venture. Financially, we'll continue to take the appropriate steps to maintain optionality and financial flexibility. We will remain focused on cash generation, with a goal of generating free cash flow of $1.5 billion. As I mentioned before, we'll further pay down debt in 2010, with a goal of reaching a net debt to total cap of 45%. We will protect and enhance our investment grade rating. To that end, our intention is to use our excess cash to repay debt. And lastly, on operational priorities, we will maintain our commitment to fixed cost reductions and cost synergies at a run rate of $2.5 billion by year-end. We will capitalize on the growth synergies related to the integration of Rohm and Haas, delivering greater than $0.5 billion on a run rate basis by the end of the year. We will continue to deliver on our working capital discipline to the tune of $0.5 billion. These priorities are a balance, a balance between appropriate caution and therefore maintaining cost and operating discipline and focus, especially with the uncertainty around the U.S. consumer and a balance with growth, given our exciting new portfolio and our broad opportunity mix and our transformation into a consistent earnings growth enterprise. And just to repeat one more time, this enterprise is here today. I will now turn the call back to Howard.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, Andrew. That wraps up our prepared remarks. For your reference, a copy of these comments will be posted on Dow's website later today. Now we will move on to your questions. Before we do though, I would like to remind you that my comments on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both our prepared remarks and to anything that may come up during the Q&A. Jennifer, would you please explain the Q&A procedure.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And our first question will come from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar: Yes, hi, good morning.
Andrew Liveris: Andrew, with nine months of significant cost-cutting under your belt, do you have an estimate of how much of these costs are falling to the bottom line?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, P.J. Obviously, the balancing act that you are touching on here is, as we see improving volumes and as we lift our operating rates and as we obviously take the costs that go with that and obviously that's good costs, right, because you're basically are funding your ability to grow and to restore margins but you have to obviously tolerate those costs increases. We are looking at structural cost decreases of $1.2 billion year-to-date or end of '09 and another $650 million in 2010 that will drop to the bottom line versus '09. So that gives you a sense of the two-year number that is true cost reductions. And we will let costs go up on the good cost side but if those costs start to rectify the 1.85, then we will find other ways to mitigate those. And that is basically our commitment to make sure that 1.85 hits the bottom line.
P.J. Juvekar: Okay. And then at this point how are you managing price versus volume priorities? And I would imagine that the strategy differs between Basics and performance. Can you just provide some details on it?
Andrew Liveris: Correct. And so look, the volume momentum through the fourth quarter and we are not unique in this regard, built up as the quarter went by. And December was a strong month and very unusually so. Of course, what was happening through the quarter also on the Basics side is price increases were being put in place, but the hydrocarbon run-up occurred faster than the price increases were allowed. Now we have now have price increases out there on the Basics side. Hydrocarbons are attenuating a little bit, so we are playing a price-volume titration. But polyethylene has got $0.04 a pound out there already. They have got another $0.06 a pound planned for February. So we really, when you look at the price momentum on Basics, it is all about the operating rates being in the mid-to low 80s. And certainly with the United States having an export window and China showing robust demand, there is room for price. Now we expect in terms of hydrocarbon run up another $500 million quarter to quarter. And a lot of that is going to flow through not just on the ethylene side, but also on the propylene side, which will hurt the performance businesses, unless than they can get price momentum. Now we do, as you know, it is harder on the performance side to get prices to stick, but we have about a 90-day lag. And with price increases announced in semi-commodities, like Oxygen and Solvents is a good example of that and amines, some of that should start to stick in the first quarter. So that 90-day lag, if you like, started in December. We are watching very carefully. Our operating rate is still a little lower than we want it. It is in the high 70s, as we see things. As a company, we would like it to be in the 80s. So we are not going to lose volume with these price increases, which is why this whole year is a little tenuous at the beginning. We have Chinese New Year in February, so we have got to be careful about that. There will be some shutdowns of factories in Asia and China. But in the end, your question is really the story of the quarter. There is price momentum. There is good volume momentum. We saw it in the fourth quarter. We saw it run into from December to January. We are out there pushing price hard.
Operator: Okay. We will go to our next question. That will come from Hassan Ahmed with Alembic Global Advisors. Hassan Ahmed  Alembic Global Advisors Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning. Hassan Ahmed  Alembic Global Advisors Quick question on the commodity side of the business and the cycle as well. If I were to take a medium-term view, it kind of seems to me that there is a bit of a capacity addition vacuum that seems to be developing. And what I mean by that is, you take a look at the Saudis and they haven't allocated any ethane at all since 2006. The Qataris seem to have extended the moratorium on gas. Now on top of that some of these new crackers that we see coming online seem to be mixed feed crackers as well. So, now as I sort of sit there and try to piece all these things together, it appears to me that the cycle actually may turn around fairly quickly. And the other side is that in terms of pricing, if I look at Henry Hub prices right now, that seems to suggest that the U.S. producer is actually fairly, fairly well-placed. How do you see all these pieces fitting together?
Andrew Liveris: I think this whole discussion is a really critical one certainly with plastics being a key part of our portfolio and I believe and we have studied this extensively, some of the points you make, the base case. There is a bear case or the base [ph] case. And one of your colleagues just recently put out a very bearish case. We don't believe that case at all because of a couple of points you made. Number one, the supply side of this will be constrained coming out of the Middle East. It has been constrained for several years. Even though there will be capacity adds, it won't come on when people think it will come on. We are one of the best operators out there and we had a slow start up of our Kuwait assets and we are very good at this. So I would tell you, you have not as much supply coming on as people think. The second thing is, if you take a normalized GDP globally this year of roughly 3%, the typical multiplier in polyethylene is 1.4, 1.5. That is a 4.5% demand growth that could happen this year and inventory restocking. Inventory is very low at the moment in the entire chain. So there is a case out there where you could go higher than 4.5% which is in our base case. Then you have 6 to 9 million tons of high cost liquids rationalization 3 of which is already permanently down. Then you have, in fact, your point, which is gas is not as freely available in the Middle East as people think and then you have your extra point which is the advantage in the United States which is now the second lowest cost producer on ethane which is an advantage versus naphtha because of where gas is. We have flexi-crackers, so we are one of the few that can take advantage of that. 20% of our production in the fourth quarter was exports out of the United States to China and Asia. So when you put all that together, I think there is a case for a trough-like environment in '10 with the excess capacity, a recovery in '11 and a peak environment in the '13 timeframe. Hassan Ahmed  Alembic Global Advisors Super. Thanks so much Andrew.
Operator: Okay. And next well go to John McNulty with Credit Suisse.
John McNulty: Yeah. Good morning. Just two quick questions and one is actually tied to the last question. You make a pretty bullish case for the Basic Plastics business. I guess I'm wondering how that factors into your at least short and intermediate term asset-light strategy versus the long, long term?
Andrew Liveris: So look, John. Thank you for your question. We know we have a very, very, very high performing business. It actually generated in all of '09 as Bill said an incredibly impressive EBITDA of 1.7. That is in a trough, demand led trough and great recession of all time. So we know we have a very high performing asset. We have our flexi-crackers as I indicated. We also have premium technology in the metallocene solution and polyethylene. We are a preferred partner. So we are not going to let this asset go at multiples that are reflected out there to by less than high-performing businesses that have transacted in the last six to twelve months. The partners we are talking to are all strategic. There is three of them. They are all very, very keen on being our partner, so we can grow this business in a JV construct. JV construct is our strategy for us in the Basics because we can believe, we believe like our equity earnings already showed that we can generate money for the Dow Chemical Company's shareholders on a different construct in a different ownership structure that will come in below the line and it will generate like you saw $284 million of earnings, a good chunk of that coming from EQUATE last quarter. So we believe we are on strategy. We are not in a hurry. We are very patient. The people we are talking to are very, very deliberate and understanding how we put such a venture together. I still believe, like my priorities indicated, we will do something sometime this year. But I am not in a hurry to get it done at the wrong valuation.
John McNulty: Okay. Thanks a lot and just as a follow-up on the cost cuts that are coming in and it looks like they're coming a lot faster than you expected is that a function of you having more things to cut and finding more things to cut than maybe what you thought or is it just better execution? How should we think about the potential for maybe cost cuts that are better than what you expected over the long term?
Andrew Liveris: So really structural cost reductions and Dow's ability to get those, we have a whole track record, a whole history of being operationally excellent. When you give Dow people targets they achieve and then they jump even higher and overachieve. So we have a deliberate portfolio management strategy that should help us continue to work this hard. Why? Because we do have businesses that we won't fund for long-term growth. They might be good cash generators or we could divest them or over time we could just decide like we have on the Basic Chemical side that we won't be in those businesses and we will take those assets down rather than reinvest in them. Then on top of that we have increasingly found different ways to provide low cost services. Our recent announcement we made in November with the Tata Consulting Group to set up a business shared services here, center here in Midland which will take transactional costs and even lower than them one more time again. You can continue, expect to continue to see us develop those sorts of ways to reduce costs.
John McNulty: Thank you.
Operator: well go to our next question which comes from Paul Mann with Morgan Stanley.
Paul Mann: Thanks. Just a couple of financially related questions. Perhaps you could talk about the currency effect on earnings and revenues in the fourth quarter and at current rates what would you expect the currency effect to be in 2010? Then also just on the tax rate, you just guided, I think, to a fairly low tax rate for 2010. How do you see the tax rate developing longer-term say in 2011 and 2012? And is this tax rate purely driven by higher equity income or is it other factors that are changing the tax structure of the Group?
Bill Weideman: This is Bill Weideman. Let me touch on that. The currency impact this year which is relevant to price is roughly, same quarter last year is roughly about 3% and sequentially it is 1%. So fourth versus third but as you know currency also, that is on the revenue side the impact. As you know currency also impacts our cost. So on a net margin basis the currency didn't have a material impact on our earnings for the year. Going forward and to answer your question going forward into 2010, our condition is that the dollar is going to remain weak and so we see the same conditions that we've got existing today. To answer your question about the tax rate, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, the reason the tax rate is lower is because of the significant growth that we have had in the emerging geographies. And as you know, the emerging geographies have a lower tax rate than the more developed countries. Also, the quick rebound in our equity earnings which as you know, on the financial statements are reported on an after-tax basis. If you look at the underlying tax rate for Dow this year it was about 15%. We see that continuing for 2010. As I mentioned we think the tax rate will be between 15% and 20%. And probably continuing into probably 2011 because I think, again until the U.S. and Europe catch up which are higher tax areas that our overall tax rate will be lower. I hope that answers your question.
Paul Mann: That's great. Thank you.
Operator: And next we will go to Don Carson with UBS.
Don Carson: Thank you.
Andrew Liveris: Hi. Don.
Don Carson: Hi. Andrew. A follow-up on the asset-light strategy. I mean, obviously you want to get the right price for Basic Plastics if you sell it at all. But what about the chlorine envelope and where do you stand in rightsizing that business because recovery looks somewhat further out there?
Andrew Liveris: Actually Basic Chemicals had a decent quarter compared to history. Now it is still a long way to go in terms of its recovery but the chlorine side, the ECUs, started to find the bottom which is great. Now if you look at our positioning, to your point, we are not going to be in the merchant market on EVC/VCM long-term. And our partnership in 2011 with Shintech is obviously over. We have re-rightsized our asset footprint to really fundamentally get down in the U.S. Gulf Coast, where we are advantaged especially on the gas side. That advantage we want to parlay directly into our performance businesses. So today a good chunk of our chlorine capacity in Louisiana and Texas will feed our downstream chlorine envelope for performance businesses and be advantaged. Because it is integrated. We have all the utilities, the infrastructure and the gas et cetera. You can expect us though to continue to find meaningful partnerships with people who want to be in PVC. So in essence, we will use our competitive advantage to partner with others because you have to have scale in the chlorine side obviously because it is obviously a very capital-intensive business. That should help us create an asset-light strategy for chlorine. We are determined to do that. We feel we can get it done. It hasn't been top-tier. We did EO/EG first and then we did Styrenics. We have STYRON up for divestment. We've got polyethylene ethylene to do asset-light but chlorine is the next one.
Don Carson: Then just to follow-up on Ag, your R&D is up quite a bit. At what point does, I mean, this year you're going to start seeing some licensing income from SmartStax but does your licensing income start to cover that increased R&D burden or do you still think perhaps you could partner with somebody to give you scale in R&D? Andrew Liveris I think we are developing scale through this build and collaborate model that you just indicated. You should start to as '10 becomes '11, '12 with DHT and SmartStax, we will start to see licensing income start to mitigate some of those R&D increases. But to be truthful with you, we still see Ag as a spender or investor in the next several years to help build up its pipeline not only on the season trade side as the two I just indicated but also on the chemical side. They've got some pretty exciting launches going on. So we will preferentially keep feeding Ag R&D dollars because they can generate high-margin businesses. We have good news. We have high-margin businesses in electronics, a lot of the Advanced Materials businesses Specialty Materials and Ag. We will keep prioritizing the 1.6 billion but my estimate is in the next several years you'll see that $1.6 billion increase in R&D spending a lot because of Ag and Electronics.
Operator: Okay. Well take our next question that will come from Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Koort: Thanks. Good morning.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning, Bob
Robert Koort: Andrew, the Rohm and Haas asset you acquired, clearly the electronic side is doing a terrific job 30% plus margins but the coating side continuing to limp along a bit with single-digit margins. Can you give us some sense on f what you see is the path for those normalized margins around 20%?
Andrew Liveris: Yes. Certainly on coatings the real synergy play that has already begun, it certainly has happened on the cost side but on the margin side has yet to begun, begin really is between industrial coatings where we, epoxy urethanes, Dow's traditional strengths and then Rohm and Haas' traditional strengths on acrylics. There is some exciting stuff happening on, on cost synergies there. I have already mentioned the low to no VOC, no odor coating is a good example of a first business out of the chute. So one way is through the growth synergies. The second is their presence in the emerging geographies and synergizing the footprints between Dow's businesses and their businesses. We see their markets in the emerging geographies beginning to rebound, especially on the, if you like, the construction side where the coatings are being used in infrastructure, in particular. Really the drag for our results so far that you are indicating is a lot to do with U.S. residential U.S. commercial, our architectural side of one, the industrial side of the other and the inability for the cost cuts to have a meaningful effect on the margin because the price lag has occurred because propylene has had a run up and we are lagging a bit on price. All that to tell you that we believe a lot of that recovery will happen mid to second half of this year. And you will start to see a very strong performance in coatings back half of the year.
Robert Koort: On the tax rate guidance of 15% to 20% was that factored in when you threw out the 350 to 550 normalized earnings power at Dow or were you using some other rate?
Bill Weideman: We had factored that in because our projections assumed significant growth in the emerging geographies.
Robert Koort: Got it. If I could just sneak one last one in. Andrew, you mentioned the very strong U.S. GDP in the fourth quarter. You gave a very helpful grid of regional and industry growth rates. I guess we didn't see that echoed in that grid for the fourth quarter. So is there some reason you would expect to lead or lag with GDP versus your own trends? Thanks.
Andrew Liveris: Well, if I understand your question fundamentally if you take the real consumption in the fourth quarter and then translate it into the first quarter and then beyond the U.S. consumer which is, just to remind you the U.S. consumer is one-fifth of global GDP. So the U.S. consumer any sign of rebound in the U.S. consumer, we should be a lead indicator in that. We think the restocking events that happened in the fourth which seems to be continuing, albeit [ph] we had a challenging year, in the first, is a good lead indicator to some confidence returning from a U.S. consumer point of view. What mitigates that and I think one of the reports that came out this morning, we gave about three words that maybe contradict each other. We don't see that as driving a rebound yet in the first half but it could drive it in the second half. Thanks Bob.
Operator: we move to our next question will come from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning.
Andrew Liveris: Hi. David.
David Begleiter: Andrew, could you update us both on the Ras Tanura project as well as the China coal to olefins project?
Andrew Liveris: Ras Tanura is moving ahead nicely on its milestones. The reduction on EPC contracts have come out of the Middle East. We have slowed it down to take advantage of that. Our partners are now (inaudible). Saudi Aramco has some very big refinery projects that just let that saw substantial decreases in EPC contracts that they let. So we have delayed the letting of anything until we get a full understanding of that. But that is still on track 2014, 2015, startup of the first units. We will have a lot more to say about all of that by the middle of the year. China coal to chemicals still very much proceeding through a very slow Chinese process. But having said that we are first cab off the rack in terms of taking low-cost power and low-cost inputs and converting them into plastics and chemicals in the middle of the country.
David Begleiter: Could you update us also on equity earnings in 2010 specifically Dow Corning, EQUATE and MEGlobal?
Bill Weideman: Without giving you, again, this is Bill Weideman, without giving you very specifics on each of those, we view that the equity earnings will continue on the track that we have got. And those will be in the $1 billion to slightly above $1 billion in total for 2010. Thanks David.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. Well move to our next question will come from Frank Mitsch with BB&T Capital Markets.
Frank Mitsch: Good morning, Andrew and thank you for taking a look at the note this morning.
Andrew Liveris: Not at all. I was very tempted to send you a note about the Jets but I didn't.
Frank Mitsch: That is hitting below the belt now. I'm still not over it. Just to follow up on that outlook statement in your slide 30 you referenced $1.25 run rate at the end of the third quarter. Here we are at the end of the fourth quarter. I believe that that November meeting you talked about $0.25 of additional cost savings that you expected in 2010. I believe, if I'm not mistaken that Bill gave some numbers this morning when he was talking about slide 16 of another $0.10 or so in terms of cost synergies that would drop to the bottom line. Care to take a swag at where you are on a run rate basis as we stand here today?
Andrew Liveris: The way I'll answer you is to highlight some of the things that I have already said. But firstly, our EBITDA run rate is now over the $6 billion mark. So that is the first thing I will say to you. The momentum in the fourth quarter is continuing into the first. The high growth rate that we have seen and the early look at a GDP that a previous question that was asked, I believe by Dave, we see an early GDP look here and frankly our Basic Plastics franchise, if you take what I said earlier is one of the early indicators of that. Look at the Basic Plastics results in the fourth quarter and look at our price increases out there. So that is all on the margin side. And we believe that $1.25, if you look out as the year progresses is not just a cost savings number but at a 3% GDP number with the early recovery that is going on with Basic Plastics and our ability to have a greater than $6 billion run rate because of margin and cost, will satisfy your question.
Frank Mitsch: All right. Thank you. If you could take a second and just respond. There were some press reports that suggested that you would have the STYRON transaction completed by the end of the first quarter. That seems to be in my opinion relatively aggressive since nothing has been announced at this point. Was that accurate? Also, there was a press report regarding negotiations with the Kuwaitis in terms of a settlement of the litigation from the collapse of the K-Dow deal. Can you comment on where that stands?
Andrew Liveris: The second one is completely erroneous and a missed [ph] report, so that deals with that one on the Kuwait deal settlement. That arbitration is continuing. On the first question, STYRON is on track. It has been very robust, a very robust process. We have more than a handful of people in the process still. They are going through, we gave them a second round because we liked what we were hearing and they liked what they were hearing and seeing. So it is probably very likely we will have something to say in the next month or two but I don't want to commit to a particular date. But the press reports were part accurate as most press reports are.
Operator: Okay. Well take our next caller that will be Bill Young with ChemSpeak.
Bill Young: Hi. There. Good morning. I went to follow up on another question, Andrew, please. It is the North American volume. You talked about downstream inventory building. The ISM numbers continue to do really well. I just didn't see that, just didn't see that in your North American volume numbers. And also of course, you've got to consider autos were doing a little bit better as well. May be give us an expansion on that please.
Andrew Liveris: The weak spot in volumes is North America. We wouldn't say it any other way. I think the vulnerability you just spoke about is one of the reasons. And that is the third-quarter Cash for Clunkers weren't there. That is on the negative side of the volume, so fourth quarter was a decline for us. We had the coatings issue we talked about which is seasonality. So that was another reason the North American volumes was not as good as maybe the rest of the world. Certainly even Europe was better than North America. But I would say this, the tire companies are coming back and they are building, so that is a positive. Housing starts are coming back so residential is looking better. I would say there is a case to say North America will start to get better in the next six months. And the drag happens to be the U.S. consumer spend. So I would say to you though some of the indicators are that the North American volume issue in the fourth quarter, if you can call it there, was not a severe one.
Bill Young: Okay. Great. Last but not least, you mentioned debt reduction as a prime use of cash. What can we expect ahead for dividends, even modest dividend increases in the coming year or two?
Andrew Liveris: We are going to be very cautious. I would like a lot of more traction on economic recovery before we get firm on that sort of question.
Bill Young: Okay. Thanks.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks very much, Bill. Thanks very much to all of you. We are going to have to end of the call at this point. I would like to turn it over to Andrew just to say a couple of closing comment before we do though.
Andrew Liveris: Yes and so I just want to thank you. We didn't get to all of you. I just would like to say as we close out '09, I would tell you that the portfolio we have in terms of growth, growth synergies and the R&D investment on Ag, on electronics, some of these businesses we acquired from Rohm and Haas and the synergies, we will deliver the cost. It is really the growth synergies that we will start talking to you all about as economic recovery takes hold.
Howard Ungerleider: All right. Thanks very much. We look forward to speaking with each of you soon.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference call. We do thank you all for your participation.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-22 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company's third quarter 2009 earnings results conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Howard Ungerleider, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, Lisa. Good morning, everyone and welcome. As usual, we are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dows Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Geoffery Merszei, Dows Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and David Johnson, Director and Investor Relations. Around 6:30 this morning, October 22, our earnings release went out on PRNewswire and was posted on the Internet on Dow's Web site, Dow.com. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. The slides are posted on our Web site on the Presentations page of the Investor Relations section or through the link to our webcast. As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our Web site. Our earnings release as well as recent SEC filings are available on the Internet at Dow.com. The agenda for today's call is on slide #3. Now I will have the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Thanks, Howard, and good morning, everyone. On slide #4 I refer to the fact that the third quarter was another quarter of continued improvement for the Company and we made meaningful progress on a number of fronts. We delivered sequentially better results for the third quarter in a row, driven in part by our recently acquired business units that captured early cycle growth and a strong rebound in demand in emerging geographies. Operating earnings of $0.24 per share were once again improved versus the prior quarter, reflecting the benefits of our broad geographic presence and our vast portfolio, which enabled us to capitalize on markets that are showing an economic rebound. Specific areas of strength include Electronics and Coatings, where government stimulus spending is spurring domestic demand in China and other Asian economies. We achieved pricing power in the quarter, with price up 6% on a sequential basis. Now while volume was flat in China versus last quarter on a year-over-year basis, volume grew an impressive 10%. And significantly we generated more than $600 million in cash from operations in the quarter. Our global operating rate improved 3 points to 78%, reflecting both rapid actions to rightsize our manufacturing footprint as well as improving economic conditions. We also reduced structural costs by more than $1 billion year-to-date and we now are at more than 110% of the 12 month cost synergy run rate goal for the integration of Rohm and Haas in just six months since we closed that acquisition. We also closed two divestitures in the quarter. And we did so at very good multiples, generating nearly $1.5 billion in combined gross proceeds from the sale of TRN and OPTIMAL. And with the sale of Morton Salt closing on October 1, for $1.7 billion in gross proceeds, we completely repaid our bridge loan 90 days ahead of our goal. So as you can see, this was another quarter marked by strong execution, tight business management and a focus on delivering against our stated goals. On slide #5 I refer to the fact that emerging geographies played an important role in our performance this quarter, particularly in Greater China, Southeast Asia, India, Latin America, and the Middle East, which all showed more robust growth. In China, government stimulus spending help spur demand for everything from appliances to automobiles. Now here are some examples of the sequential volume growth we experienced in China, in particular. Electronic materials, up 15%; Coatings and Infrastructure, up 16%; Automotive, up 5%; and Polyethylene, up 10%. Brazil was another bright spot with volume growth of 18% versus last quarter. So as you can see, both China and Brazil have rebounded very quickly. We are seeing similar robustness in India and in other emerging geographies. Now there are challenges that certainly remain out there, particularly in the mature economies such as those of the United States and Western Europe. In these areas the economic recovery remains somewhat muted at this point. In the United States this is due to high unemployment and reduced consumer spending that is creating a drag on economic recovery. More on this later. On slide #6 we show that our vast end market reach in many applications industries gives us a unique view into the global economic recovery as we see virtually all sectors from many perspectives and many points of views. And by this I mean by geography, by industry, and by end market use. We have had in place a robust tracking mechanism since the beginning of the year, the output of which you can see here. This June versus September comparison shows that demand destruction for the most part has ended and recovery has started. The good news is that our strong global presence and broad market exposure continue to bolster our business as overall economic recovery begin, plus we are in key value chain and not overly exposed to any in particular. And demand recovery, which is highlighted in green, is now taking place in a number of key sectors, where Dow is well-positioned. As I said, our new business portfolio was one of the key drivers of success in this quarter. If you turn to slide #7, let me now provide a few high level details per operating segment about what drove performance in the quarter. Higher growth, higher margin businesses such as Electronics and Coatings were significant contributors to our ability to capture early stage growth. Consider EBITDA margins of more than 30% in Electronic and Specialty Materials, with total EBITDA and margins both improving on a year-over-year and sequential basis. Foundry utilization rates in the quarter were more than 90%, as semiconductor production increased. In Specialty Materials, the home and personal care sectors were bright spots, helped by share gains in end markets that have been generally less impacted by the recession. As were the products of Dow Water & Process Solutions, which reported a modest improvement in sales due to higher shipments of reverse osmosis membranes for large projects, mostly offset by lower demand from industrial segments. Dow Corning also delivered a significant improvement in its results in the quarter due to a broad-based demand improvement, both geographically and in end markets, including Coatings, Advanced Materials, Electronics and Life Sciences. In Coatings and Infrastructure margins also expanded in Coatings, up about 4.5 percentage points versus a year ago, reflecting stabilization in the sector. Improvements have been seen in all regions for both architectural and industrial coatings, especially relative to the first quarter lows. Business results in Dow Building and Construction improved sequentially, driven by the slow rebound in commercial construction, notably in North America as well as in Europe and Asia-Pacific. Several of the businesses I just discussed play a key role in our overall growth strategy and originate from our acquisition of Rohm and Haas, which are now part of our Dow Advanced Materials division. On slide #8 you can see that in Health and Agricultural Sciences, Dow AgroSciences had a challenging quarter. In addition to seasonal weakness, weather, oversupply of key agricultural chemicals such as glyphosate and lower farm commodity prices negatively impacted quarterly results on a year-over-year basis, particularly in Latin America, where shifting commodity prices favored soybean versus corn. This shift unfavorably impacted us in two ways. Dow has a much larger share of corn in the region, so we sold less seed in the quarter. And secondly, soy also requires fewer inputs, so Agricultural and Chemicals businesses were also negatively impacted. These are short-term challenges. Since we believe the long-term fundamentals for the agricultural sector remained firmly intact. That's why we continue to be investors in this vital sector. People will always need food and increasingly care about nutrition. In fact, Agricultural R&D expenses were up $16 million year-on-year. Notably, consumers are demanding healthier foods that are lower in saturated fat or higher in fiber content. Dow is responding with a zero trans fat Omega 9 canola and sunflower oils made from NEXERA, canola and sunflower seeds developed by Dow AgroSciences. Global demand for grain is increasing as well as the growing middle class in emerging economies demand better nutrition. And farmers are looking to improve their crop yields to meet this increased demand. They are turning to Dow AgroSciences for new seeds that enhance yields and are insect resistant and herbicide tolerant. This is why we continue to invest for growth in our seeds and traits platform. In fact, our breakthrough SmartStax technology achieved two significant regulatory milestones in the quarter and it remains on track for a 2010 commercial launch. We also achieved double-digit market segment share in cotton in the U.S., reflecting the investments we have made to grow its share in this high value segment, where adoption of biotechnology traits have been the most rapid. And these are just a few of the many breakthroughs in Dow AgroSciences robust technology pipeline, which will contribute to earnings growth in the future. In Performance Systems, Automotive Systems showed a rebound in the quarter as the benefits of various government stimuli programs kicked in. Monthly volume gains in the quarter were driven by the stimulus programs in China, Brazil, the U.S. and Germany. In the U.S. the Cash for Clunkers government incentive program reduced excess vehicle inventory and OEMs responded by increasing production late in the quarter. Dow Elastomers also reported strong demand from the automotive sector as well as sales in the food packaging applications, which have shown resilience throughout the recession. In Performance Products, government stimulus programs fueled sequential volume growth in polyurethanes. However, margins were impacted by the steep increase in raw material costs. This also impacted epoxy in the quarter, where lower industry operating rates hindered our ability to raise prices. However, epoxy did report strong sequential volume growth in key end use applications as the build-out of 3G mobile networks in China, continued at a brisk pace. Also in China, consumer electronics such as PCs, car, electronics and LCD televisions rebounded from earlier lows. As I wrap up the discussion on businesses in our Advanced Materials division, Dow AgroSciences as well as our Performance Systems and Performance Products divisions let me emphasize that these businesses are all linked by a common theme of innovation and differentiation, where technology is a key enabler to deliver solutions with higher and more sustainable margins. These divisions form the core of our transformed Company and they all performed admirably in the quarter. On slide #9 our Basic Plastics franchise, especially polyethylene is also showing tremendous resiliency during the recession, with strong price increases in all geographic regions. Certainly, the recent favorable cost position for both raw materials and energy on the U.S. Gulf Coast, when compared with higher cost locations in Europe and in Asia have contributed to the strength of polyethylene, in particular. This allowed for a competitive global position resulted in ample export opportunities throughout the quarter. And EQUATE, and our new Kuwait joint venture, the Kuwait Olefins Company, also delivered improved results sequentially, reinforcing our asset light strategy. Our Basic Chemicals segment face headwinds in the quarter. As you know, Chlor-Alkali is under pressure, both on the BCM side related to construction declines and on the caustic side, due to weak fundamentals in the alumina and pulp and paper industries. The good news here is we are taking swift action to rightsize our manufacturing footprint to match true demand. And we continue to position these businesses to feed our high value, higher margin downstream performance businesses. So that is a brief overview of our operating segments. I want to reinforce what we have been saying all year. We are focused on the items we can control. We are global and diverse. And we are positioning our new portfolio for robust growth and we are delivering on our commitments. Geoffery has more to say on all of these points. Geoffery?
Geoffery Merszei: Thank you, Andrew, and good morning, everyone. So let me begin by reviewing our financial results for the third quarter. Starting on slide #10, you can see that third quarter sales were $12 billion, which was down 32% from a year ago, but up 6% from the prior quarter. Volume declined 9% year-on-year and was flat with the second quarter. Now this year-over-year volume decline shows a marked improvement versus the second quarter when we reported a 20% decline in volume versus the prior year with a positive trend emerging. Now excluding Dow AgroSciences, which as you know is a seasonal business, volume actually increased by more than 3% versus the second quarter. And price was down 23% versus the year ago period, but up 6% again versus the second quarter. So these price gains helped to fully offset a sequential increase in feedstock and energy costs, which amounted to over $600 million. We continue to make excellent progress on cost cutting as Andrew made reference to earlier achieving $380 million in savings in the third quarter. And equity earnings were up 84% sequentially driven by much better results at Dow Corning and EQUATE. EBITDA, excluding certain items was $1.6 billion, down from the $1.8 billion in the year-ago period, and that is on a pro forma basis and flat sequentially. And if you exclude Ag, we delivered solid improvement of 9% versus the second quarter. Interest expense declined by $37 million sequentially, reflecting a reduction in the outstanding balance of our bridge loan in the quarter. And this expense will continue to come down as we make further progress in deleveraging our balance sheet. On slide #12 you can see the EPS recon for the quarter. On a GAAP basis we earned $0.63 per share. And excluding certain items and discontinued operations, we earned $0.24. Now certain items included $0.46 in gains from the sale of our stake in the OPTIMAL joint venture and our interest in the Dutch refinery, TRN as well as $0.01 of EPS impact related to discontinued operations during the quarter. And certain items also included a loss of $0.03 related to transaction and integration costs and a loss of $0.03 from the early extinguishment of debt. These results were also favorably impacted by a lower than expected tax rate in the quarter, which on an EPS basis equates to roughly $0.05. Now admittedly, our tax rate has fluctuated to a greater degree this year than normal, due to a number of factors. Now these include the acquisition of Rohm and Haas, which added more than 250 legal entities, and in fact, we prior to that already had 450, so now we have 700 legal entities that we need to consolidate, where we realized gains and losses around the globe. And in addition, the significant improvement in equity earnings, which as you know are recognized on an after-tax basis can heavily influence our effective tax rate in a given period. So now, if you consider our long-term historical average tax rate, we believe 25% is a good number to use on a go-forward basis. And taking all of this into account, operating earnings were substantially higher versus the second quarter. In fact, taking into account the higher than normal expenses related to the integration and the bridge amortization fees, our operating results would have been higher by approximately $100 million. So now let's go into some of the details of what drove our top-line performance starting on slide #13. The largest sequential price gains were in Basic Plastics, which was up 13% and Performance Products, which was up 6%. And on the geographic level, Europe was up 13% and North America was up 5% compared with the prior quarter. In turning to volume trends, as you can see on slide #14, you see that volume was flat versus second quarter, but up by 3% when you exclude the seasonality of course of Dow AgroSciences. Now there were a number of bright spots that drove the sequential improvement, including Electronics and Specialty Materials, which was up 7%; Performance Products, up 10%; and Coating and Infrastructure, which was up 4%. And taking a geographic look, certain regions outside of North America and Europe posted very strong growth versus the second quarter. For example, Latin America was up 12%, and India, Middle East and Africa was up 5%. And on a sequential basis volume was flat in Asia-Pacific. Now this was due to seasonal declines in Ag and weak demand in many of our basic businesses reflecting continued softness in China's export economy. Polyethylene was a notable exception, where volume in fact was up 10%. Now the good news is stimulus spending aimed at domestic demand favorably impacted some of our highest growth businesses such as the Electronics and the Coating segments. This contributed to a year-over-year volume increase of about 10% in China overall. Dow's broad global footprint, which is a key competitive advantage for our company, enabled us to capture this growth. Approximately two-thirds of our company business is transacted outside the United States. Now another important indicator of economic recovery is shown in our operating rate that you can see on slide #15. You can see the increase here is three points to 78%. This marks a third consecutive quarter of improvement in this important measure. And our third quarter rate also surpassed the operating rate from the third quarter of last year and above the full year 2008, the average, which in fact was 77%. Now another notable contributor to results in the quarter were equity earnings, which improved substantially. You can see that on slide #16. Results here were up 84% to $224 million, sequentially driven by strength in Dow Corning, where third quarter performance was very solid Silicone sales were up sequentially by more than 18% with substantial improvement in margins and earnings. So while year-to-date silicone sales are still below the 2008 level, Dow Corning is reporting a broad-based improvement in demand in many end markets, such as Coatings and Advanced Interface Materials, Electronics and Life Sciences. And for your information, silicone demand has historically been a very good indicator of economic activity, particularly here in the United States. Another strong contribution came from EQUATE, which benefited from feedstock costs that are much lower than the other parts of the world and of course along with the higher plastic prices. So it is also worth noting that equity earnings are now rapidly approaching a more normalized level of approximately $250 million per quarter, about $1 billion on an annualized basis. So let's move on to cost control and you can see on slide #15, we reduced structural cost by $380 million in the quarter. Pro forma SG&A was down more than $100 million on a year-over-year basis, reflecting our ongoing cost management actions. And capital spending year-to-date was $894 million on a pro forma basis. We remain on track to achieve our 2009 goal of $1.4 billion in CapEx spending. As you can see on slide 18, we have made great progress against our goal of capturing $1.3 billion in cost synergies from the Rohm and Haas acquisition. We have achieved an end of third quarter annualized run rate of more than $875 million. And that puts us more than 110% towards our 12-month run rate goal in just the first six months. We continue to make excellent progress in all of the key synergy categories and have realized $433 million in savings year-to-date. These savings are comprised of the following as you can see on slide #19. $213 million in purchase savings from leveraging the supplier contracts between Dow and the Rohm and Haas entity. $88 million from corporate functions where shared services have been optimized. And $79 million from accelerating existing Rohm and Haas restructuring programs and $53 million from savings in manufacturing supply chain and other areas. Now looking at the details on an annualized run rate basis you can see our progress on slide #20. Purchasing synergies continue to ramp up nicely, already surpassing the 12-month run rate goal. It's important to note here that savings in purchasing go far beyond raw material purchases with approximately two-thirds achieved through the reductions in other areas. For example, cost savings from MRO, Maintenance, Repair and Operations, logistics and corporate services totaled $255 million. This is on a run rate basis. And speaking to our cost synergies are making the most impact, the vast majority of these savings in the range of about 80% to 85% are showing up in cost of sales. From an operating segment view the majority of the savings can be found on the combined Performance and in the Advanced Materials portfolio. So let's turn to slide #21 and our restructuring efforts. Here again, we have excellent progress to report. As you can see, we have delivered more than $220 million in realized savings. This is year-to-date and have achieved an end of third quarter annualized run rate of more than $400 million. And we remain ahead of our goal here as well. And regarding workforce reductions on slide #22, now while these decisions are obviously very difficult, they are a key part of our total cost savings effort and we have already achieved 77% of our stated goal. So in summary, we are well on our way to achieving all of our synergy and restructuring cost savings Now I would like to turn to some other significant financial achievements as you can see on slide #23. We completed the sales of OPTIMAL, TRN and Morton Salt for net proceeds of about $2.7 billion, which enabled us to repay the bridge ahead of our goal. The repayment of the bridge is a key milestone for the company and why so? Well, because with the repayment comes the elimination of the debt to EBITDA covenant. Now our balance sheet is left with only one meaningful financial ratio covenant across all of Dow's remaining debt. And that is a 65% debt to total capital requirement, which has been in our $3 billion revolving credit facility for a long time. At the end of the third quarter, as you know we had a gross debt to total capital ratio of 52.7%. After taking into account the more than $2.5 billion in cash on our balance sheet, which by the way is higher than usual, but we believe prudent in these difficult uncertain times, we have a net debt to total capital ratio of 49.8% at the end of the third quarter. And if you consider the proceeds from the sale of Morton Salt, which occurred immediately following the close of the quarter, in fact, it occurred on October the 1st, then our net debt to total capital ratio would have been just under 48%. I am also pleased to report that the Dow name remains strong in the financial markets. Our $18 billion in net fixed assets, assets which have no encumbrances, is just one of the many reasons that enabled us to successfully return to the commercial paper market in the quarter. In fact, as of the close of yesterday, we have approximately $1.2 billion of commercial paper outstanding. And cash flow from operations improved by more than $400 million versus the prior quarter. And if you consider the impact of nonrecurring cash payments, primarily related to the integration of Rohm and Haas, then this number would have been approximately $100 million higher. And last, but not least, we kept tight control on working capital with DSO at 66 days, which was flat with the second quarter, while we reduced DSO by 2 days to 45 in the same timeframe. And now I will turn the call back to Andrew for our outlook and some comments about our upcoming investor day.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you very much, Geoffery. On slide #24 I address the economic outlook for the rest of 2009, which in our view appears to be stabilizing with strong growth in Asia-Pacific, especially China, and other emerging geographies like Brazil, India and Southeast Asia. We also believe that the global economy is now on firmer footing. Just a few facts for you. World trade is beginning to pick up as imports and exports appear to have touched bottom in the second quarter. China, Korea and Taiwan report renewed growth in exports with Korea's improvement led by increases in semiconductors, automotive and LCDs. Thirdly, U.S. industrial production rose for the third straight month in September. And there are more such footprints. However, we believe that the pace of the recovery will still be slower in Europe and the U.S., with the latter in particular having the high unemployment issue for a sustained period throughout 2010, which obviously will continue to be a drag on consumer spending. We see the continuation of economic rebound at a stronger pace in the emerging world, which we are capitalizing on today with our broad portfolio, and which continue to be a benefit to us as a broader global economic recovery occurs. We remain extremely well-positioned, especially now with the integration of Rohm and Haas, which has proceeded smoothly and successfully. In particular, the continued sequential margin strength and the year-on-year increases we have now seen in Dow Advanced Materials, show that the early cycle earnings power of our new portfolio is already demonstrated. So in summary, market stability has improved, but we continue to remain cautious about the ability of some economies to sustain growth. And of course, this is especially true of the United States and Europe. And until these economies return to normal, we believe global growth will be muted. Therefore, as we have stated, all of this year, our 2009 and 2010 operating plans do not count on material improvement in market conditions. We will continue to remain tightly focused on the factors we can control, such as costs, capital and cash flow management, which one more time we showed in the quarter. Dow continues to benefit from the smooth integration of Rohm and Haas and the decisive actions we took to accelerate our own restructuring efforts and of course the cost synergies. We have also made significant improvements to our balance sheet. We have strengthened our financial structure. And we are providing more flexibility in how we execute any further divestitures, which will be made on a timely and strategic basis. Going forward we will continue to manage our business with the same dedicated focus in the quarters ahead, and are confident that we are firmly on track to position Dow as an earnings growth company. And speaking of growth, on slide #25, I would like to spend just a few minutes in conclusion, talking about the tremendous progress we have made in shifting Dow's focus to one of a customer-driven, growth-oriented company. We believe that the moment has arrived, and it is about deploying the right organization with the right skills for the appropriate business opportunities to unleash the earnings power of the new Dow. And Dow has long deployed these three distinct business models very successfully as is shown on the slide. These are a highly integrated low cost model, that is of course ideally suited to our Basics portfolio. Polyethylene and Chlor-Alkali are good examples of that. Two, a performance oriented model, that' focused on product leadership and technology differentiation. Think about our world-class polyurethane and epoxy franchises when I talk about this model. And thirdly, our market-driven model, that's customer-centric and solutions-based. Our formulated systems, Dow Water & Process Solutions and Dow AgroSciences have all been excellent examples of our successes in this business model. And with the acquisition of Rohm and Haas, our new Dow Advanced Materials division brings additional breadth and depth to this part of the company. And as we have said in the past, these business models are supported strongly by a lean corporate center. On this point we are set to announce a new strategic partnership that will make our already lean and efficient corporate center even more so. We will share more details on that news along with the many innovative technologies, products and businesses that will drive our future earnings growth at our upcoming investor day on November 12. This will be a great opportunity to hear directly from our executive leadership about our transformation into a market-driven, Performance, AgroSciences and Advanced Materials company. We will also detail more expansively what we think Dow is capable of delivering in terms of growth and provide granularity on the normalized earnings power of our new portfolio. A key feature of this event will be an innovation themed gallery walk, which we will highlight the many products and technology platforms we have underway that will fuel earnings growth into the future. Our reinvigorated innovation engine and its alignment to key mega trends, such as energy, transportation and infrastructure, consumerism and health and nutrition will be on full display. These will be hosted by business and technology leaders from many areas of our company, which will give you the opportunity to see and see and be part of our breadth and depth of management as well as to speak directly with Dow's key innovators. As you can tell, I am extremely excited about this event and I know we will see you all there. I now will turn the call back to Howard.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, Andrew. That wraps up our prepared remarks. For your reference a copy of these comments will be posted on Dow's Web site later today. Now we will move on to your questions. Before we do though I would like to remind you that my comments on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both our prepared remarks and any comment may come up during the Q&A. Lisa, would you please explain the Q&A procedure?
Operator: Yes, thank you, sir. (Operator instructions). We will take our first question from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar: Good morning. In Electronics, did you have any new contract wins in either 32-nanometer or 22-nanometer fabs?
Andrew Liveris: No, P.J., we did not. And fundamentally what we are seeing there is no significant market share changes or competitor wins. In fact, third quarter '09 versus third quarter '08 we only saw about a 2% price decline against the entire semiconductor technologies businesses. Now, we don't break out specific pricing effects we've had, but equally in slurry, there was no significant slurry market share shifts in either wins for either us or anyone else. And while I've got this whole point, we think the outlook for 2010 is improving much quicker than we anticipated earlier this year. Our forecast for silicone and semiconductor sales are predicting double-digit positive growth for 2010. Gartner, the research group, is predicting actually a forecast in silicon consumption of 22% in 2010, which is one of the strongest rebounds that the entire industry would have seen in a downturn. So we are very well poised to grab that.
P.J. Juvekar: Great, thank you. So no change in market share. And just quickly on Ag, farmer incomes have dropped, so do you expect the sort of weakness that you saw in Ag to last into next year? Thank you.
Andrew Liveris: P.J., on Ag there was a lot of factors impacting the Q3, none of these ideally we believe, is this, lots of one-time is in here, the corn soybean shifted our (inaudible) in Brazil, for example. So no. We believe the dynamic on Ag remains intact as I said on my remarks, food, seed, fuel, as well as of course nutrition factors are all driving and we have a tremendous couple of big events next year, SmartStax are referred to and we also got DHT which I didn't refer to, so we believe we will benefit from a growing need for food and farm products.
Operator: We will take our next question from Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Koort: Thanks very much. And complements to Howard on the slide deck here. It has a lot of helpful information so we appreciate that. Particularly on slide #14, when you guys walked through your volume bridge from the second quarter, you showed quite a bit of pick-up. I'm wondering if you could tell me what we might expect on a seasonal basis? Is this truly underlying growth or is it just a seasonal issue?
Andrew Liveris: Thank you for your question. If you look at slide #14, and you will see we say flat versus second quarter, but up versus, if you exclude Ag. And then we've already said Ag had some one-timers. We believe the underlyings are good in Electronics, in Specialty Materials, in Coatings, in Infrastructure, and our Performance businesses. And of course, now with that being two-thirds of our portfolio, the underlying volume increases you're seeing here we believe is sustainable even in a weak economy globally. If you put the economy globally at 2%, because the U.S. is sitting, if you like, between 0 and 2, depending on which forecast you want to read. What we've done is we have positioned this portfolio with a big tilt to the emerging economies. In the Electronics business alone, with our exposure to Asia now with Rohm and Haas legacy businesses, the Coatings businesses and what's going on in China with respect to infrastructure spend; these are all we believe sustainable volume increases. What we have done on the Basic side is we're doing price volume management. So there the volumes sequentially were actually not up, but price was up. And you will see us on the Basic side continue to titrate price volume management. So volume will not be remarkable on the Basic side, because margin is what we're going for. But on the good, high quality, high margin Performance businesses, we believe we can sustain the sorts of volume increases that we've seen out there based on true demand.
Robert Koort: And on that point, I guess when I look in the appendix slides on the Specialty businesses it seemed pretty remarkable the pricing you got through the quarter that it appears now it's coincident with raw material inflation. Is there something that you're doing, approach it different that it isn't creating the typical lag there?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, I think what you are seeing is we are a company that has always been good at price volume management, but we now institutionalized portfolio management. So all year now we have run the business operating team meetings that we call them, where we get the business directors in and they are working as a group, as a team, on how to titrate margin expansion and sustain price versus what assets we keep running. And our asset take-out, even on the performance side has been quite remarkable to match against the new demand dynamics that's out there. So with the raw material inflationary issue, we've been able to keep ahead on most of the Performance businesses. Now not true on polyurethanes in the quarter, but we believe we can keep doing that and keep showing margin expansion even on an inflationary hydrocarbon environment. Now of course the inflationary hydrocarbon environment has to be mitigated about this newfound competitiveness in the United States on the ethylene chain. Natural gas, ethane and the ability for Dow to have flexi crackers, and for our ability to go light and help all the chain on ethylene has been a significant new advantage especially on the export front. So price volume management, a raw material advantage, and the corollary that we've done on assets to take out low performing assets, all of that is active. And we believe that will allow margin expansion to occur in the Performance businesses.
Robert Koort: Perfect, thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Don Carson with UBS.
Don Carson: Yes, thank you. Andrew, wanted to follow-up on this new found competitiveness in the U.S. Gulf Coast. Obviously, with high oil to gas ratio that's increasing the competitiveness of ethane-based crackers in the U.S. and obviously in Western Canada as well. So two questions there. Near-term, do you see this very strong export window, it's narrowing somewhat, do you see it disappearing with new capacity in the Middle East? Just wonder what you think the sustainability of the export window is. And looking at a longer-term, does this new found North American competitiveness increase potential partner interest in partnering the ethylene chain business once again? And if so, do you think that has positive implications for the potential value you might get for these assets?
Andrew Liveris: You are right on. I will get to your second question first. I mean there's definitely new found value in the U.S. assets based on the natural gas. Natural gas is a wonderful story for this country and it's a wonderful story for Dow. And because of that the value of our franchise in the United States, especially because we've rightsized it to be a domestic demand asset base, that's a very significant point. Remember, we did that this year. We took out all the purchases. So, we are now fundamentally end market domestic demand-oriented and exports, which at these price levels on natural gas and ethane and this dollar level are very competitive. In fact, they are competitive by 40% versus Northeast Asia's naphtha-based production. So, clearly we have a new value and a new set of partner possibilities on this franchise. We're being very deliberate in our discussions there because of that exact point. So, that answer your second question. Flip it to the first question, the way we're approaching ourselves on all this is to basically say that it's still disadvantage versus the Middle East. So, that doesn't change. So the ethylene supply/demand balance, clearly, as we go into next year with a lot of Middle East capacity coming on, we've got 10 million pounds coming on in general over the next 18 months. Half of that is Middle East. And some of it is us of course with the Kuwait assets. What we're going to be very careful about there is that we don't build new assets in the United States or Canada based on export. You can't do that anymore. So you got to keep yourself focused on domestic demand. I believe the U.S. is the last place that product will find itself to from the Middle East. Europe will be more impacted. And so, when you have some surpluses, which I believe you'll have next year, the operating rates will hover in the low-to-mid 80% based on capacity rationalization that's occurred, but of course, mitigated by excess supply, in particular competitive stuff from the Middle East. So we believe we're fine in North America. We're fine in Europe as long as we paid clear attention to the thing that gives us advantage, which is our flexible fees. We believe we can manage our margins. This business has outperformed in a down year.
Don Carson: Just as a follow-up, the Basic Chemicals is not as well positioned, what's your strategy for the chlorine envelope in the U.S. Gulf Coast?
Andrew Liveris: Very, very quickly, we are rightsizing it to suit our performance businesses period. We do not want to be long-term commodity ECU oriented. We've got a lot of that already. We're consolidating into the Gulf Coast. We've moved out of Canada, etc., We'll keep doing that. We're moving more and more to our Performance footprint. Actually, over 70% of the fluorine we now produce is going to our Performance businesses.
Don Carson: Okay, thank you.
Operator: We take our next question from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Thank you, good morning.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning.
David Begleiter: Andrew, just following up the last question, are you more inclined to keep the old K-Dow JV inside Dow (inaudible) competitiveness in the Gulf Coast and the lack of interest or willing buyers overseas?
Andrew Liveris: Well, we do have interest in buyers, so just to answer that the way I answered on the previous question with Don. We have got strategic traction. There is no question. What we are now seeing is because of our actions, especially all the ones we did post the K-Dow collapse, all the rightsizing of assets, the natural gas feedstock flexibility point we just made, clearly, clearly, the value of that franchise has increased. So what we are doing is we're improving our negotiating ability to put the right successor deal in place. And the people we are talking to know that. And so that's good news for our shareholders. Do we still go ahead and do a K-Dow? At the right price, we will, because we are building a portfolio with more predictable earnings capability, more high margin businesses and frankly, commodity assets, long-term, the petrochemical business, its rightful place is in advanced feedstock locations.
Operator: And move on to our next question from John McNulty with Credit Suisse.
John McNulty: Yes, good morning. With the volume improvements that you saw in a couple of your businesses, Coatings, the Performance segments, I'm a little bit curious as to why sequentially the EBITDA margins really softened up in almost every single one of the businesses. So can you kind of walk us through how we should think about those businesses maybe going forward?
Andrew Liveris: So, John, the one thing that happened in the quarter is it was referred on the earlier question, there was oil price movement and naphtha movement and clearly propylene movement. Propylene was actually up 40%. So this is now the lag issue. Even though we did well on price in some of these Performance businesses, it's still in polyurethanes, epoxies, lags. So we've got work in front of us to raise prices there. We are working on that to catch up on the propylene side. So that explains the observation you made.
John McNulty: Okay, and then just as a quick follow-up, with regard to the better than expected cost cuts that you're seeing on the Rohm and Haas cost cuts and synergies, is that strictly because it's coming in faster, or do you have greater hope that maybe you can do better than the 1.3 that you had put out there a while back?
Andrew Liveris: The answer is we are sticking to the 1.3, because as you know the world changed dramatically last December and we put a lot of effort working with our Rohm and Haas legacy leaders to put together the target of 1.3. When we first announced the deal it was around 800 million. So we really raised the number significantly. And on top of that we put another $1.2 billion of our own restructuring in place. So that's a $2.5 billion take out end of year 2010 run rate number, which a lot of that will hit the bottom line next year. So we said that we would do that because of what's happened to the world economy, that we would rightsize assets, not just in Rohm and Haas, but in Dow. We're way ahead as Geoffery explained. We believe that, that will hit the bottom-line as we go into the next year and the next calendar year. And as a consequence of that, we have margin expansion in our future because we're controlling what we can control. All the while paying strong attention to not atrophying the business model of Rohm and Haas. We're putting a lot of work and time and attention on that. You will see that in full color on November 12.
John McNulty: Great, thanks very much.
Andrew Liveris: Thanks, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sergey Vasnetsov with Barclays.
Andrew Liveris: Hi, Sergey.
Sergey Vasnetsov: Good morning. Hi. Slides #13 and #14 to me one of the most interesting in this presentation and clearly shows that Howard and his team work over the weekend has paid off. So I just wanted to ask you to comment a little bit more, how you were able to achieve a pretty meaningful price increases in an overall sales very weak economy and still fairly low operating rate. And perhaps you can comment specifically on Europe and Performance products.
Andrew Liveris: Sergey, I would like to say there is some magic here. This is Dow 101. I have already referenced the run the business group. The business division leaders sit together. They bring in the business directors. They rotate them through. The ones who are doing well come in on a Friday. The ones who are doing less well spend the weekend with them. So that is the Dow that we have. We are managing across the envelopes better because we are lock-stepped together between with the propylene point I made a few minutes ago, where do we maximize the value of propylene derivatives. So each business has to come with the high value price volume strategy. So it's margin management 101, block and tackling, execution, tight business management and nothing other than that.
Sergey Vasnetsov: Excellent. A question to Geoffery. Given that the bridge loan has been paid down and presumably financial pressure is much less on the company than it was a few months ago, what's your timing and interest in moving ahead with Styron divestiture?
Geoffery Merszei: Actually, the Styron divestiture is well underway. The process is well underway. We are in discussions both with financial as well as with potential partners. And I think we will be able to announce more on where we stand on the Styron divestiture by the next quarterly earnings announcement. I expect by that time to have a lot more information.
Sergey Vasnetsov: Just one quick question. Based on recent management changes, there seem to be more shift towards (inaudible). Andrew, is this true? And if so, can you talk about the drivers for that?
Andrew Liveris: Sergey, you cut out just a touch on one of your key parts of your question. More shift to what?
Sergey Vasnetsov: Of power of decision-making towards the regional business.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, I'm glad you asked that. Look, we will have a lot to say about that on November 12. But long story short, you are very conscious as are many people on this call about Dow's traditional geographic strength. Geoffery and I are both products of it. We are putting a lot more emphasis on execution. We have the portfolio we want. We are executing 101. We want to implement in the geography with customers and partners, so we are putting more emphasis on our geographic structure. More to say on November 12.
Sergey Vasnetsov: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Butler with Glen Hill Investment.
Peter Butler: Good day. Good day.
Andrew Liveris: Good day.
Geoffery Merszei: Good day.
Peter Butler: Looking out three years or four years what sort of earnings potential do you see from SmartStax? And related to that, you are starting to contribute some Dow technology to that with your24D herbicide tolerance gene. What are you seeing out there three years or four years from now?
Andrew Liveris: Okay, so, Peter, On November 12, we are going to talk a little more about this. But just so you know, you said, in our view the way we believe it, which is SmartStax is a greater than $0.5 billion (inaudible) MPV. We're obviously very equipped to take advantage of that game changing technology. Clearly, we are not Monsanto, but we are entitled to using SmartStax to grab new share. And then you've got to the key point, which is DHT. We believe DHT could be two times to three times the value of SmartStax. It's proprietary to us. We intend to launch in 2012 with DHT stacked onto SmartStax and that will give us even more market share. So Dow's answer to our not so strong position in seeds and germ plasm is through technology enablement. You can expect us to strike agreements with our collaborative partners out there. We will have more to say about that as well. But that's new found earnings power that will start to appear in the 2010, 2012 timeframe.
Peter Butler: Thank you. I guess, related to this is, have you guys figured out any, do you have any new ideas on how to get some value in the stock market for some of these assets that are pretty well hidden like Dow Corning, Dow Ag, your joint ventures in the Middle East, etc.,?
Andrew Liveris: Well, I'm going to also defer to November 12th only to let you know that we believe that two-thirds of the company is Dow AgroSciences, Dow Corning, Advanced Materials, Performance Systems, Performance Products. So the way we will answer your question ultimately is the new Dow will reflect that portfolio, which are all high margin, high growth businesses. So we believe Dow Corning is a key part of our portfolio. We will represent it at the November 12th event. You will see key leaders from Dow Corning there. And we are very interested in the see-through point you just made by having a whole Company look like Dow Corning and Dow AgroScience and Advanced Materials. More on that on November 12, Peter.
Peter Butler: Okay, thanks.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: Hi, good morning. Sherwin-Williams in their third quarter earnings talked about the North American construction industry for them stepping down in the fourth quarter as the backlogs of the construction industry have been depleted. Is that something you are seeing or do you see gradual improvement in North American construction in the fourth quarter?
Andrew Liveris: Well, we have two views to construction. One is our building construction business, which as you know there is a piece of it that's new builds and there is a piece of it, a big piece of it that's DIY. The DIY is doing just fine, thank you very much as people spend more on their current houses. The new build are tepid, and therefore are creating all sorts of effects on the other side of the shop, which is Coatings. On the DIY we're seeing improvement in architectural coatings demand, but not so good on the new builds and not so good on the commercial side. So the consequence of that, we saw, of course, the Sherwin release, depending on where your portfolio is tilted, basically gives you a better view of the sustainability, especially on the DIY side. We believe the DIY side is sustainable and the new builds will start coming back as we go into 2010 on the residential side, but will be tempered by the commercial side. So all in all, we believe that the way we're positioned, we're fine. We won't be overexposed in any particular area. In fact, it tilts more positive than we've seen it in the past.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay, and then as my follow-up, I think your SG&A, ex-items, was about $657 million in the quarter. And it was $663 million in the second quarter, so there really wasn't much change. Is there something that artificially elevated your SG&A number in the third quarter, given all your cost cuts?
Geoffery Merszei: Yes, Jeff, I'm actually glad you brought that up. Because what we had in the second quarter is that we actually had a reversal of some bad debt reserves in the second quarter. So the second quarter was, say, artificially lower than normally is. And it really is a reflection of our great work on the accounts receivable side. Year-to-date we have a write-off of less than $10 million. And as you know, early in the year a lot of people were in trouble and so this is a reflection of a special item in the second quarter.
Jeff Zekauskas: What was the size of that item?
Andrew Liveris: It represented the vast majority of the delta.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin McCarthy with Banc of America.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, good morning. Andrew, I was wondering if you might comment on the impact of the weaker U.S. dollar on Dow in terms of trade flows, any expected impact on input costs related to oil? And also any near-term financial considerations given hedging or lack thereof?
Andrew Liveris: Kevin, clearly the spot export situation is looking pretty sustainable over a weak U.S. dollar basis. So our assets in Freeport, for example, are running at capacity, which is a great statement for our U.S. asset base. So of course the flip of that is high oil price. So you get it on one side and you lose it on the other unless you can actually get prices up. And clearly you saw us doing that. So we're paying a lot of attention to your point. Where is oil going? Where is naphtha going? That impacts our European business in particular on input. But clearly on our export competitiveness out of the U.S., while the U.S. domestic demand economy is still not strong, we have the export side, and I think that's a great help. And that assists of course our ability to be competitive for the long-term. We will keep taking out assets because the value creation has to be there, depending on sustained views, and we don't operate based on sustained views on currency. Let me feed that over to Geoffery then on the financial side.
Geoffery Merszei: Clearly, as you know, with a Company with two-thirds of its business transacted outside of the United States, we do have an exposure. And basically, a weak U.S. dollar turns out to be positive for us. Keep in mind that actually in the third quarter if you compare it to year-over-year, the dollar actually strengthened if you take the average rate. So on a year-over-year basis it negatively impacted us by about $0.13. We don't make a big deal about this, but that is a fact. So there was a negative impact year-over-year of about $0.13. Of course, since the beginning of the third quarter, the dollar of course weakened, and so that had a favorable impact of about half of the impact that I just described on a year-over-year basis. So long-term with a weakening dollar trend that translates positively for Dow on the bottom line.
Kevin McCarthy: Quick follow-up, if I may, Geoff, on tax rate, you mentioned some of the considerations causing volatility there, what should we anticipate for the fourth quarter and 2010 on the tax line in terms of the rate?
Geoffery Merszei: The tax rate is admittedly a little frustrating with all of the moving parts right now. Then, of course, with the relatively lower earnings the moving parts do have quite an impact. But going forward we do expect a rate of about 25%, which is pretty close to what we said earlier in the year. So for modeling purposes, both for the remaining part of the year as well as for next year, why don't you use 25%.
Kevin McCarthy: Very good. Thank you very much.
Howard Ungerleider: Lisa, we have time for one last question.
Operator: We will take our final question from Bill Young with ChemSpeak.
Bill Young: Hi, good morning, gentlemen. Couple of real quick things. I've noticed, Andrew, a kind of a change in your attitude on Ag, if you go back pre-Rohm and Haas acquisition closing. From today it sounds like possibly a joint venture or a partial IPO, it seems like it's kind of moving away from consideration although maybe not definitely. So I wonder if you could comment on that. And second, on the commercial construction side, I think you said in your press release that there is a slow rebound coming, which seems to be a little different from what you said a few minutes ago.
Andrew Liveris: Okay, so on Ag, firstly, the third question that earlier in the year everything was on the table in this company to ensure that liquidity and leverage was not an issue on a go-forward basis. Repairing the balance sheet post-Rohm & Haas was priority one, two and three. Preserving the investment grade rating, priority one, two and three. So going forward as the year-end folded we had proof points. Those proof points came fast and they came ahead of everyone's expectations. And we are not exactly happy with where we are, but we are a long way forward from where we were six months ago. A key earner like Ag is a very important part of our growth portfolio. So you are right. There is a tonality shift, but it doesn't stop us from maximizing shareholder value by looking at the right deal for the right reasons at the right time. Where there was Peter Butler's question on a see-through model for Dow AgroSciences, that could be an answer. A collaboration model, all the way up to joint venturing with the right strategic partner that could be an answer. In the meantime, we're going to invest for growth. And we will have differentiation and high margins, which will continue to improve the value of Dow AgroSciences. We had a process, we had substantial offers, we put it on hold, and now we're very orientated to looking at collaborations. Now, clearly on the commercial construction side, it's a very difficult market to read. I differentiated, that's what I want to explain myself on the DIY part. But on balance what we said on the press release remains true.
Bill Young: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Bill.
Operator: And that concludes today's question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Ungerleider for any additional or closing remarks.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, thanks, Lisa. We're going to have to end the call at this point, but we'd like to thank you very much for joining us this morning and appreciate your interest in Dow Chemical Company. We very much look forward to speaking with you at our Investor Day in New York on November 12 and again on our fourth quarter earnings call in January. Thanks very much.
Operator: That concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Dow Chemical Companys second quarter 2009 earnings results conference call. Todays call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Howard Ungerleider, Vice President of Investor Relations, please go ahead, sir.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks Regina. Good morning everyone and welcome. As usual, were making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dows express written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dows Chairman and CEO; Geoffery Merszei, Dows Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Heinz Haller, Executive Vice President of Performance Products and Systems; and Jeff Tate, Director in Investor Relations. Around 6.30 this morning, July 30 our earnings release went out on PR Newswire and was posted on the Internet on Dows website, dow.com. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments on this conference call. The slides are posted on our website on the presentations page of the investor relations section or through the link to our webcast. As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We cant guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates and we dont plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If youd like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our website. Our earnings releases as well as recent SEC filings are available on the Internet at dow.com. Now, I would like to run through the agenda for todays call on slide three. Andrew will begin the call with a summary of our business results and our numerous significant achievements of the last 90 days. Geoffery will then provide additional financial context around our quarterly results, our restructuring and cost synergy efforts, as well as our improving capital structure. As you will recall, each quarter we are focusing on elements of our portfolio that will give you better insight into key drivers of our profitability. Last quarter, we highlighted our new Advanced Materials division and today we have Heinz, who will share elements of profitability and market success across our Performance Products and Systems portfolio of businesses. Andrew will then wrap up our prepared remarks with our outlook and what to expect in the coming quarter. With that, Ill hand the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Howard and good morning everyone. The second quarter was one of, if not the, most active quarters in our companys history. If you look at slide four, I can run through what happened. Im really very pleased to report that Dow has made tremendous progress against a number of strategic goals that we laid out earlier in the year. We delivered positive operating earnings in the quarter; we accelerated cost reductions from restructuring activities and Rohm and Haas related synergies and we are ahead of schedule on both fronts. We launched both successful debt and equity issuances and eliminated all of the perpetual preferred stock from our balance sheet, improving EPS by more than $0.05 per share on a go forward basis. We reduced our $9.2 billion bridge loan by $5 billion. We signed four definitive divestitures agreements that will further deleverage our balance sheet, and we remain on track to deliver $4 billion in asset sales by the end of the year. We completed an enterprise wide strategic review that confirmed we are on the right path to earnings growth. Today, Dow is comprised of an excellent mix of high-margin, high-growth, lower earnings volatilities businesses. We will continue to preferentially invest in our Advanced Materials, AgroSciences and Performance portfolios to further increase the percentage of our business that comes from these units. Businesses like Dow Wolff Cellulosics, Dow Water & Process Solutions, the evolving portfolio of Automotive systems, Polyurethane and Epoxy systems and Dow Solid Solutions all have the power to reshape our earnings profile even further toward one that is built on science and technology. Our ultimate goal, to make Dow a company that is rewarded for its intellectual property and the value those ideas deliver. At the same time, we clearly know what is non-strategic and we are taking quick action to divest those businesses consistent with our practice of active portfolio management. We will continue to make decisions that move Dow away from its legacy of heavily-integrated, capital-intensive business models. Our asset light strategy would deliver on this goal and we will remain committed to forming a new venture for our ethylene and ethylene derivatives business and today, we are announcing a new path forward for our styrene and aromatics envelopes as well. I will speak more on this in a moment. So thats the quick review of the progress we have made at a strategic level. Let me now speak to our results in the second quarter on slide five. On an operating basis, which excludes certain items we were profitable, delivering earnings of $0.05 per share. This was the result of accelerated cost reductions, faster synergy achievements and volume gains versus the prior quarter. In fact, this was the first time, since the second quarter of last year where we posted sequential volume gains. Our Electronic and Specialty Materials, Coatings and Infrastructure and Performance Systems segments all posted impressive volume gains of at least 20% versus last quarter and our Basic Plastics segment also showed marked improvement sequentially, with EBITDA up more than 230% on strength in consumer and industrial packaging. We also delivered significant sequential volume improvements on a geographic basis. Asia-Pacific was up 34%; India, Middle East and Africa up 27%, and Latin America, up 12%. These statistics also show the differences in the pace of economic recovery, as well as the competitive advantage of Dows broad geographic footprint. These results fully offset a decline in Dow AgroSciences, driven by a number of unique headwinds in the Ag chemical space in the quarter. Geoffery will elaborate more on this in a moment. Now, I would like to speak to the many significant milestones we delivered in the quarter on slide six. First, an update on our ongoing transformation, which is best shown through our acquisition of Rohm and Haas. All major integration milestones to-date have been met or exceeded. Our cost synergy program is ahead of plan, both for the quarter and on a run rate basis. In fact, we have already in only three months, achieved a run rate of more than $570 million against our 12-month run rate target of $780 million and we are moving quickly towards our $1.3 billion synergy commitment related to this acquisition. Another important value of this transaction will be our ability to drive growth. Short-term and near-term efforts are underway to protect volume and market share, harmonize pricing and credit terms, cross-sell and leverage our market channels and geographic reach, with great progress being made in these areas. We have just passed the 100 day mark since the closing of this transaction. As a result of the detailed pre-day-one planning, the excellent cooperation between heritage Rohm and Haas and heritage Dow employees and the dedication and commitment by many of our leaders, we have made an outstanding start and are confident in the continued success and value creation of this integration. As announced yesterday, Pierre Brondeau is retiring from his role as CEO and President of Dow Advanced Materials. I would like to personally thank him for the hard work and tremendous accomplishments made by he and his team in integrating the two business units in such a short time, truly a Herculean task. He leaves, Advanced Materials in a much improved position, on track to meet its operating synergies with renewed customer focus and a stronger operating model. As for his successor, I have the utmost confidence that Jerome Peribere is the right person to take the helm. He has both the customer-centric mindset and the internal relationships to make Dow Advanced Materials a winner and most importantly, he has successfully run an independent business unit inside of Dow. He has also been the architect of the highly successful strategy at Dow AgroSciences that has enabled it to evolve into a higher-margin, higher-growth business. As Ive stated in the past, Dow AgroSciences and Dow Advanced Materials have similar operating models. Both are highly differentiated and have high-growth and high-margin potential. Jeromes global experience and understanding of Dows overall strategy will help him leverage his experience at Dow AgroSciences to further enhance, strengthen and grow Dow Advanced Materials. Finally, Jerome leaves Dow AgroSciences in very good hands. Antonio Galindez, his successor is a Dow veteran of 26 years, who currently leads the Global Crops business unit. He has also been instrumental in bringing the new SmartStax seed technology to market. I have every confidence that he will build on Jeromes success and look forward to working together with him to make the right strategic decisions in that business. On slide seven, Id like to review the progress we have made on our de-leveraging plan. Since April 1, we have reached definitive agreements to divest three of the non-strategic assets we identified for sale on March 9. We announced the sales of Morton Salt, our stake in Dutch refinery TRN, and our calcium chloride business will generate $2.6 billion of gross proceeds that will be used to pay down our bridge facility. I am pleased to report that we closed the calcium chloride transaction in the quarter. You will note that this gain impacted EPS by $0.10 in the quarter, which is reflected in discontinued operations. This morning, we announced a fourth major divestment, an agreement to sell our interest in OPTIMAL to PETRONAS for an enterprise value of Dows share of more than $724 million and a net equity value of $660 million. We expect this transaction to close by the end of the third quarter of this year. We also made great strides to improve our capital structure in the quarter. We executed extremely successful equity and debt issuances, which raised approximately $9 billion in capital and enabled us to retire all of the Series B Perpetual Preferred shares, the most expensive element of our capital structure from our balance sheet. This move was immediately accretive to our common shareholders. These actions when taken in total, keeps us on track to deleverage our balance sheet. As you can see, we have been managing our business with both focus and precision, and are confident we are on track to position Dow as an earnings growth company. Slide eight, on that same point, Id like to update you on the results of an enterprise wide strategic review we conducted in the quarter and the decisions that we have made about the future strategic direction of the company. Weve established a five year plan that will drive resource prioritization, including capital, expense, and cost management. A key element of the transformation will be further developing those businesses that are based on science and technology and investing in R&D, where we can achieve long term sustainable competitive advantage. On slide nine, you will see that we will also continue to drive towards higher margin, higher growth, less cyclical businesses that are based on knowledge and intellectual property, which will lead to more consistent earnings growth in the future. On slide 10, you will see that our R&D team, led by Bill Banholzer, has done an outstanding job of refocusing our R&D efforts on patent advantage sales, which deliver much higher margins, consider this fact. Patent disclosures will have tripled in the past five years. As you look at slide 11, you will see that we will continue to pursue investments that align with the four economic mega trends we believe will drive growth in the future, energy, transportation and infrastructure, health and nutrition, and consumerism. As I mentioned, our acquisition of Rohm and Haas is a major proof point of this commitment, and we continue to discover numerous growth synergies that will come as a result of the acquisition. Another outcome of our strategic review was that our asset light approach to basics will continue to be a key component of the transformation, and will indeed be accelerated. As you can see on slide 12, we are committed to staying the course on moving away from our traditional ethylene based integrated production model. This component of our strategy will enable these businesses to continue to thrive and grow with strategic partners and resource earners, while lowering Dows capital requirement. In addition, consistent with our practice of active portfolio management, we continue to take quick and aggressive action to right-size our manufacturing footprint by shutting down ethylene and ethylene derivative assets. A key outcome of our strategic review was the decision to shut down an ethylene cracker and EO/EG and EDC/VCM production units in Louisiana. These shutdowns are in addition to numerous other ethylene derivative closures that have occurred as part of a restructuring program that we announced in the fourth quarter of 2008. When taken in total, these shutdowns will reduce our ethylene demand by approximately 30% on the U.S. Gulf Coast, and as a result, we will be eliminating purchases of ethylene from the merchant market, which is approximately 3 billion pounds annually. This will improve the companys cost position while fully integrating ethylene production with internal demand. We are also taking action on chlor-alkali. Since 2007, we have shut down one million metric tons of capacity in North America, again with the goal of better matching our production to internal requirements of our downstream performance businesses. On slide 13, let me close this part of the discussion by saying our transformation is on track. We are making excellent progress on changing the earnings profile of the company, and we remain fully committed to our strategy and the tough decisions that will be needed in the future to realize Dows full potential. Now on slide 14, I would like to update you on the progress we are making on our ongoing divestiture program. As we have communicated previously, we are committed to not only liberating resources for our growth businesses, but more importantly, deleveraging the balance sheet and protecting our investment grade credit rating. Although we have committed to divest $4 billion in assets by the end of 2009, our potential list of divestments totals $23 billion to $26 billion and through our successful efforts since April 1, we have definitive agreements in place for approximately $3.3 billion of divestments, keeping us on track to deliver against our deleveraging effort. The proceeds from these sales will be applied to pay down our bridge loan. As for the other potential assets on the list, here is a brief update on where we stand. Regarding our olefins envelope and related derivatives, outreach and dialogue continues with our Kuwaiti partners, and we continue to have parallel negotiations with two other state owned resource owners for a venture similar in scope to K-Dow. These discussions are proceeding on an orderly and timely basis, and we will have more to say when there is something to be said. We are progressing in parallel with additional possibilities to strategically position some of these assets in several regional "asset light" partnerships. As you have seen from our results this quarter, these businesses are strong earners and are showing resiliency even in these difficult economic times. The second grouping that you will recall, are businesses that comprise our Styrenics & Aromatics envelope. These are good quality businesses with significant value potential, but our enterprise-wide strategic review confirmed these are simply not core to our future direction. On slide 15, you will see that today we are announcing that we are grouping these businesses and more together under the name STYRON Corporation, which will initially be a business unit of the Dow Chemical Company, with an intent to form a subsidiary at an appropriate time. We are appointing a CEO and CFO to head this new business unit. They will be charged with first streamlining operations and improving profitability. This will better prepare the unit to do business under a different ownership structure in the future, while at the same time generating greater profitability for Dow. In addition to S/B Rubber and S/B Latex, STYRON Corporation will now include polycarbonate compounds and blends, ABS SAN resins, expandable polystyrene, and polystyrene and styrene monomer. These businesses together have revenues of around $5 billion and employ more than 1,500 people with more than 40 manufacturing locations worldwide. These businesses serve a broad array of applications, including packaging, durable and consumer goods, coatings for paper and the automotive industry. Our newly appointed executive leadership is well prepared to lead the new company. Both the, CEO, Mark Remmert, and CFO, Celso Goncalves, are more than 30-year Dow veterans, and each have significant experience in these businesses and are ideally suited for this entrepreneurial challenge. We also believe carving these businesses out as a separate subsidiary makes them more attractive to potential investors or potential acquirers. The ultimate goal here is to form a subsidiary at an appropriate time in the future. Jim Fitterling, Vice President of Corporate Development, will have executive oversight to guide Mark and Celso, as they execute the best strategic option for Dow. A third grouping is several standalone businesses, the Rohm and Haas powder coatings business, the FTC-required divestitures, Dow AgroSciences, and others. We continue to pursue strategic options around the businesses on this list, and when the status of any of these officially change or an agreement is reached, we will update you promptly, specifically, with regard to Dow AgroSciences. Based on our strategic review and our desire to move to higher growth, technology driven, and innovation based business platforms, I can tell you that our current thinking and my personal preference is that this business should be part of Dows long term future. With that said, we remain open to exploring all options that will strengthen Dow AgroSciences and position it for growth, while at the same time maximizing value for our shareholders. As we have said in the past, these options include a strategic alliance and/or part monetization, inclusive of a partial IPO. The important point to remember is, we remained committed to our deleveraging plan and to maintaining our investment grade credit rating while completing our strategic transformation. Before I turn the call over to Geoffery, I would like to quickly discuss the reporting structure for the new Dow. As you can see on slides 16 and 17, and as you know, over the past year Dow has undergone a period of important change and with this change comes the realignment of our operating segments. We listened to your requests for additional clarity and transparency and we believe our new operating structure will give you greater insight into the elements of market success and profitability for the new Dow Chemical Company. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Geoffery for an update on our financial performance in the quarter.
Geoffery Merszei: Thank you, Andrew and good morning. Lets now take a closer look at our financial performance this quarter. Now beginning with slide 18, on a pro forma basis we reported sales of $11.3 billion, 40% lower than the same period last year, driven by 20% declines in both volume and price. Now, it should come as no surprise that, on a year-over-year basis, our business was down. Given the current economic conditions, I believe comparisons to the prior quarter offer more insight as to where we stand relative to the steep declines that we experienced in the fourth quarter of 2008. Therefore, most of my comments will refer to pro forma comparisons versus the prior quarter. With this view, we are observing a number of positive trends. On a sequential basis, we saw 5% improvement in volume, which gained momentum as the quarter progressed and price held flat with the prior quarter, reflecting the hard work of our commercial team. Our aggressive cost-cutting and expense management actions yielded positive results in the quarter as well. Structural costs were down more than $375 million in the quarter and more than $600 million year-to-date. EBITDA, excluding certain items, improved 64% to $1.6 billion versus the first quarter. Im on slide 19. That said, on a GAAP basis, Dow reported a loss in earnings per share of $0.47. This result was impacted by certain items that reduced earnings per share, such as, the one-time step-up in the valuation of inventories acquired from Rohm and Haas and sold during the quarter of $0.13. A restructuring charge totaling $0.43 and acquisition-related transaction costs of $0.06 per share. As well as the impact of discontinued operations related to the sale of our Calcium Chloride business of $0.10. Excluding these items, operating earnings were $0.05 per share in the second quarter. Now, I would like to speak to the volume trends we are observing as seen on slides 20 through 22. So, here are some specific examples. In Electronics and Specialty Materials, volume was up 22% from the prior quarter on increased demand from inexpensive cell phones, low-cost netbook computers and flat-panel TVs and in Coatings and Infrastructure volume was up 21%, as demand for architectural coatings began to stabilize and traditional seasonal demand patterns kicked in although they were not at an historical level. June was the strongest month of the quarter and the first time we have had flat year-over-year sales volume since the fourth quarter of 2006. Volume was also up in Performance Systems, where government spending aimed at the automotive sector helped drive demand in geographies such as Brazil, Germany, and China. We also posted a significant volume increase in Basic Plastics. In fact, up 7% from the first quarter, on higher demand from industrial and consumer packaging. The positive volume trends improved our operating rates seven percentage points from the first quarter to 75%, which certainly helped us on fixed costs. So, while demand is still well below last years levels, destocking appears to be over. We believe most value chains still have a very low inventory level as customers seek to optimize working capital requirements, matching their production to demand. So, these improvements fully offset a decline in Dow AgroSciences and here I would like you to refer to slide 24, which confronted a number of unique headwinds in the quarter. Unusually wet weather in the U.S. and Europe, coupled with extreme drought conditions in Argentina, reduced weed pressure tremendously. In addition, rapidly-falling firm commodity prices changed farmer sentiment as they looked to reduce their input costs, resulting in lower demand for Ag chemicals and the collapse of glyphosate pricing in the quarter, led by the weather conditions I just mentioned along. With increased pressure from imported generics, led to steep declines in the value of inventories on hand and the results also reflect lower licensing revenues versus the prior quarter and some unfavorable currency impact versus the same period last year. So, despite these headwinds, seeds, traits, and oils continue to deliver impressive growth. Corn sales were up 76% year-over-year, and cotton sales doubled. We also continue to make investments in research and development, as these are yielding great results, like last weeks news on U.S. EPA and Canadian Regulatory Authorization of our SmartStax seeds. Now this is a key enabler for the business to achieve double-digit corn share in the coming years and for us to develop our corn seed platforms into a billion dollar business. Another key area that contributed to our results in the quarter is a strong focus on cost control. Here Im referring to slide 25. We have reduced structural costs on more than $600 million in the first half of the year, with SG&A down $150 million in the second quarter versus a year ago and this is on a pro forma basis and R&D spending was down $35 million versus the same period last year, and this despite an increased investment of $10 million in Dow AgroSciences. Capital expenditures amounted to $629 million on a pro forma basis for the first half of the year and we remain on track to reach our commitment of $1.4 billion in capital expenditures this year and finally, net cash flow from operations was $140 million, up $220 million from the first quarter. Now, moving on to the topic of synergies here on slide 26 and Im pleased to report, we have made excellent progress on capturing cost synergies related to our acquisition of Rohm and Haas, as well as on our restructuring program we announced in the fourth quarter of 2008. On slide 26 and 27, you can see that we have already realized $228 million of cost synergies related to the acquisition. These consist of $118 million in purchasing savings from leveraging supplier contracts between the two companies, $55 million from accelerating existing Rohm and Haas restructuring programs and $45 million from corporate functions where shared services have been optimized. As you can see, we are on our way to achieving our 12-month target of $650 million in realized cost synergies. This puts us at more than 70% towards our 12-month run rate of $780 million. Turning now to our restructuring efforts on slide 28, here we are also making excellent progress. As you can see, we are already 77% towards our 2009 goal on a run rate basis and regarding workforce reduction, while these decisions are always very difficult. They are a key part of our total cost savings effort and we have already achieved 60% of our stated goals. The second quarter was also marked by several other important financial developments. First, as Andrew mentioned, we had an extremely successful equity and debt issuance in the quarter, which raised $9 billion in capital. In fact, our debt issuance was met with overwhelming interest in the market and was oversubscribed by more than three times and this enabled us to repurchase the $2.5 billion of Perpetual Preferred Series B shares from our capital structure. This, coupled with converting the Series B preferred shares to common stock, vastly improved our financial flexibility, while at the same time improving our net income, which benefits, of course, our shareholders. In fact, this quarters results included higher financing costs related to the Series B and C preferred shares, which were in our capital structure for about half of the quarter. These preferred shares had an unfavorable impact of more than $0.05 per share on an EPS basis and these costs have now been eliminated, of course, going forward. We also made significant progress on paying down our bridge loan, which currently stands at $4.1 billion. As Andrew said, down more than $5 billion from our initial draw on April, 1 and inline with the commitments we made earlier this year. Now, all of these actions we expect to achieve a total debt-to-capital ratio of less than 50% by the end of this year. Now, Id like to turn the call over to Heinz, who will talk in more detail about our Performance Products and Performance Systems segments. Heinz.
Heinz Haller: Thank you, Geoffery and good morning. I appreciate the opportunity to give you a brief overview of Dows Performance Products and Systems portfolio. In fact, more than $20 billion this portfolio ranks above most of the industrys standalone performance and specialty chemical company. As you can see on slide 30, this is a portfolio that is focused on integration, size, differentiated technology, and intellectual property. As shown on slide 31, at one end of our Performance Products segment, were our technology, global reach, and low cost supply capabilities make us the largest producer of many key building blocks for our customers, as well as many of Dows downstream businesses. At the other side of the spectrum is Performance Systems, where we deliver tailored solutions to customer needs. Here, rapid product development, marketing expertise drive faster commercialization of market focused and technology driven solutions. Today, Id like to give you a few examples of how Dows performance portfolio is delivering value for shareholders. Lets start with the key building block business, Dow polyurethanes and their new hydrogen peroxide to propylene oxide technology, also known as HPPO, highlighted on slide 32. Dow and BASF jointly developed and commercialized this new technology to manufacture Propylene, which is a key raw material for our Polyurethanes and Systems businesses. The new HPPO process offers both economic and environmental benefits. It requires 25% less capital to build, uses 35% less energy in production, and reduces wastewater by 70% to 80%. The worlds first commercial-scale HPPO plant started up this year at BASF site in Belgium. Dow is building a second major HPPO plant in Thailand, expected to come on stream in 2011. This project is an example of our ongoing investment in integration of our building block businesses that support our downstream Performance portfolio. In addition, it shows the economic and environmental benefit weve achieved by applying Dows vast R&D capabilities towards new manufacturing breakthroughs. Turning to slide 33, lets move downstream to the Systems side of the portfolio. Here, Dow Automotive systems is providing customer tailored solutions for fuel efficiency, safety, light weighting, and cleaner power. Let me share a few examples. Protecting lives is essential to vehicle engineering and our automotive solutions help to enhance crashworthiness. Already being use on various model made by Audi, Daimler and Jaguar, better made structural adhesives meets demanding specifications for bonding strength to enhance vehicle safety, while enabling reduced weight and lower manufacturing costs. Our BETAMATE adhesives platform was used on the current flagship BMW 7 Series to structurally bond the aluminum roof with the steel frame of the car, two materials that are very difficult to join together. This enabled BMW to use advanced materials and design, while at the same time delivering lighter weight and production efficiencies. Reducing emissions is another priority, and with our new AERIFY diesel particulate filter, which reduces exhaust emissions and improves fuel economy without compromising engine performance. We are also focused on the next generation of drivetrains. Dow recently announced a proposed joint venture for a lithium ion battery manufacturing facility to develop power for future hybrids and electric vehicles. Dow Automotive Systems also offers solutions that make vehicles tougher and lighter, increasing both energy efficiency and overall vehicle quality and appeal. These are just a few examples in the Dow Automotive Systems of the technology driven solutions that create higher margin and more stable growth over the long term. Last, Id like to talk about the acquisition of Hyperlast Limited that we made in May 2007. This acquisition supports Dows strategy to drive growth in Polyurethane Systems, showcased on slide 34. Again with the goal of generating more consistent earnings over the long run. With this acquisition, Dow gained critical expertise in fully formulated polyurethane and specialty elastomer systems to serve markets that require complex solutions, such as deep-sea pipe protection with Dow Hyperlast fantastic elastomeric foam. By combining Dows raw material integration, extensive geographic network and experiencing polyurethane chemistry with Hyperlasts experience in spray and cast elastomers, we reconnected the entire value chain from low cost building blocks to delivery of the fully formulated solution for specific customer needs. The chart on this slide shows the benefits of gross margin by selling formulated solutions, rather than just polyurethane components. As you can see, this provides more consistent and stable earnings growth because of the diverse technology driven customer base. This is the type of business that can further enable our transformation to an earnings growth company. Turning now to slide 35, as you have seen, weve targeted investment into our building block businesses in developing complete, fully formulated, custom tailored solutions in our downstream Systems businesses, Dows performance portfolio is delivering higher margins, higher growth, and more consistent earnings over the long term.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Heinz. Your portfolio clearly shows how our business is transforming to more consistent earnings growth. So Id like to now spend a few minutes talking about our outlook and priorities moving forward, before we turn it to questions. On slide 36, youre going to see that we now view, there are clear signs that stabilization is occurring, and we are seeing strong growth in Asia Pacific. We have noticed some very strong numbers, as more evidence shows that Chinas massive stimulus program is yielding dividends. For example, new bank loans there rose almost fivefold in June from a year ago. Car sales in that country rose a staggering 48% in June on a year-over-year basis, the biggest jump since February of 2006, after the government cut retail taxes and handed out subsidies in rural areas to help spur demand. Meanwhile, we expect the recovery in Europe and the U.S. to be slow, as unemployment continues to be a drag on consumer spending. Based on these factors, our operating plan for the balance of 2009, does not count on material improvements in market conditions. We believe this is prudent, given the growing uncertainty in the global economy. On slide 37, you can see what our priorities are for the balance of the year, where we will remain focused on continuing the smooth integration of Rohm and Haas, and further accelerating the achievement of both cost and growth synergies. We will continue our restructuring efforts, which include right-sizing our manufacturing footprint to reduce our exposure to Basics, while better matching production to demand of our downstream Performance businesses. These actions will take up to $2.5 billion of structural costs and will be key drivers of improved profitability in the coming quarters, since we are not counting on any help from improving economic conditions. We will also continue to execute on our deleveraging plan to further strengthen our balance sheet and provide us with more flexibility in how we execute our divestitures. Weve remain committed to our goal of a total debt-to-capital ratio of less than 50% by the end of the year. As I said in my opening comments, this was a very active quarter for Dow and it was a successful one on many fronts. We managed our business with a dedicated focus. We achieved our objectives and we delivered ahead of our stated commitments and we will continue to manage our business in the quarters ahead to do exactly the same. Most importantly, and just stepping back a bit, we are confident that we are on track to achieve our ultimate goal, something that we have been working on for quite a number of years, and that is to position Dow as an earnings-growth company. So I would now like to turn the floor back to Howard for the Q-and-A period.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, Andrew. That wraps up our prepared remarks. For your reference, a copy of these comments will be posted on Dows website later today. Now well move on to your questions. Before we do, though, Id like to remind you that my comments on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both our prepared remarks and to anything that may come up during the Q-and-A. Regina, would you please explain the Q-and-A process?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question will come from PJ Juvekar with Citigroup.
PJ Juvekar: Yes, Good morning Andrew.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning PJ
PJ Juvekar: Your prices have declined sequentially in most of the segments and your large German competitor made some cautious comments today on their call. Does it worry you that if volumes dont pick up, that pricing may not hold? Can you comment on that price-volume dynamic, please?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, of course variable by type of business, but to stay on the commodity side for a second, clearly we are seeing operating rate improvements because of sequential volume improvements, especially in the emerging world, PJ, and so exports out of the U.S. are occurring again in our commodities, and thats really good news. Of course, weve done some right-sizing of the asset footprint, but really that doesnt reflect very much in the operating rate in the first half. Most of that stuff will appear in terms of decreased capacity in the second half on a run rate basis. So, when you look at the commodities in particular, theyve been either able to hold price or even increase price a little bit, based on cost push. Remember, oil went down to, whatever it was $30s and $40s and naphtha to its equivalent. Its now back up to the $60 mark and naphtha followed it up. So, its more cost push pricing, not so much on snug supply demand, but on the rationale that costs are increasing and in fact, many producers, especially those who crack naphtha, cant make money even on a variable-margin basis and you will notice any just announced taking down a cracker in Italy just the other day. There are lots of capacity, 9 million tons, we figure, thats coming out of the system this year because of variable margin dynamics in the commodities. So, we believe there is some price momentum in the commodity side. Now, on the specialties, its much harder. Its got nothing to do, really, with the cost push. Its got everything to do with supply demand in this sector and the most promise there is really in the sectors that are showing sequential volume improvements of a great order of magnitude we tabled those. Electronic and Specialty Materials was up 22%, sequentially. The IT sector is showing some robustness, especially in Asia. Coatings and Infrastructure up 21% also showing robustness, also in Asia, Performance Systems, up 20%, also showing robustness now, not just in Asia but actually around the world. Dows have got decent price environments because of really large sequential improvements. So, I would say to you, Im not strong on the price curve right now, yet. I dont think were very aggressive on it. I would say we are holding and maybe a little bit of atrophy in some areas.
PJ Juvekar: Okay, thats helpful quickly on K-Dow; you mentioned that there are a couple of parties interested. Would you give us your thoughts on the valuation? And would you like to sell this business at the bottom of the cycle? Thank you.
Andrew Liveris: I think its a great question in the context of the business we now have. The improvements weve made on the balance sheet this year to give us the flexibility to make the right decision, not just on K-Dow or its successor deal, but also on other units in Dow, is really the big headline that wed like to articulate. We now have the flexibility to do what we have to do. On our pro forma balance sheet, with all the divestitures weve done, the equity raise, we are actually at the same point on debt-to-total cap that we would have been had we concluded the K-Dow deal, and thats a significant statement that weve performed against in the last five months. Were ahead of plan, which really means that we have retained all of that asset and as that asset performs, you notice Basic Plastics performed very well in the quarter. We really understand the point that youre making, which is this is bottom of the cycle. We have no desire to monetize a precious asset at the bottom of the cycle. So, the people we are talking to, we had lots of inquiries, but some of them were very opportunistic, that were doing what you were just suggesting. The two we are talking to are long-term owners. Theyre like the Kuwaitis. They understand the value of this franchise. They understand that this franchise has a tremendous upturn just in front of it, in the next several years, as the cycle turns and so, normalized earnings and normalized valuations are the way were thinking about it and thats the way those two counterparties are talking to us.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, P.J. next question Regina.
Operator: Our next question will come from Don Carson with UBS.
Don Carson: Thank you. Andrew, question on Dow AgroSciences. You mentioned that, you are now thinking that you, because of its growth, it should be an ongoing part of the Dow portfolio. Is that really reflect the fact that you are not able to get the kind of strategic premium that you think the business is worth?
Andrew Liveris: Don, we have obviously always carefully positioned ourselves here on Dow AgroSciences and that continues on this call. Dow AgroSciences is a very, I would say valuable property to everyone weve talked to and of course that includes, how we view Dow AgroSciences and we were very, very deep into a full divest process, because frankly, there was no choice a few months ago. During that period of time, we had to make a lot of decisions about how much of that process would go all the way versus our alternatives. As we undertook that process, it was clear there were buyers out there that viewed this property with the same value that we viewed it, but obviously, negotiations didnt get down to an exclusive. We believed that, if it went that far, that we would definitely realize a good valuation on Dow AgroSciences. The key question really, is would that be good for Dows shareholders and when I say that, the EBITDA potential of Dow AgroSciences demonstrated and into the future feeds our income stream and our ability to be an earnings growth company and helps us on our gross debt-to-EBITDA ratios. So, its counterintuitive to sell it at anything less than a full premium and I think thats really the mindset we are in right now. We are still having ongoing discussions. They include part monetizations and they include strategic alliance with key players in the sector and we are still maintaining full optionality on that unit and at this point in time, though as I said on the remarks, my personal preference is to retain it in the portfolio and seek enhanced collaborations with others.
Don Carson: As a follow-up, do you think if you retain it in the portfolio that it will be properly valued in whats really not obviously in Ag portfolio or is that why you also consider options like a partial monetization, partial IPO?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, I think your question answered your question. I mean, in essence the way you phrased the answer is exactly the way we think about it, Don.
Don Carson: Okay, thank you.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks Don. Regina next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.
Bob Koort: Thank you. Good morning.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning. Bob.
Bob Koort: Andrew, I think maybe you and or another of the speakers intimated that if you benchmarked your revenue base, you would argue that you could be the biggest specialty chemical company. Im curious, when you benchmark against margin structure, how do you compare against that industry?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, Bob, its obviously work in progress. As you can see from even the announcements weve made this quarter on Styron Corporation, we still have low-margin businesses in the portfolio. When you run a large diversified like ours and were not, where there is a few out there like us, like BASF, for example, as well as DuPont to a lesser degree. As we seek higher margin territory with our business in Dow AgroSciences, Dow Advanced Materials, half of Heinzs portfolio, Performance Systems, you look at businesses like Dow Water and Dow Wolff; they are all very great comparators to the specialty universe and the way we think about it is, its about $35 billion of our 08 revenue, which of course, were off in 09, but $35 billion of the, roughly $50-odd billion, $55 billion 08 revenue for Dow, thats in a true specialty universe valuation based on margins.
Bob Koort: Andrew, what would be wrong with this argument, that if youre going to get out of the commodity business, you need to do it quickly, because if it takes another year or 18 months, by that time you are at the cusp or insight of the potential up-tick and based on historic stock valuations, youre going to get to ride some of that potential optimism and enthusiasm as you come out of the commodity cycle. So, would it be fair that if you cant do something quick, it could actually be detrimental to shareholders to do something in the mid to long term?
Andrew Liveris: Well, I think its a really good observation and it really comes down to the inflection point that is imminently in front of us. You pick when you see it, but if you take the statements and if you look at our sequential volume improvements and you look at the stuff Geoffery reviewed on the call and you look at the stuff Heinz talked about. There is no question, we believe the trough is priced in now and so, the question really is, is there an inflection point on your point on the cycle, and we believe there is. We believe in the next 12 to 18 months, we are going to see exactly what you are talking about, which is why we are patient negotiators, Bob. We are not rushing this out the door. We believe that the value on a normalized basis can be realized if we are patient, along the lines you just talked about and we believe we have earned the right to be patient with the actions weve taken, and I think the most important intervention decision that weve announced on this morning, apart from the OPTIMAL divestment, which is a non-strategic asset, is Styron Corporation. Really what we are saying is we have other things we can do that are non-strategic. So, that we can take advantage of cycle and valuations on the business that is a strategic, which is the Polyolefins business.
Howard Ungerleider: Regina next question please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Sergey Vasnetsov - Barclays Capital.
Sergey Vasnetsov: Hi, good morning.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning, Sergey.
Sergey Vasnetsov: I think we need to bring Cassie out of retirement to enforce one question policy. So, my question was just on Dow AgroSciences business. So, there are three factors you mentioned.
Andrew Liveris: Sergey, sorry thats all the time we have for today.
Sergey Vasnetsov: Okay, alright.
Andrew Liveris: Im just kidding. Go ahead Sergey.
Sergey Vasnetsov: In Ag chemicals sector, results were somewhat lower than expected since you mentioned three factors. Can you just help us to break how much each factor contributed to the lower numbers?
Andrew Liveris: Geoffery.
Geoffery Merszei: How much is what? I didnt hear the question.
Sergey Vasnetsov: How much each factor contributed to the lower profits?
Geoffery Merszei: Each component, Im not sure we can answer you precisely, Sergey. So, why dont you let us take it offline? We have a sense of it, but we would rather give you a precise answer. So that means you can have another question.
Sergey Vasnetsov: Okay, alright. Next one is easy. So, as we make all the 2015 models for Dow Company for the full cycle, should we have K-Dow in them and because Im a little bit confused by the recent answer?
Andrew Liveris: Well, I think its an important question and I think you should know that, based on Bob Koorts question that its a fairly digital answer Sergey. Our strategic pathway is clear. It hasnt changed since 04, 05, which is really to find a petroceutical partner, to use your term, okay for our polyolefins asset is the right answer for Dow shareholders. So you should be assuming that by that time, we have definitely found that partner. We are very driven. I spend, Geoffery spends, and our team spends, Juan Luciano an awful lot of time in negotiations and discussions with the right partner, the right partners to form an asset-light joint venture in petroceutical. Thats our drive and I know this is something that youve been hearing a lot about and many of you want an announcement. Were not going to give you one of those. Were going to work on the right answer, but you should be thinking that will be put in place by that timeframe.
Sergey Vasnetsov: Thank you and good luck.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Sergey.
Operator: Next we will hear from John McNulty with Credit Suisse.
John McNulty: Good morning.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning.
John McNulty: Can we get an update in terms of what the cash flows looked like for the quarter?
Geoffery Merszei: Yes John. I mean we improved our cash flow, as I mentioned. The net cash flow from operations improved by over $200 million to $140 million. In that $140 million and that takes into account that we had a whole bunch of nonrecurring cash outflows that were related to the financing, to the bridge, as well as to the Perpetual Preferred and so if you add that all up, its about $200 million, okay. So, based on the number that I quoted earlier in my formal remarks of 140, you could add another 200 and then in addition to that, we had an unusual amount of dividends, receipt of dividends in the first quarter. So the delta, in fact, is even better than the way I described it in my formal remarks and going forward, you can expect us to report positive cash flows.
John McNulty: Great. Thanks a lot.
Geoffery Merszei: Thanks, John. Regina, next question please.
Operator: Now will be Frank Mitsch with BB&T Capital Markets.
Frank Mitsch: Already, good morning, folks.
Geoffery Merszei: Hi, good morning, Frank.
Frank Mitsch: To follow-up on the selling of commodity assets not at the bottom of the cycle, can you give us an idea as to what the EV-to-EBITDA multiple was that youre realizing for OPTIMAL?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, Howard is going to dig it up for you, but its roughly, on a 12 month trailing basis, I think it was around six.
Howard Ungerleider: Thats right. Thats correct.
Frank Mitsch: Alright. Presumably you might be looking for more than that for the K-Dow valuation, given its strategic positioning in an advantaged feedstock part of the world.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, clearly, Frank, that would be, you remember we got 7.2 from the Kuwaitis a year ago or less than a year ago when we renegotiated the deal on normalized, on a 2006 basis. On a normalized basis, thats different, of course. So really, we dont believe that peak multiples are going to be available to us if we go in the next six months. Remember what I said, weve earned the right to be patient, okay? So, were going to take our time because, as you just are implying, unlike OPTIMAL and unlike STYRON Corp., this is an incredibly important franchise to many people, including ourselves. So finding the right partner, putting it in the right place, and then doing a joint venture, so its not a sale, right? Its not a divestment. No control premium, then itll yield a multiple that makes sense for the future.
Frank Mitsch: Okay, great. Youd mentioned that June was the strongest month that youve seen this year. July is basically over. How is July?
Andrew Liveris: While we cant, we dont want to give strong indications. Remember, this is the, well, every quarter is a strange quarter, but the third quarter almost always is strange because of August and holidays in Europe, and Europe is not good, generally speaking. So throw on top of that holidays, youve got yourself weakness in the first part of the month. So July is a little off from June, but not a lot off. More critically, you should know that, especially with the Rohm and Haas legacy businesses, were having very strong numbers, even in July, coming out of our electronics unit in Asia, in particular. In fact, were on a global call this morning and the leader of the unit out there corrected me in saying that, it was strong. He said, It was very strong. So, we, I would tell you that, most of the quarter gets made in September. The third quarter is really made in September, but we do believe that the trends that Geoffery talked about, the sequential improvements, will continue in the third quarter.
Frank Mitsch: Great. Thank you.
Andrew Liveris: Thanks, Frank. Next question, Regina.
Operator: Will be from Peter Butler with Glen Hill Investment.
Andrew Liveris: Hi, Peter.
Peter Butler: Hi, guys. Hello. For my one question, could you guys kick around raw materials a little bit? I dont think you mentioned it so far on your presentation. What are you guys looking at for future oil prices, U.S. natural gas prices? Have you been significant buyers ahead? What is your hedge position, et cetera? Could you kick that around, please?
Andrew Liveris: So, obviously, Peter, we are a beneficiary of the feedstock and energy costs decline that we all have seen, mostly because of demand destruction, which youre well aware of, right? And so, and especially here in North America, natural gas has dropped considerably because of the increased supply. So youve got the two factors, demand destruction and increased supply. So whether its natural gas sitting in the mid $3 ranges here in the U.S. and oil in the 60s and the equivalent effects on naphtha, which as you know ethane does not follow natural gas. Naphtha does follow oil. We consider the declines to be basically at their bottom, and so in essence going forward, there should be some inclines on the hydrocarbon side. In fact, we are expecting several hundred million dollars increase, third versus second, on ethane, on NGLs, on naphtha, and thats the way were thinking about it, which feeds the question on price that I got earlier. We really are out there still pushing price on some of our basic plastics, in particular. So I would tell you that the way we are looking at this right now Peter, is that the hydrocarbon cycle is probably at its bottom, and there will be inclines from here, unless there is a double dip recession, which of course is a whole other factor. We are doing some physical hedging, okay and we have some of that. We normally dont talk much about that, but we are doing some of it.
Geoffery Merszei: Let me just add a couple of points. U.S. crude oil inventories are still at very high levels. In fact, they are about 7% above the five year average. Then, also when you look at natural gas, the inventories here in the U.S. are about 18% higher than the five year average. So the pricing on the oil side is really as a result of market optimism that the economic recovery is underway. Having said, theres still high inventory levels.
Peter Butler: Okay, thank you.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Peter.
Geoffery Merszei: Thanks Peter.
Andrew Liveris: Before the next question comes, I just want to make sure Ive got the OPTIMAL number right. Its six times multiple on a forward basis, but on a 2009 basis, its a 15 multiple.
Operator: Our next question will come from David Begleiter, Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Thank you, good morning.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning.
David Begleiter: Andrew, can you discuss the importance of the chlorine envelope in the new transformed Dow?
Andrew Liveris: Very clearly, Dave. Chlor-alkali is positioning Dow to be a feedstock for our Performance businesses. I mean, thats the way we think about it. We will get advantaged energy in the emerging world, whether it be in Saudi Arabia, whether it be in China. So that we can build chlor-alkali for our Performance businesses and there is a whole range of Performance businesses that use chlorine, as you know. So caustic, in that sense, is a flywheel. It moves market caustic to suit how much chlorine we produce. To the extent that we need second bite of the apple, which youve heard a lot about from us, which is to make excess to feed EDC. We will be an EDC producer, but really in partnership with vinyl PVC producers. We have, obviously, a very important one here in the U.S. with Shintech. Well have more of those as we build in the emerging world.
David Begleiter: Really ties into my next question. In terms of the Ras Tanura and China coal to olefins project, do those still make sense for Dow in this current structure?
Andrew Liveris: Yes. Clearly, its really an important question. Im glad you asked it. So the way you should think about us going forward is the market value added businesses, really in the main, dont need building blocks, but the Performances businesses do need building blocks. So we will do those projects because it will get us access to advantaged building blocks, Propylene Oxide, epichlorohydrin, acrylic acid, all the aromatic building blocks, but to the extent that we are partners with other people who want to build the Basics side of that, thats fine. Because we have technology we will license and we will be an equity participant, but our participation is totally driven by the building blocks of the Performance businesses.
David Begleiter: Thank you.
Geoffery Merszei: Thanks Dave. Regina, question please.
Operator: Well go to Kevin McCarthy, Bank of America/Merrill Lynch
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, good morning.
Andrew Liveris: Hi, Kevin.
Kevin McCarthy: Andrew, I was wondering if you could elaborate on your decision to form STYRON and discuss how much of that was due to the commodity nature of some of those molecules versus things like growth prospects and benzene integration. The second piece of it, given that youve re-segmented, I was wondering if somebody might help us with where these reside today. How much might be in Basic Plastics versus other segments of the company?
Andrew Liveris: On the first question, we looked at STYRON Co. as a group of businesses that are not just commodity, but also specialty. When you look at them, they rely on the styrene benzene integration point you just made, as well as bisphenol. So, they do have a degree of integration, but more critically, we believe from a Dow Chemical point of view, we have better businesses in our new portfolio that we need to feed to grow. So when you run a portfolio model, you have to make decisions on businesses that you cant grow, as well as other businesses you can grow, and so clearly they fit that footprint. They can grow in the emerging world. We believe businesses like S/B Latex and polycarbonate and compounds and blends have good growth prospects in the emerging world. The new ownership structure can feed that growth. Its quite possible that we will partner with people there. We will be a minority player. That could be one of the structures, because they all want us to be the operator, but in the main, these are businesses that, in our view, cant compete for capital and R&D dollar against the greater Dow. I am sorry, the second part of your question, Kevin?
Kevin McCarthy: Just how much might be in Basic Plastics today, given the re-segmentation?
Andrew Liveris: Its about 75% in Basic Plastics, 25% in Performance.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, Kevin. Well have time for Regina, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Now Jeff Zekauskas with JP Morgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: In the first half, the non-recurring charges were about $1.1 billion. What should they be in the second half and for next year?
Geoffery Merszei: Yes, Jeff. I cant comment yet on next year, but I think that we will have for the second half of the year some non-recurring charges which are related primarily to some of the severance activities related to synergies for the integration for Rohm and Haas and thats probably the largest component. There still maybe, in the second half of the year, up to about $100 million that is related to the various financing that we have in place, i.e., the bridge. So, thats probably the way I would comment for this year. For next year, its just frankly too early.
Jeff Zekauskas: So, order of magnitude for the second half. Is it, say, more than $500 million or less than $500 million?
Geoffery Merszei: No, no, no. I would say $200 million or $300 million.
Jeff Zekauskas: $200 million or $300 million and what is a good number for your interest expense going forward in the second half?
Geoffery Merszei: Okay. Jeff, interest expense for the second quarter was 525. Now in there, that includes some amortization fees and then fees that related to, again, to the bridge, etc. By the end of the year, we should have an interest expense run rate of roughly about $425 million, which assumes, of course, also a lower debt level as a result of the proceeds of the asset sales of, lets say, around $3 billion. So, take about a $20 billion debt level with a run rate of about 4.25.
Jeff Zekauskas: Okay, thank you very much.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you and were going to bring this to a close. Were sorry because weve run over time a little bit. I just want to reiterate that what youve seen from us over the last two quarters is what youre going to see more from us in the next two quarters and beyond. We have done our strategic reviews. We know what businesses we want to grow. We understand which businesses were not going to grow. We are ahead of schedule on deleveraging. We will continue to earn the right to earn investment grade rating. We have earned the right, though, to be patient in our deliberations and what we achieve. These milestones will continue to be achieved ahead of schedule, and as we create this new portfolio, we believe we will continue to surprise on the upside in terms of our results. We have done a lot of hard work to get us to this point. You should see us continue to do that. Thanks for your great interest in our company.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks for joining us on the call today. Our team looks forward to speaking with you again soon.
Operator: Thank you. Again, that does conclude todays conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company's First Quarter 2009 Earnings Results Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I am pleased to turn the conference over to Mr. Howard Ungerleider, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks Jennifer. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, we are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call, in any form, without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Geoffery Merszei, Dow's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Pierre Brondeau, President and CEO of Dow Advanced Materials, and Jeff Tate, Director, Investor Relations. Around 6:30 this morning, April 30, our earnings release went out on PR Newswire, and was posted on the Internet on Dow's website, dow.com. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments on this conference call. The slides are posted on our website, on the presentations page of the Investor Relations section, or through the link to our webcast. As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures, a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our website. Our earnings release, as well as recent SEC filings, are available on the Internet at dow.com in the Financial Reports page of the Investor Relations section. On slide three, I would like to run through the agenda for today's call. Andrew will begin the call with a high level overview of our first quarter results and our achievements of the last 90 days. He'll also outline our operating plan and our balance sheet de-leveraging plan, both of which were recently reviewed and approved by our board. Geoffrey will then review our first quarter results and discuss some of the business trends we observed in the quarter. Geoffrey will also give a brief overview of our first quarter results for Rohm and Haas, before turning the call over to Pierre, who'll provide an update on our integration efforts. Andrew will then end our prepared remarks today with a discussion of our outlook and our 2009 priorities. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Howard, and good morning, everybody. I would like to begin with an update on the progress we have made in the first part of this year, against the backdrop of what we can all agree, has been incredibly challenging operating environment. Let me start with some context around our first quarter results, which actually showed sequential improvement from last quarter. Geoffrey is going to give you a deep dive into the numbers. But, I want to point out what we have done to actually drive these results. These results reflect the demand destruction that continued into the first quarter, balanced of course by strong results from Dow AgroSciences. Inventory de-stocking appears to be over. So, at least one major component of demand destruction is behind us. We are encouraged by the operating very improvements that we have seen each month sequentially from December to April. Cost reduction actions we took also had a positive impact, as we adapted quickly to the environment, and they drove much of our sequential improvement in profitability. While we expect the recessionary environment to continue through the end of the this year, we actually have seen a few bright spots and some moderation in the pace of decline in the industry. And we're going to provide some color around this. We know that we have more work to do. But we also know that operational excellence and cost discipline are two of the hallmarks of Dow, and it shows particularly well in these times. We are taking the necessary actions to manage what is in our control, and we have in place operating plans to maintain and build on our strength, despite the challenges. The path is very clear to us. Now, turning to our progress in restoring stability to our company. We have made enormous strides by any measure. If you turn to slide four, you will see that since late January, we renegotiated the financing for our acquisition of Rohm and Haas, and settled a litigation to a satisfactory financial outcome. Two, we restructure the financial terms that allows us to both preserve financial flexibility, and advance our transformational strategy. Three, we announced the sale of Morton Salt on the same day we closed Rohm and Haas, and at a full price. Four, these actions have essentially reduced our original bridge loan by nearly 50%. And five, in addition, we have increased the cost synergies for the acquisition by over 40%; 4, 0. Six, we have validated the Rohm and Haas growth synergies of $3 billion. And seven, we announced and implemented cost savings that helped to enable a significant sequential improvement in earnings from fourth quarter of 2008, to first quarter 2009. Now, although we have made substantial progress, we know that there remains much work to do. And if you turn to slide five, you will in this regard that we have three key areas of focus. Strengthening our balanced sheet to protect our investment grade credit rating. Managing our business through a poor and uncertain operating environment, and successfully integrating Rohm and Haas into the new Dow. Pierre will talk in more detail about how we are doing to integrate Rohm and Haas, both from a cost and gross synergy point of view. But, let me expand upon what we are doing in these other two focus areas, de-leveraging the balance sheet and running the company in these turbulent economic times. Turning to slide six. In regards to meeting our financials targets and de-leveraging our balance sheet, we have a very disciplined, yet realistic plan, that we'll retire our Boehlen (ph) facility by the end of this year, even in these challenging times. This plan is also expected to keep our gross debt to EBITDA well within our covenants, and reduce our debt to total capital to a less than 50% by year-end. Asset sales, coupled with debt and equity issuances that we have already announced, are key elements to our K-Dow plan. And more divestments are on the way, inline with commitments we have made to divest approximately $4 billion in assets by year-end. And regarding our asset divestment plan, I would like to stress that we are seeking full value for these assets and that we have auctionality. Due to our successful re-negotiation of the bridge loan, and changes we've made to our capital structure, we are once again in control of our destiny. Now, let's more thoroughly review our divestment plans, and start with the assets we have already communicated to you. As you can see on slide seven, we took a meaningful step forward with our divestment of Morton Salt for $1.7 billion, coming just hours after closing our acquisition of Rohm and Haas. This sale is an attractive valuation. There is no financing contingency, and it will be a significant de-leveraging event. And as we previously communicated, we're planning on selling our share in TRN, a petroleum refinery partnership in Belgium. Our equity stake in olefins derivatives business in Southeast Asia, and our calcium chloride business. All of these divestments are progressing well, and we will have something to say on these three divestments very shortly. Now, if you look at slide eight, as we've discussed in the past, these are part of 12 divestment options that we are working on in parallel. All of these are high quality assets, with strong market and technology positions, and divestment ending the whole line part aligns with the company's strategic direction and our past practice of active portfolio management. I would like to give you more granularity and definition on some more of these 12 assets on today's call. The first group I'd like to describe are the assets that constitute our olefins envelope and relative derivatives. While outreach and dialogue continues with Kuwaiti partners, there are other parallel negotiations that are ongoing with two other state-owned resource owners, on an equivalent basis for the similar scope of the original K-Dow venture. These discussions are proceeding on an orderly and timely basis. We are also progressing in parallel, with additional possibilities to strategically position some of these assets in several regional asset like partnerships. The value range for the businesses in this envelop is approximately 4 to $6 billion, depending on the nature of the proposed venture. And we expect have more to say about some of these regional ventures in the next 90 days. The second grouping of business is are aromatics envelope. Here too, these are good quality businesses, with significant value potential that are simply not core to our strategic direction. Businesses such as SP Rubber and SP Latex, will be desirable in other enterprises. And we are pursuing both global and regional options for these units as well. The value range for these two and other business in this envelope is 1 to $2 billion. Options we are examining include strategic, financial and spin-off for this grouping. You'll hearing more about these in the next 90 days. Our third grouping is several standalone businesses that are non-strategic. In addition, the portfolio management discipline we have demonstrated over the past few years, continues with the acquisition of Rohm and Haas. After careful review, we have plans to divest the heritage Rohm and Haas powder coatings business. As this business does not have the strategic fit within the new Dow gas materials division. This business has historically competed with many key coatings customers, and with our acquisition these issues have been magnified. It is clear to us that divestment is the best choice. The full value of this business and several other standalone businesses, not strategic to Dow, are 2 to $3 billion. Now, another divestment option has been much discussed in the past is Dow AgroSciences. This business is strategic to Dow. But, given the current market for essence in the agricultural space, we have launched a rigorous evaluation process underway here as well, as we continue to assist the right strategic outcome for this business. Options include a full divestment, joint ventures, and possibly an IPO. So, as you can see we have significant optionality. In fact, the total value of all these divestiture groupings adds up to approximately $25 billion. We are running all these processes in parallel, and are looking for full value for these assets, in order to maximize the return for Dow shareholders, while accomplishing the objectives of our de-leveraging plan. Achieving $4 billion of divestitures out of this complete mix of assets is very doable in our view, within the timeframe of our bridge K-Dow plan. Other elements of our bridged K-Dow plan, include issuing public debt and equity. With respect to our ongoing financial plans, we are pleased that the capital markets appear to be constructive. We will continue to monitor debt, equity and M&A markets, as we look to be strategic and opportunistic regarding our capital structure. We tend to file pro forma financial statements for the combined enterprise in the early May. And surely thereafter, we intend to check the pulse in the marketplace for a possible bond issuance. Regarding equity, we are working closely with the fiduciary of the Rohm and Haas ESOP, and are making good progress towards our goal of issuing common equity from treasury shares of approximately $550 million. On April 1, we also exercised our option to have the Haas Family Trust to make an additional $500 million investment in Dow Equity. This will convert to common equity assuming we file a self registration statement prior to June 1, which we intend to do. The equity we are raising by June 1 will be dilutive on a share count basis. The ESOP equity is not expected to be immediately dilutive. On slide nine, let me review the operating plan. Because this is equally important to de-leveraging the balance sheet plan. This operating plan is comprised of three elements. Firstly, we will deliver on our fourth quarter 2008 restructuring program. And as you can see, we are already making great progress. Second, we will right size our global manufacturing footprint to adjust to the new realities of the market and reduce demand. The focus here will be on shutdowns and associated work force reductions. This will deliver several hundreds million dollars more in savings. And third, we will reduce costs and defer or eliminate capital spending, in order to achieve our 2009 pre-acquisition CapEx commitment of $1.1 billion. We are also focused on cash preservation, since cash flow management is critical in these times of economic uncertainly. Let's start with our fourth quarter '08 restructuring program, and our commitment to achieve $750 million in restructural savings. On slide 10, you will see since December, we've delivered approximately half of the 5,000 commitment reduce that global work force. And we are 17% ahead of our planned savings. And we expect to be at the $500 million run rate by the end of this year. In addition to activities related to the fourth quarter restructuring, we also completed the shut down of eight plants in the quarter. And we are not stopping there. As we right sized our global manufacturing footprint, more shutdowns and associated work force reductions, will occur. For example, Dow's ethane cracker, which is located on the Saint Charles, Louisiana suffered a mechanical problem on January 3, and was taken down. As we continue to evaluate the supply-demand dynamics across our portfolio, we decided to leave the cracker off line until economic conditions improved. In addition, there are several more plants on review, which together with the aforementioned cracker, could add up several hundred million dollars more savings. In summary, the combination of the $1.3 billion in acquisition related cost synergies, our fourth quarter '08 restructuring program, and future actions on our footprint that are under consideration, will deliver a run rate of approximately $2.5 billion of cost savings by the end of 2010. If you put that into perspective, this is close to half of our operating income in some of our best years. And we're going to have a lot more to say about this in the coming weeks. And last, just a few words on CapEx. We're on track to deliver our 2009 pre-acquisition commitment of 1.1 billion. I would like to stress at this point that our operating plan assumes no help from the market we are improved business climate. The visibility we get from our diverse portfolio and its broad market exposure, shows there are few black spots actually out there. And some trend lines that are moving in our favor. However, we are reaffirming our assumption that 2009 will be a recessionary year, and we will not benefit from any meaningful growth. We have achieved a lot over the last 90 days. And our 2009 operating de-leveraging plan is realistic. And we have all the levers necessary to implement these actions successfully. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Geoffery for a review of our first quarter results and trends. Geoffery?
Geoffery E. Merszei: Thank you, Andrew, and good morning, everyone. So, as you know we are all in a midst of the most challenging economic environment we've seen in many decades. On slides 11 to 14, you can see that despite these significant headwinds we achieved positive earnings on both an operating and a GAAP basis. Well, why so? Well, this is due to the diverse state of our portfolio, including another record performance from Dow AgroSciences, rapid actions we've implemented to reduce spending, and lower raw material costs. So again, in a challenging economic times that we have all experiencing since the fourth quarter of last year, I believe it's more relevant to compare our business performance on sequential basis. Or perhaps, even on a month-to-month basis, as we discuss our first quarter results in order to help identify and track underlying trends and the potential for a recovery. For example, we've generated a substantial improvement in earnings from last quarter, earnings of $0.03 per share in this quarter, on a GAAP basis, versus a loss of a $1.68 per share in the fourth quarter of 2008. Now, on an operating basis, excluding certain items, we also saw improvement. With positive earnings of $0.12 per share, up from a loss of $0.52 per share in the fourth quarter of last year. So, while the year-over-year volume declines are the worst in more than 20 years, the pace of decline appears to be moderating. As you can see on slide 15, and it shows a steady decline in our sales volume from October to December. Now since January, even excluding ag, we have seen monthly improvements in demand as the first quarter progressed. In fact, we saw business conditions begin to stabilize in the first quarter. And while volume is clearly no way near mid-2008 levels, there is evidence that the demand is beginning to pick up. In fact, March was the strongest month of the first quarter, and healthy rates, most of the declines in volumes we saw in December when demand virtually collapsed. Now these month-to-month trends, combined with a diversity of our portfolio across markets, geographies and businesses, led to these improved results. So, you can see on slide 16, we fell in to a wide variety of markets and applications, virtually unmatched in our industry. Now, this means that we are not overly exposed to any one particular market or application, especially those hardest hit, like for example, the automotive side. Next is the diversity of our business mix, and a powerful combination of our portfolio. So, let me start with our performance segments. Here, I'd like to point out that all EBIT comparisons I will make here exclude certain items. Despite the drop in price and volume at the company level, we reported sequential EBIT gain, with the largest percentage improvement coming from our performance portfolio, proving the pricing resilience of many of our specialty businesses. And these gains were above and beyond the seasonally strong contributions from Dow AgroSciences. Our Dow AgroSciences reported another excellent quarter, with sales up 10% year-over-year. All of this coming from volume gains. This March, the 11th consecutive quarter that Dow AgroSciences has posted sales growth records, compared with the same quarter of the prior year. And Dow AgroSciences also posted a new EBIT record in the quarter, the third consecutive year in which a new quarterly EBIT record has being achieved. Looking now the demand trends and the rest of our performance portfolio, you can see on slide 17, our performance plastic and chemicals had a positive trend, most notably from February to March, during which volume increased 13%. Now, when you compare March volumes to the lows of December, the improvement is even more pronounced. So, let me share with you a few examples. Dow Epoxy volume increased 47% since December. Polyurethanes and systems (ph) increased 34%. And Specialty Plastics and Elastomers increased 18%. A few bright spots in the combined performance segment are in Epoxy, with the electronics and telecom markets in China are seeing good recovery, driven by government stimulus spending. And in Specialty Plastics, where demand for packaging appears to be more consistent, and of course in ag, where fundamentals are still good. Now, these trends however, are likely to be offset by several challenges. First, the ongoing weak demand in polyurethane used in constructions and durables. Frozen credit markets, which are unfavorably impacting large project spending, in areas such as in Eastern Europe and in Russia, and the continuing uncertainty in the automotive sector, as global manufacturers consolidate, rationalize brands and reduce manufacturing capacity. Now, turning to our basic segments, EBIT expanded sequentially as well here. Slide 18 shows a similar pattern of demand improvement throughout the December to March timeframe. In fact, polyethylene volume increased 10% from the prior quarter, and was down only 4% on a year-over-year comparison. Basic plastics should show some improvements, as de-stocking appears to have run its course.. In addition, underlying demand for films used to food and industrial packaging, continues to be more consistent, compared to durable applications. However, significant challenges remain, particularly in the basic chemicals businesses, such as in ethylene glycols, for polyester textile demand will be down, due to reduced consumer discretionary spending. And in our core vital (ph) chain, unfavorable conditions in pulp and paper, and alumina are leading to demand declines in pretty much all geographic regions. Now, I would like to talk about another key driver behind our results in the first quarter. And that's our rapid and effective actions to reduce cost. All across the organization, cost control is the top priority as Andrew stressed. We are focused on things that are in our control, and the size and speed of reductions were meaningful in this quarter. Now, consider these facts. As you can see on slide 19, compared to the same quarter last year, SARD decline 93 million in the quarter. This despite an 8% increase in growth investment in Dow AgroSciences. And overall spending decreased $270 million year-over-year and sequentially, and we remain on track to achieve our 2009 CapEx commitment of 1.4 billion. That's for the new Dow combined with Rohm and Haas. We also continue to manage our operations in the quarter, carefully matching productions to demand. And as business fundamentals improve, operating rates pick up. As you can see on slide 20, coming off the historic levels of 44% in December of last year, operating rates jumped back into the mid-60s in January, declined to 70% at quarter end. While the quarter average of 68% is no where near the mid 80s were we reported a year ago, the improvement is clearly encouraging. We're also focused on tightly managing working capital. So, while there was an expected inventory build for business such as Dow AgroSciences and Dow Building Solutions, which are both preparing for seasonal demand, we remain on track to deliver a working capital improvement about $0.5 billion through the year. And days sales outstanding and receivables remain in good control at a relatively low 42 days, flat with the prior quarter. So, that's the summary of Dow's results in the quarter. In a moment, Pierre will provide an update on the integration process. But first, I would like to give you a high level summary of the financial results for Rohm and Haas in the first quarter as you can see on slide 21. Rohm and Haas reported sales decline of 29% year-over-year. But similar to Dow's Performance segment, the businesses showed pricing resiliency against their 26% decline in volume. Also consistent with trends I mentioned earlier, gradual improvements reported as the first quarter progressed in almost all Rohm and Haas business units. Sales increased 17% from February to March, and that's excluding Salt, with March being the best sales months since October of last year. Our March volumes at company level and again, excluding Salt, was 46% higher than December. So demand clearly improved from the year-end lows. Costs improved as well, with SARD declining 21 million year-over-year. In coatings, month-to-month improvements were reported in the quarter. Challenging market conditions were approximately offset by cost reductions, margin management, and new product launches. And encouraging signs of recovery were noted in the electronic businesses. And there is not better expert on this, than my colleague Pierre Brondeau. And at this time, I'd like to turn the call over to him for an update on our integration efforts. Pierre?
Pierre R. Brondeau: Thank you, Geoffery. It gives me great pleasure to be here today to share with you the news about the new Dow Advanced Materials division. As you can guess, we have had a pretty busy 30 days. Shortly before we closed on April 1, we named the management team for the business unit, which is shown on slide 22. In the spirit of truly combining the best from both enterprises, you can see we have a premier leadership team that is comprised of both Dow and Rohm and Haas employees. One of the main objectives of the acquisition is to preserve the customer-centric business model from Rohm and Hass has been known for. At the same time, we are removing cost and increasing productivity by supporting back office functions in manufacturing operations, a core competency of Dow. The majority of the functional leaders come from Dow, while the majority of business leaders come from Rohm and Haas, putting in place the necessary expertise of both of these areas to achieve our goals. Through this combination, we have created a large high-growth global businesses. You can see some examples on slide 23 and 24. These businesses have size, scale, enrich to win in their respective sectors. On slide 25, you can see that since early April, we have also converted a lock down sessions, where business and functional teams came together and we reviewed confidential materials, gathered by various in teams during the month leading out to the closing. We used Dow efficient process, and I can tell you, it is a very impressive practice with more than 1,000 employees engaged covering businesses, functions and geographies. This Clean Team collected and this deal thousands of documents in better point, into actually more recommendation that we'll accelerate the integration and the capture of both costs and growth synergies. On the cost side, which is most important in the near term, we remain committed to delivering $1.3 billion in acquisition related cost synergies by the end of 2010. Having new integral for all your process, I can also tell you that the team is completely engaged and fully committed to the $1.3 billion target, which as you'll recall is earned from a original estimate of $910 million as shown on slide 26. In fact, we will begin tracking progress against these projects quarterly, starting with our second quarter earnings call. If you turn to slide 27, you will see the Clean Team I just mentioned. I have already identified more than 100 major cost synergy projects, and 100 more sub project. With a top 12 project representing approximately $650 million of cost synergies. As we have said previously, we intend to be at 60% run rate, 12 months after the closing date, or by March 31, 2010. We have a detail on that, and I am very confident we'll achieve these goals. Turning now to growth opportunities on slide 28. We believe there is tremendous potential here as well. We have in hand numerous growth playbooks that when put together by the integration teams for each of our global businesses. On the day of closing, I finally had a chance to review these. And all I can say is in spite I was there, I was still reading with excitement, tremendous opportunities clearly lied ahead of us. Sources of near term growth synergies for the combined companies include a broader product offering, opportunities for cross selling at the accounts, utilizing channel to market expertise, accelerating new product and productions and stronger technical service, and leveraging a complementary geographic position. Near term growth synergies spread across all business groups, geographic and market segments. The top 50 short-term growth opportunities represent over $2 billion in potential on new sales. Let me expand on the couple of this. The new portfolio of our coating business, clearly allows a much stronger penetration of key accounts, and broader participation in the architectural industry and industrial markets. On the building and construction side, Rohm and Haas had developed new technologies, but did not have the critical mass in channel to market, nor did efficiently participate in these markets. The new company brings together normal technology and a very strong route to market. We also have significant long-term growth potential as well. The top 30 opportunities, our combined annual sales potential of $8 billion, in addition to the previous one. The combined marketing and R&D organization are already harder to work to make these a reality. If you could turn to slide 29. I would like to discuss now the outlook for Dow Advanced Materials for the remainder of 2009. We expect full year sale to be down versus 2008, inline with the rest of the specialty chemicals sector. However, and consistent with Geoffery's comment, we have seen four months of sequential growth for the heritage Rohm and Haas businesses, excluding Salt. In fact, as our specialty chemical demand actually grew year-on-year in March for some critical segment such as coatings. Electronics was significantly impacted due to the severe inventory correction and reduced customer spending, and the high gross margin of the business magnified the negative impact on the results. The good news, is it appears the inventory correction is essentially over, and demand is now improving. The semiconductor industry is seeing better operating rates, and higher capacity utilization at foundries. The demand for flat panel displays led by China, is also improving. Both our coating and performance based materials, almost still affected by the global economic slowdown of have been posting modest sequential growth monthly. Unan (ph) and Asia and Latin America are stabilized, or even started to show some growth signs for the area. North America is flat for now, while demand in Europe is still lagging. Over the next several months, we will be focused on a few key priorities as you see on slide 30. I have no doubt that we are building the strongest specialty chemical unit in the industry. And I am proud to lead an organization with such a growth potential.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you Pierre, and welcome aboard. It's really great to have you. Well, let's conclude the presentation part of the presentation by talking about the outlook. And clearly, as you see on slide 31, we are beginning to see signs of the pace of global economic decline is moderating. Although, the signals are still yet not overly clear, albeit, they are much better than they were in January. We believe the rate of decline of the key economic indicators such as industrial production and consumer spending, has in fact slowed. However, lower business spending, weak manufacturing activity and growing unemployment warrants a cautious approach in the near turn. Techno-geographic view in the United States, we are hopeful that we will return to positive growth in the second half of 2009, as economic stimulus spending ramps up. In Europe, the view we have based on our diverse portfolio, and vast end market reach, suggests that stimulus packages might not have been having the same impact, and therefore recovery may be further out. China, however, has emerged as the potential bright spot. The declining growth rates there appears to be at bottomed, and the story now seems to be a domestic one, with local demand improving in response to aggressive government stimulus programs. If we look at business trends through the eyes of our customers, we see a continuation of low inventory levels, following recent periods of heavily de-stocking. But clearly, the world is in a far better place than it was in December. And it now appears that the inventory de-stocking was an overcorrection, and that that part is behind us. The operating rate improvement from December to April is a good signal in my opinion. And Dow's reach into nearly every part of the industrial and manufacturing economy, reduces our vulnerability to those segments that are most hard hit. Despite these bright spots on the horizon, we nonetheless continue to assume that 2009 will be a recessionary year globally. And we're not counting on any material improvements in economic conditions in the near term, as we implement our plans. But, we are ready to take advantage of any upturns due to our cost and interventions. On slide 32, you can see our priorities for 2009, which are, successfully integrate Rohm and Haas, to capture growth, and preserve their business model. To realize Rohm and Haas cost synergy targets and accelerate Dow's own re-structuring plans. To execute our de-leveraging plans for the bridge loan pay down, and protect our investment grade ratings, and actively manage our cost and operations through the economic downturn. Operational excellence and cost discipline are two of Dow's traditional strengths. And as promised, we are focused on managing what is in our control. We view the results and actions taken this quarter as important steps towards our goal to realize the transformation of Dow into an earnings growth company. And we're firmly committed to deliver on the plans we have described on this call. The future holds a more rapidly growing, more profitable, leaner, less leathered, and are a far more valuable Dow. I would like to turn the call back to Howard for the Q&A. Thank you, everybody.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks Andrew. That wraps up our prepared remarks. For your reference, a copy of these comments will be posted on Dow's website later today. Now, we will move on to your questions. Before we do though, I would like to remind you that my comments on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both our prepared remarks and to anything that make them up during the Q&A. Jennifer, would you please explain the Q&A procedure.
Operator: Yes. Thank you, sir. (Operator Instructions). Our first question will come from Sergey Vasnetsov with Barclays.
Sergey Vasnetsov: Good morning.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning, Sergey.
Sergey Vasnetsov: Page eight is very impressive, if it's a much longer lease than probably most of us here imagined. And there seems to be a little larger than you would really need. So, I just wanted to ask you, when you are trying to divest some business, what's the value trying to realize, or is it just to cover the bridge loan, or you try to sell larger amounts if the market allows you to?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, I think Sergey, it is an impressive list. It's one that's been drooled over the last several months. And in respond to the two points you're making. One is, of course, the bridge pay down is priority one, and returning investment grade rating, and that shows optionality. But, two, given that we have a very strong and aggressive portfolio, management process at Dow, that is meant to liberate resources for growth businesses. That process is what we put in place these last two months to yield slide eight. And of course, we just started applying it to Rohm and Haas. And that's why the powder coatings announcement was part of my prepared remarks. What it basically says is that we have the portfolio that we want. We know what we're not going to grow. We know what we are going to divest. We will do it to pay down the bridge. But, we can over achieve beyond the 4 billion that we have articulated in the bridge pay down metrics. So, priority one, bridge pay down. Priority two, liberate resources, so we can grow key growth businesses in Dow, so that we can actually transform the companies earnings profile. This has been board approved, board committed. And we felt very strongly compelled to articulate to the market that slide eight exists.
Sergey Vasnetsov: Okay. Thank you and good luck.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Sergey.
Operator: Okay. We'll go ahead and move to our next question which comes from P. J. Juvekar with Citi.
Prashant Juvekar: Good morning.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning, P. J.
Geoffery Merszei: Good morning.
Prashant Juvekar: Andrew, you said that non-durable inventories are low. And they have been de-stocked. When you look at durables, how much inventories are there in the supply chain, and when do you see a bottom for those?
Andrew Liveris: Depends on the region of the world, P. J. I would say to you that the bottom has been reached in China on the durables side. We are starting to see products that served the durable market, start to have an uptick in China, which suggests that government consumer oriented stimuli is working. Remember, the Chinese stimuli is not just infrastructure, it's also rebates that help the Chinese consumer do something that Chinese consumers love use to doing, which is spend. That's happening in transportation. It's happening in durable goods. And you can see that in shipments from factories to the wholesale, and wholesale to retail. And so that is occurring. And frankly, it is the bright spot in the durables world. The rest of the world is still very cautious on the durable side. And I would say to you that we don't see the order patterns yet to suggest what you are hunting for, which is durable pick, certainly in the U.S. economy. Europe is a worry to the negative, and the rest of the world it doesn't matter materially.
Prashant Juvekar: And similar question for Pierre in electronics. Pierre you mentioned that you saw bottom in electronics. And given that these end markets are higher growth, do you expect a faster recovery in electronics, as compared to like hoardings or other industrial markets?
Pierre Brondeau: I think if you look at the electronic market, the electronic industry as a whole, the slowdown was much more severe in the electronic industry than it was in other building and construction market. For example, we have been talking of numbers for the last quarter of about 40 to 50%, slowdown in those markets. When you look at those markets, we believe about half of that comes from de-stocking, half of that comes from slowing demand, which brings us really in demand in the same range as other markets. We believe that de-stocking is essentially over at this stage. So, the electronic industry now should see some rapid improvements, actually there have been and we can see that already in April. We believe the quarters to come will fill (ph) especially, from the second third quarter. We'll still be down versus a year ago. But, you could see significant sequential growth, and you could see sequential growth in the range of 25 to 30% in the second quarter. So, limiting the slowdown to the lack of argument.
Operator: Okay. We'll go ahead and move to our next caller. Our question will come from Kevin McCarthy with Bank of America.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, good morning. How are you?
Andrew Liveris: Good morning, Kevin.
Geoffery Merszei: Hi Kevin.
Kevin McCarthy: Andrew, a long term question for you. The Wall Street Journal described this morning the U.S. swimming in natural gas. And obviously, cheap gas drove a lot of investment in the 70s through to 90s. That changed this decade as capital migrated to the Middle East and Asia. As you look longer term assuming that you right sized the balance sheet, as you think about where Dow should be investing, let's say, over the next five to 10 years? Have you changed your thinking at all, given how cheap gas has gotten relative crude oil? Or are there other issues, such as carbon legislation et cetera that would keep you on course?
Andrew Liveris: Yeah. I think, you gave part of the answer of your question Kevin. And clearly, climate change legislation, which Dow is very proactive on, and very supportive on to give the market a signal that it definitely needs, industrial manufacturers in particular, in terms of investment economics. We need to have that carbon signal out there. But, having said that, the dash to gas will be pretty strong, if we don't develop alternatives for utilities and transportation. So, natural gas is a clean fuel and power stations in particular, will move to natural gas on the carbon change legislation. So, that will cause the long-term demand to reop. And really, the next point that I will make that which is fundamental, which is demand destruction, related to this carving out official glut in natural gas in essence with 30% volume disruption in key markets. All of us are running at lighter weights. And its instructed to us that natural gas albeit at swimming, still has not returned to what we had in the 90s. I mean, remember we built our whole industry based on $2 natural gas. Now, can we see some better opportunity today than it was? There clearly is. And Geoffery talked about feed stock flexibility. That gives us an opportunity to make more money. Because of our feedstock flexibility give us a committed advantage on our ethylene margin. We can crack lights selectively. And of course, that's a key parameter in this current oversupply. But frankly, we don't consider that the oversupply will continue once demand returns.
Kevin McCarthy: And two brief follow-ups, if I may. Do you have a Rohm and Haas EBITDA number for the first quarter? And second, I was wondering if you could comment on your operating rate in the month of April as a company?
Andrew Liveris: On the operating rate, I'll let Geoffery or Pierre respond to this. On the operating rate, we are continuing the trend to the positive. So, in other words its up for March. And again, this is an indicator of what I think I said in my remarks. Geoffery?
Geoffery Merszei: Yeah. And let me just comment here about. The pro formas are going to be filed May the 5th. The Q is going to be filed on the 4th, which I think is Monday. So, at that point in time, we will have all the details.
Kevin McCarthy: Thank you very much.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you.
Geoffery Merszei: Thanks Kevin.
Operator: Okay. And our next question comes from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning, David.
David Begleiter: Andrew, another long-term question. When you look out to perhaps 2011, perhaps the first normalized year for both Dow and on the globe, what is Dow's earnings power. I know there are lot moving parts with the assets. But, what is Dow power, maybe just a range?
Andrew Liveris: It would be very fair to all of us David. I mean, we are putting a lot of work in the next several months. I'll answer your question more fully, and I don't like ducking answers. You know, we will not. But, I certainly don't want to give you a sense of that yet. We have a lot to assimilate into views go forward. One of them is the portfolio question I've already addressed. Second is the earnings upside and some of the things Pierre talked about, which we're pretty exciting to us if you heard a couple of his numbers, the $8 billion revenue growth opportunity by 20, whatever it was, I think 10 years from now. Maybe -- there is a lot that we want to fund. Having said that, we have some drag because of our new capital structure. We have to get that remedy. So, there is a lot that goes into that number right now. But, our long-term goal okay, is the 10% per year earnings per share growth, a 20% return on equity, and achieving a 10% return on capital through the cycle at average of getting 2 to 3% above that number, as we got through the cycle average. We should be a less volatile company with the acquisition of Rohm and Haas. We need to demonstrate that by a portfolio clean up. And that's why slide eight is so important. And we are encouraged by some of the regional possibilities we now have in the olefins envelope that we articulated on slide eight. The new Dow will be a much more focused Dow, one that is focused on end use market s like electronics, like AgroSciences, if we choose to retain that business in its current form. And like coatings and like some of the other things that Pierre talked about, which should make us more predictable and achieve these earnings targets.
David Begleiter: And there was a timeframe for Dow Ag decision, is it the next months, by year-end?
Andrew Liveris: Well I think the Dow Ag decision has been a five year timeframe, of which the last three months have yielded quite a lot of interesting opportunity. I mean, I would tell you that it went from people feeling we were a distressed seller, to what I now call a more orderly process to position Dow AgroScience, better for its future, and returning the highest value for Dow shareholders. So, we've begun very full process. It's quite wide ranging. There are various serious bidders on the business. And we're seriously engaged with many of them, to figure out can we look at for example, liberating evaluation, liberating cash and re-deploying that into better opportunities in Dow. So, I would tell you that you will have a lot more to say in the next 30 days, 60 days, 90 days. But, it wouldn't be end of year. We will not leave the property in its current form, where we're looking at options till the end of the year. We'll do it in the next 30, 60, 90 days.
David Begleiter: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take a question from Frank Mitsch with BB&T Capital Markets.
Frank Mitsch: Good morning, gentlemen.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning.
Frank Mitsch: There was a former Dow executive, who used to talk about how the old Dow models didn't work anymore. And I am reminded of that given how far the streets been off in the fourth quarter. And again off here dramatically in the first quarter. And I'm wondering if you could share some light as to why do you think that is? And can you talk about the positive benefits that you saw, with raw materials size for us in the first quarter. And then perhaps, what the expectation is going forward?
Andrew Liveris: I think Frank, we are all veterans of trying to predict cyclicality and cycles. And I think one big learning is modeling doesn't tend to work very well, when the moving parts are so huge. And I think we've been in a new era where inflationary hydrocarbon commodity prices took the Dow model to as different place in its portfolio. And the massive destruction that occurred in demand in December took the model to a completely off center data point. So, there is no bold that could have put those two data points in place. One, the run up to $150 oil, and two, the demand destruction that led to a 44% operating rate in December. In our view, you almost have to throw those two points out, and then go forward, have a view to the future hereon. What are we looking at in terms of A, our portfolio, with 60% specialties in his current manifestation, B, the equation on natural gas, and what does the margin look like, in terms of an ethylene margin, which is still a big impact to the company. Those two things are being worked on right now to answer the question that was asked I think by, it might have been Dave Begleiter or Kevin. I can't remember the last. But, about what's that go forward earnings profile. But, one thing for sure, the volatility we all saw in '08, if you begin to think that that's recurring thing, on destruction on the target on December. And/or a run up to a $155 oil, then you almost have to reset all the models. And we're going to work on that. Our whole objective here is to get predictability in our earnings by going to feedstock advantage as of life ventures like I've already articulated. So, we reduced that volatility. In the more near term, I think what you are going to start to see is what you did see in the your part of your question, which is we had good margin expansion, because of cost management. And we lost less price compared to losing hydrocarbon. And as markets tighten around new asset of footprints, we're reducing -- we're all reducing supply, this 2 million tons of announced permanent shutdown in ethylene capacity that's out there already, and the crack that we just talk about adds to that. You will see that supplied amount, the ethylene margin will go into the high 80s, in terms of operating rate. You'll start to see the opportunity for margin expansion in the ethylene envelope in this more near term. All of that to tell you that it's a very complicated question. We're going to do our very best in the next 30, 60, 90 days, it's including our only analysis to give you as better guidance on that answer.
Frank Mitsch: All right, terrific. Thank you. And then speaking of models, the old models aren't not working on Rohm and Haas, the result in the first quarter was I guess surprisingly bleak. But, Pierre if I am to understand you correctly, you are seeing a material pick up in your high margin electronics business, such that we can basically take the first quarter, throw it out, and get back to more normalized sort of electronic earnings for Rohm and Haas, for the former Rohm and Haas business.
Pierre Brondeau: Yes, Frank. We are going to see some normalized earnings coming from a very unique dealer (ph). If you look at the first quarter you have the specialty materials business with positive earnings, and coatings actually not doing too badly. Some of the performance materials being close to breakeven. And with the electronic materials because of the slowdown in sales, any high margin which was really the a business, which has been penalizing us from an earnings standpoint. This business is recovering very fast. I mean, it's been sequentially improving since December. The month of April is looking much more robust than the month of March. Also, the display business is growing led by China. So, it's a business when the top-line goes up, the bottom-line goes up very fast too. So, we should see some improvement very rapidly.
Operator: Okay. We'll move to a question from Don Carson with UBS.
Donald Carson: Thank you.
Andrew Liveris: Hi don.
Donald Carson: Hi Andrew. Getting back to Ag, you talked about obviously, in your comment about liberating valuation. So is this pretty much a signal that you just think Ag wont get the proper value within the Dow portfolio, and that you either sell it or IPO it entirely, or is it sort of a partial IPO to liberate value?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, all of the above in the sense of optionality. The key point is the one that you asked about or started with, which is, it's a property that sit inside our commodity chemical multiples. Now, of course, the entire strategy of the company is to our multiple towards the Ag side, to the extent that others notably, our friends at DuPont are doing the same. They have become more and more of a Ag company. And of course, they have other businesses. That model is not too dissimilar to what we would like to get to, which is less commodity, more downstream. Rohm and Haas is a similar event in that regard for us, because now we have Ag, and Advanced Materials, and some of our performance products. And so, if were to meaning for long-term, there could be value liberation by the entire Dow enterprise moving its multiple. Having said that, this process we are going through may give us a short-term return to our shareholders by liberating the value in part or in full now. And that's why we are just sidely (ph) interested in looking at how we can return maximum value to our shareholders. Full retention or full divestment of the two extremes.
Donald Carson: Andrew, a follow-on portfolio question. On the basic side, you've talked about your various options on the ethylene envelope. What about the chorine envelope? And obviously, near term with the way the cycle is going, does that give you more sense of urgency to do something to get that out from the portfolio.
Andrew Liveris: Our decision recently to delay the new (ph) build of chlorine on the Texas Gulf is instructive that we really do believe that, chlor-alkali still needs some degree of rationalization. We do believe that asset life is more probably in that future than not. We clearly also see that there Syntec (ph) relationship needs to re-classed. And that is being done as we speak. And I would say to you that the most important part of chlorine for us is that feeds our downstream derivatives that are value-add. And as we build new footprints, whether they be in Saudi Arabia or China, they will be asset-liked on the powder coating we don't want to be in which is EDC/VCM. And try to get low cost feedstock's to feed the chlorine value to feed the downstream value. That's indeed our strategy here in the United States, and for that matter in Europe. And asset life with feedstock advantage. The natural gas point by the way, helps right now. Of course, because of low cost power.
Operator: Okay. We'll go ahead and move to our next question which comes from Peter Butler with Glen Hill.
Peter Butler: Good morning, good morning.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning.
Geoffery Merszei: Good morning, Peter.
Peter Butler: Yeah I have an observation. It's unfair to Sergey, who conformed with your request the hold of your questions to one each. You're letting the subsequent people ask multiple questions. It's an observation. Okay, my question is Dow has had a very difficult time of late, making things happen in the Middle East. I think you are finding that contracts in the Middle East are written in the sand. Did you derive any lessons from striking out in Kuwait, probably Saudi Arabia, Oman et cetera. Do you, I mean, do you guys need to establish better relationships with the ruling families before you start negotiating with the petrochemical bureaucrats?
Andrew Liveris: Yeah Peter, thanks for the observations. Sergey, if you want to come back in on another question, please do because I do think Peter is correct. We'd be a little relaxed. So, we will answer everyone's questions either in the call or follow-ups. So certainly, Peter you ask a very huge question and one that Dow's legacy has -- we've been exceptionally good at, which is government relationships around the world, down in the context of high ethics, high integrity, and the right way to do business as defined by Dow's 112 years of success. In all of those years, we have only had trouble in three different places. And both of them due to change of regimes. I think you are aware of the other two places. In this particular case, we have exceptional relationships with Kuwait. Nothing has changed there. Our ongoing relationship was validated by Kuwaiti investment authority coming along with $1billion to invest in the Rohm and Haas acquisition, despite the ruling family's decision late December to withdraw from the Venkay (ph) Dow venture. We are still in negotiation and discussion with Kuwait. What happened was people called as people call a black swan event. The ruling family and parliament in Kuwait is going to incredible amount of this functionality. And that isn't going to finish any time soon. On the other side of the coin, no situation is the same. Our Saudi relationships are exceptional. I had a dinner tonight in Houston with Saudi Arabia's (ph) management. I would tell you that our Saudi profile is improving to the point where are preferred time and beyond just the Dow project, Rohm and Haas project, which is an exceptional project in the region. So, each country is different. Oman was a special circumstance. We still like to think that over the timeframe that the Oman project is doable. So, Peter, it's very hard. You are a student of the world, so am I. I wouldn't characterize our relationships as broken or weak in the Middle East. I would call them as strong. And we just have a situation in Kuwait that needs to be remedied, that we will. I believe will have a growth profile in Kuwait, when all is said and done.
Peter Butler: Okay. Thanks.
Andrew Liveris: Thanks you, Peter.
Operator: All right. We will move to a question from John Michmelti (ph). And I apologize, but he has dropped from the queue. So, we'll go ahead and take a question from Mike Judd with Greenwich Consulting.
Michael Judd: Hi, this is real quick. You're likely to have some unusual charges in the June quarter, and maybe, even looking forward a little bit. Could you give some sense of what the cash portion of the unusual charges could be for the rest of the year, please. Thanks.
Geoffery Merszei: Yeah Mike, it's Geoff. I think we'll have some obvious cash charges when it comes to having close the Rohm and Haas transactions. There is some further banking fees. And we will have cash charges that are related to severance. In fact, severance both from our restructuring program, as well as the synergy program for Rohm and Haas. And we're still finalizing following the recent lock downs with Rohm and Haas, in terms of that $1.3 billion of synergy costs, in order to secure the cost synergies. So, I mean, a number, I would rather not give you at the moment. We will be able to share, more numbers with your later on. But, the second quarter will have I would say, a major cash charge.
Michael Judd: Thanks for the help.
Andrew Liveris: Thanks Mike.
Operator: And I don't think we have Mr. John Mcnulty that has come back into the queue. We will take his question. He is from Credit Suisse.
John Mcnulty: Hi thanks a lot. Sorry, I don't know how I get dropped off there. But a question regarding the cash flows. It looks like your burned through about 1 billion to 1.2 billion this quarter. And I know there is some seasonality to the business. But, given the trends that you are seeing in terms of some of the businesses modestly picking up, can you give us some color as to when you think you might be cash positive, so that you'd be generating cash going towards paying down some of the debt itself?
Geoffery Merszei: Look, I mean, seasonally, we normally have in the first quarter, a cash flow that is probably about $0.5 billion less than the regular quarter. And in fact, I can tell you that from a working capital standpoint as you know, we reduced our working capital requirements in the fourth quarter. I think the number was $2.3 billion. And we only gave up about 300 or $340 million, $332 million I think it was in the first quarter. So, in fact, and from my perspective, in fact the first quarter was probably better than expected. And for the full year we definitely will see a pretty strong free cash flow, definitely positive. I think on the working capital side, I said that we'll see an improvement of $0.5 billion, and we should see a free cash flow, I would say, around a $1 billion.
John Mcnulty: Great. Thanks very much.
Howard Ungerleider: Jennifer, we have time for one last question please.
Operator: Okay sir. We'll take that question from Bill Young with Kempstead (ph).
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, gentlemen.
Andrew Liveris: Hi Bill.
Unidentified Analyst: One thing I still can't understand on the agriculture side is, why you would consider a full divestment. Ag business corresponds so well, it's about strategy going forward, and specialties performance, steady returns, asset life. And I can see the joint venture route. Have you considered doing a partial spin-off to a financial type of partner, similar to what you did a few years ago in the consumer products area. Maybe, if you could just cover this whole divestment thing? It just doesn't fly to me.
Andrew Liveris: Yeah Bill. And you and many others in our investor universe have made a very similar comment. And look, January and February were extraordinary months in the Dow Chemical Company's history. We had our backs against the wall. We had a lot of situational issues that we won't go over. You know what they were. Clearly, to monetize a growth asset was the last thing we wanted to consider at that point in time. For all the reasons you said, you'll note that in my verbal comments I said Dow sounds as a strategic asset. So, you can rest assured it that if we reach the conclusion of a full divestment, it's because it is so compelling that we have to consider it for our shareholders. I mean, that's the way you should consider that sentence. There are other ways to get from here to there. And you've just labeled them, and you've listed them. And they're much more consistent with our last five to six years of investment in the business, inclusive of more recent investments. Even in the first quarter, we increased their R&D, and increased their CapEx. So, look, you are -- your headline is very accurate. There is a few more rows and columns to talk about, as far as the Dow goes on, story goes. But, you are very correct in summarizing it the way you did.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks a lot.
Howard Ungerleider: Thank you, Bill. We're going to have to end it there since we're over our allotted time. But, we'd like to thank you for joining us on the call today. We look forward to talking with you on our next earnings call in July. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you, sir. That does conclude today's teleconference. We thank you all for your participation.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-03 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company's Fourth Quarter 2008 Earnings Results Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Howard Ungerleider, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks Jennifer. Good morning everyone and welcome. As usual, we are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and CEO; Geoffery Merszei, Dow's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Jeff Tate, Director, Investor Relations. Around 6:30 this morning, February 3rd, our earnings release went out on PR Newswire and was posted on the Internet on Dow's website, dow.com. Also, earlier this morning, we filed our answer to the lawsuit filed by Rohm and Haas. This answer is also posted on our website. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments on this conference call. The slides are posted on our website, available on the Presentations page of the Investor Relations section or through the link to our webcast. As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you could like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our website. Our earnings release as well as recent SEC filings and annual reports are available on the Internet at dow.com in the Financial Reports page of the Investor Relations section. On slide three, I would like to run through the agenda for today's call. As is our year-end practice, Andrew will lead us through a 2008 year-end review and provide an update on several specific actions we have taken to address the current global financial and economic crisis. He will then discuss the outlook for the first quarter of 2009 and beyond as well as the next steps related to our Basic Plastics joint venture and the Rohm and Haas transaction. Before he does, I would like to very briefly cover the fourth quarter and the key drivers of our performance in the period beginning on slide four. Sales for the quarter were $10.9 billion, down 23% from the same quarter last year. Declines were reported in all geographic areas and in all operating segments except Agricultural Sciences, which posted record fourth quarter sales of 885 million. Volume declined 17% with declines in all operating segments except Agricultural Sciences and Hydrocarbons and Energy and in all geographic areas. Price declined 6% as price increases in Performance Plastics, Performance Chemicals and Ag Sciences were more than offset by declines in the basics businesses. Purchased feedstock and energy costs fell by 23% or $1.2 billion versus the same quarter last year. Now let's walk through each of our reporting segments. In Performance Plastics, on slide five, prices held in the quarter despite the drop in feedstock and energy costs. Further deterioration of the automotive and construction sectors, however, unfavorably impacted volumes in the quarter. And in response to the decline in demand we experienced, we reduced the operating rates to historically low levels, which resulted in increase in our unabsorbed fixed costs. In Performance Chemicals on slide six, double-digit price increases were reported in nearly all geographies as strength in Dow Water Solutions as well as food and pharmaceutical applications served by Dow Wolff Cellulosics continued. However, this good news was more than offset by declines in volume, a result of demand destruction which negatively impacted profitability. Turning now to slide seven, Agricultural Sciences set another fourth quarter sales record, driven by growth in Seeds & Traits. Dow AgroSciences continued to deploy its growth agenda with two more acquisitions in the quarter, bringing the total number of acquisitions to nine since May 2007. New products such as aminopyralid, penoxsulam, pyroxsulam and spinetoram also continued to ramp up successfully. Results in Basic Plastics on slide eight were impacted by volume declines and inventory destocking brought about by the global economic environment as well as declines in price, due in large part to the drop in feedstock and energy costs. In Basic Chemicals on slide nine, the story was similar. Strong caustic soda prices were more than offset by lower demand in vinyl chloride monomer used in PVC production for housing and construction applications. Further declines in EO/EG [Ethylene Oxide/Ethylene Glycol] demand for polyester fiber production in Asia also hurt overall operating results. All of this led to a reported loss of $1.68 per share as you can see on slide 10. Excluding certain items, the loss was $0.62 per share. Slide 11 shows an itemized list of these certain items and their EPS impact. In addition, earnings for the quarter reduced by a much higher effective tax rate than we have seen in prior quarters, which included an unfavorable impact of $295 million or the equivalent of $0.32 per share. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Andrew for his comments.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Howard, and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us as I review 2008 and give you a glimpse of what 2009 looks like. I promise you, I will cover every topic that's on the minds of everyone who follows our company. We have never shied away from the truth neither in good times or bad and we are not going to start now. So as you turn to slide 13, there are five things I would like you to take away from my comments today. First, the financial results are very disappointing and a reflection of the demand deterioration we saw in global markets and the turmoil in the financial world. Second, we have a very good cash flow story to tell as the interventions and quick actions we committed to take as the crisis unfolded helped us create cash in a very difficult economy. The fact that we quickly and proactively started this work in the early fall helped us meet our cash goals. Third, we have taken and will continue take actions to repair the company for both the current economic downturn and the continued implementation of our long-term strategy. Fourth, considering today's economy, we remain a strong company with many options moving forward. Although we had a very significant setback in December to our long-term strategy, it was a temporary setback. I say again today, we are committed to our strategy and we will address the setback as creating a pause in our implementation. And fifth, we are committed above all else to maintaining an investment grade rating and are prepared to take all necessarily steps to do so. With that framework, let's begin by looking back at 2008. As everyone on this call knows, 2008 proved to be a very tough year for everyone in our sector, or in any industry for that matter. What started out as the fear of inflation at the beginning of the middle of the year quickly morphed into a banking and credit crisis that ultimately caused the U.S. economy to totally disintegrate in the latter part of the year, which then affected the entire global economy in a heartbeat. The meltdown was swift and unprecedented in modern times. So in many ways, it was a tale of two years. In the first half, we weathered a huge run-up in feedstock and energy costs, which net-net resulted in us recording the sixth consecutive year of double-digit percentage increases in feedstock and energy costs. And just when raw material costs seemed to moderate and thoughts of margin expansion began to reappear, however, we were hit with two major hurricanes on the U.S. Gulf Coast, which disrupted over 80% of our North American capacity. Also in the second half of the year, financial markets unraveled and took with them consumer confidence. The rapid demand destruction and unprecedented destocking throughout almost every value chain is something none of us have ever experienced. The impact of this global economic correction in the fourth quarter was inescapable, and that is reflected in the financial results we recorded in 2008 with the fourth quarter being one of the worst quarters we have seen in more than two decades. For the year, we once again posted record sales, a reflection of our ability early in the year to push through two unprecedented companywide price increases. The price increases helped offset the $5.9 billion year-over-year increase in purchased feedstock and energy costs but did little for margins. Overall volume however was negatively impacted by the world's economic problems. What begins as luck less the demand in the United States spread through every geography, leading us to an overall volume drop of 5% year-over-year. The vast majority of that occurred in the fourth quarter. Equity earnings, which were robust for the three quarters of 2008, fell for the year to $787 million. The combination of demand destruction, particularly in the EO/EG polyester chain, lower oil prices and naphtha disconnecting from oil in the quarter caused our Basics joint ventures, which are typically advantaged to also suffer, the reality is that demand destruction, which of course drives oil prices lower, will hurt even these cost advantaged joint ventures. Excluding certain items, 2008 earnings per share were $1.82 versus $3.76 in 2007. If you turn to slide 15. Given the speed of the deteriorating economy in the fourth quarter, we responded with two proactive interventions: one in October and one in December. The larger of the two interventions was December's where we announced a workforce reduction of 11%, the divestiture of non-strategic businesses, the shutdown of 20 facilities and the idling of 180 more. We also exceeded our proactive cash preservation interventions by reducing DSI by four days, reducing discretionary spending by more than $225 million and reducing our volume of inventory by almost $900 million. In addition, we took aggressive steps to match our production to demand, leading to a fourth quarter operating rate of 64%. In fact, Dow's operating rate in December was a dismal 44%, levels we have not seen in over two decades. Nevertheless, the actions we implemented helped us maintain good cash generation throughout the year. In the fourth quarter, management intervention substantially contributed to cash provided by operating activities of $2.2 billion and free cash flow of $1.2 billion in the quarter. Cash provided by operating activities was $4.7 billion in 2008, an improvement of more than $200 million versus 2007. I would like to point out that those results came in the face of deteriorating economic conditions at the back end of the year. We ended the year in a good position with $2.8 billion of cash on hand and a net debt to total capital below 40%. As for our outlook, I wish there was more positive news to share. As each day brings more and more negative news on the economy and job losses, we are assuming that late 2008 demand levels will continue for several quarters and possibly beyond. There are a few bright spots in the markets, which suggest there may be some recovery in the second half of the year. In Agricultural Sciences, for example, farmers are coming out of 2008 in a relatively strong position and we expect growth in seeds and traits and a continued ramp up in new product sales. The long-term fundamentals in this segment have not changed. In Europe, we're seeing the trends for higher energy efficiency standards are driving insulation sales and offsetting the declines in construction activity. In fact, insulation sales worldwide should increase as this trend continues to develop, perhaps aided by government stimuli and regulations. Increased government spending on infrastructure rehabilitation could also help stabilize demand in specific segments. If this in fact occurs, Dow would be in a strong position because of our unique and proven solutions for roads, highways, bridges and other infrastructure projects. The fundamentals for the water industry remain strong as well. That's good news for Dow Water Solutions. Fourth quarter 2008 was actually the best quarter in the history of that business with sales up 33% year-over-year, driven by timing of some very large projects. For the full year, revenue was up 22%. There is also a good possibility for an uptick with polyethylene as well. A significant chunk of our polyethylene is sold into packaged goods and the underlying volume in that segment is resilient. There was a huge inventory drawdown in the latter part of the year, which negatively impacted 2008 results. We believe the possibility exists for restocking going forward. Now let me point out that polyethylene going back many decades has had steady annualized growth and we have never seen two back-to-back down years in volume. With the underlying fundamentals of the segment and possibly restocking, we see the potential for an upswing for polyethylene and potentially an early except from this vicious demand-led trough, although the timing is unknown at this juncture. So there are a few bright spots. Notice that many of those appear to be driven by government stimulus packages aimed directly consumer spending and improving energy efficiency. Some of the stimulus packages targets are in infrastructure, housing and energy efficiency. So they do hit sweet pots for Dow, and in that regard we would like to be cautiously optimistic. But many of the stimulus packages being rolled out are skewed towards the back end of 2009 and beyond, especially on infrastructure projects. Our view is that until these various stimulus packages translate into real jobs, consumers will most likely favor saving over spending and the economy will continue to drag. We do expect to see slight increases in demand month to month as inventory levels throughout the value chain are replenished. Where that can be sustained and for how long is unknown at this point. The bottom line is that we are preparing for the recession to persist through 2009 and are running our business accordingly. We are assuming that the late 2008 demand levels will continue for several quarters and possibly beyond. If you turn to slide nine, please note since we can't control the economy or the markets, however, we are left to manage those things within our control. So expect us to retain an intense focus on generating cash and pushing productivity throughout 2009, just as we did in 2008. Protecting the balance sheet and maintaining financial flexibility will be the key drivers for Dow in 2009. The fallout from the historic economic meltdown we are currently experiencing would have been difficulty enough for any company to manage of course. We are seeing many companies in out sector and beyond simply succumb. By itself, however, it would not have been enough to impact our strategy. After all, this company is 112-years old. We have survived two world wars, the Great Depression, numerous recessions in industrial cycles. We have an experienced management team steeped in financial discipline with an execution mindset. So we were confident that the interventions I mentioned earlier were the right steps that would allow us to manage this downturn. But as you all aware, we were in for a more stunning and ill-timed surprise. On December 28th, Dow was verbally informed that the Kuwait Supreme Petroleum Council, without justification, buckled under political pressure and reversed its prior commercial decision approval of the commercial binding and definitive agreement between Dow and the Petrochemical Industries Corporation of Kuwait on the formation of K-Dow. PIC then formally informed us in writing on December 31st that they were not going to go forward with the scheduled January 2 closing. Of course, we were not just surprised; we were extremely disappointed by PIC's breach of the November 28th joint venture formation agreement. We had a signed, binding and definitive agreement and had dedicated significant resources for over a year to complete this transaction. Furthermore, we had at the request of the Supreme Petroleum Council renegotiated the deal in November with PIC and agreed to a lower price to reflect the marketplace realities. As we have said publicly, we are pursuing legal options to enforce our rights and remedies as a result of PIC's failure to close the transaction and the improper actions of others in Kuwait, including the Supreme Petroleum Council. PIC has breached the K-Dow formation agreement and we are taking every action necessary to protect our interests. I am not in a position to discuss all these actions today. But I can say this involves more than just arbitration with PIC. In addition to initiating the London-based arbitration process against PIC shortly after PIC failed to close the transaction, in early January, we filed a lawsuit against other Kuwaiti parties that I am not at liberty to discuss right now. In the meantime, we are working to find an appropriate resolution. Make no mistake: between the arbitration and litigation, Dow will be seeking damages in excess of $2.5 billion. This behavior of the Supreme Petroleum Council has clearly had a significant, but, in our view, temporary impact on the implementation of our strategy to change the portfolio mix up our company and establish Dow as a reliable and consistent earnings growth company. Note that I used the word temporary. Let me stress that this management team remains committed to our strategy as does our Board of Directors. It is the right strategy, we remain a strong company and we will not let a temporary setback detour us from advancing towards our strategy in a very deliberate but prudent way. However, we are also realists. We know that this is major setback and we know we have to get our house in order before we resume implementation of our strategy. A key part of that strategy was to go downstream through organic growth and acquisitions. And as you know, last July, we announced the acquisition of Rohm and Haas. We were firmly down that path that we would close the acquisition on time when the Kuwaiti deal fell apart. We saw and still see the Rohm and Haas transaction as being consistent with our long-term strategy: Good markets, good assets and good people. But it's the collective job of this management team and the job of the Board of our company to protect the interest of the shareholders and protect this enterprise called Dow. Recent material developments have created unacceptable uncertainties on both the funding and the economics of the proposed combined Dow Rohm and Haas enterprise. Proceeding with the deal at this time under these conditions would do irreparable harm to our mutual stakeholders and will jeopardize the future of both companies. It's important to remember that the world has shifted greatly since this deal originated. We are in the midst of a unique economic meltdown now full of economic uncertainties. This is the most difficult market in 75 years, dramatically reducing the availability and certainty of borrowing. We must consider this fact and realize that is in the best interest of both Dow and Rohm and Haas to delay closing until the economic uncertainties are resolved. Rohm and Haas has filed suit in the Court of Chancery of Delaware seeking specific performance, which would essentially be an order forcing us to close the transaction now, regardless of all of the pending uncertainties. We are highly respectful of the litigation process. And it came as no surprise under the circumstances. At the end of the day the Chancery Court must render an equity-based order based on all the facts and circumstances. We filed our response to that suit this morning. And this response sets out in detail our position that when all the facts and circumstances are balanced, it will do more harm than good to force this transaction to close now. As this matter is in litigation and in deference to the process in the Delaware court, we will not have much more to say right now. And I will not answer questions about this topic in today's Q&A session. But let me stress this. We have the highest respect for Rohm and Haas, its management and its employees. We are ready to sit down with Rohm and Haas immediately to discuss any options that could allow this transaction to close in such a way that the combined organizations will be successful going forward. Now obvious question we get is this. How are our actions regarding the Rohm and Haas transaction different than PIC's actions concerning the K-Dow transaction? Let me address that now by turning to slide 22 because here are some important differences. Let me be clear. Dow is not closing the Rohm and Haas acquisition at this time due to the impact of the combination of our very distinct items: One, PIC's wrongful failure to close the K-Dow transaction on January 2, 2009; two, the unprecedented uncertainty stemming for the rapidly deteriorating world economy.; three, the resulting negative impact on chemical industry demand and four, the historic meltdown in the financial and credit markets. Taken together, these factors create too much uncertainty around the prospects of the proposed combined Dow and Rohm and Haas enterprise. PIC on the other hand failed to close on its binding K-Dow commitment after the Kuwait Supreme Petroleum Council's commercial decision was improperly influenced by political pressure. This commercial decision was not based on the deteriorating economy as the deal had just been renegotiated to reflect the new economic realities and the new economic uncertainties. Let me repeat that Dow renegotiated our deal with PIC in November to reflect the changed market realities. Dow agreed to reduce the price by almost 20% from the value agreed to in principle a year ago, and then the deal was breached in December. By contrast, we negotiated with Rohm and Haas in July when oil prices were high and before the unprecedented economic collapse around the world. The stunning failure by the Kuwaitis to adhere to the rule of law was unprecedented. And importantly, the Kuwaitis have failed to accept their responsibility for their actions. As we have said, Dow will fully pursue its rights and remedies as a result of the K-Dow transaction failing to close. By comparison, Dow understand that it will need to be accountable for its decision not to close the Rohm and Haas acquisition at this time. But we believe there are important mitigating factors which need to be considered which on balance should result in a decision not to force an untimely closing. Dow understands that if the litigation goes all the way to conclusion that this may result in a damages award against the company. For further details and explanation, I encourage you to read our formal answer which we filed in the Court of Chancery today and which is posted on our website. The bottom line is this. We must do what is right for all the stakeholders and we don't see an appropriate path to closing of Rohm and Haas at this point in time. Dow stands ready to continue discussions with Rohm and Haas to see if together we can find a workable solution outside the litigation arena. So what does this all mean going forward? As you turn to slide 23, it means first, that from a strategic standpoint, we are actually today where we were a couple of years ago, albeit with a very different world economy. We have every element of success in place, though our tactics going forward must change. We remain a strong, vibrant company with a laser-like focus on financial discipline and execution, and I expect us to continue delivering strong operating cash flow in 2009. We are taking the appropriate actions in response to the global economic crisis. We are accelerating our previously announced restructuring effort and now expect to realize a run rate savings of $500 million by the end of 2009 and $750 million by the end of 2010. And we are significantly reducing capital spending to an estimated $1.1 billion in 2009 with a commitment to maintaining safe and environmentally compliant operations. We have a fantastic global footprint and expect to capture opportunities in emerging markets. And most of all, we have the right strategy to continue our transformation into an earnings growth company. Likewise, we are not abandoning our strongest term, innovation (ph). Moving our company into new and more profitable markets depends heavily on our ability to innovate and use our strengths as a science and research company. When the economy turns, the commercial world will be clamoring for sustainable solutions, and that's what we will provide. We will not only see new business opportunities ahead, but new revenue streams as well. Additionally, we remain on path to transformation. Despite the events of December and the turmoil we are experiencing in the marketplace, we are as committed as ever to realizing this goal. We have already made great progress and nothing of the economy or even this recent setback can diminish the hard and substantial work this company has accomplished over the past five years in actively managing our portfolio towards this vision. We are actively pursuing partners for our franchise Basics assets. These are great assets that include the number one global producer of polyethylene, which is the largest volume thermoplastic in the world. In fact, we've had significant interest concerning these businesses from more than a dozen companies. We are in the process now of narrowing that list and are currently in face-to-face negotiations with some of them. If we don't find the right partner during this downcycle, we are certain we will in the next upcycle. And as I've said earlier, the Rohm and Haas acquisition is consistent with our strategy and we remain interested in discussing possible solutions with Rohm and Haas to complete this proposed transaction. But we all have to realize that the world has shifted quite dramatically and we have to find a reasonable way to respond to those changes if we are to have a combined enterprise that can thrive moving forward. Finally, at the end of the day, we must take the appropriate steps to ensure we retain our options, our financial flexibility and above all, protect our investment grade rating. The Board is committed to that, I am committed to that and our entire team at Dow is committed to that. We are asking for your patience to allow us the time to do what we have always done best: Take our challenges head on, provide answers that work and implement them. We commit to you that we can do this over the next several months and get back on track. Judge us by our actions. Thank you and now let me give the call back to Howard.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks Andrew. That wraps up our prepared remarks. For your reference, a copy of these comments will be posted on Dow's website later today. Now we'll move on your questions. Before we do, though, I would like to remind you that my comments on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both our prepared remarks and to anything that may come up during the Q&A. Jennifer, would you please explain the Q&A procedure?
Operator: Yes, sir. (Operator Instructions). And we will go ahead to our first question, which will come from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Good morning.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning David.
Howard Ungerleider: Hi Dave.
David Begleiter: Andrew, do you foresee the need to raise or sell equity to help maintain your investment grade rating?
Andrew Liveris: David, as I said towards the end of my talk here, we are looking at everything we need to do to protect our investment grade rating. We don't preclude that. We understand the cost of raising equity. We understand that the operating environment we saw in the fourth quarter, as we are assuming, continues in all of 2009. Lots of companies are going to have to do lots of things. The equity markets aren't great as you know. It's not necessarily the top option; there are other options we are working with. And as I also said towards the end of my talk, we are working on all the flank fronts you can imagine to the financial ones as well as the asset ones to look at maintaining our investment grade rating. So the answer is yes, we would look at that, but it's not our top option.
David Begleiter: And lastly on the JV, what's a reasonable timeframe to expect a decision on a new partner?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, as I said, there was dozen parties, some of them directly negotiating. The topic at hand is strategic partner versus financial partner. I think that there is a mixture of interest. This is very valuable assets, it fits the strategic partner model very well. I would tell you that the next several months would tell us the palatability of the answer. It's obviously part financial, part strategic. And we would have to decide whether this is the right moment to execute against just a financial answer. And that clearly is one of the weapons we are using. But you can be guaranteed, we are not going to fire sell that asset.
David Begleiter: Thank you.
Operator: All right, we'll move to our next question which will come from Frank Mitsch with BB&T Capital Markets.
Frank Mitsch: Good morning gentlemen.
Howard Ungerleider: Hi Frank.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning Frank.
Frank Mitsch: I don't normally say this, but in terms of reading legal documents, yours was actually readable. So congratulations for dummying it down so that I could even understand it. And looking through it, it was interesting that just middle of December, December 10th, you guys actually thought that you were going to earn $0.30 a share in the fourth quarter and you wind up reporting a negative 62. That seems extremely dramatic. Can you talk about what specifically led to the $0.90 change in the expectation to the result?
Andrew Liveris: Thanks Frank. Firstly, you've got to adjust for the tax rate. So it's a $0.60 going, but that still doesn't take... takes your question down maybe a little notch, but not a very big notch. We were through November taking out assets very fast, but the number of assets we had to take down in December was dramatic, Frank. And 180 assets, for exampling in polyethylene 53 assets. We have 53 trains... or plants around the world, excuse me; 22 of those were down in December, which was way more than we were conjecturing late in November or early December. Demand basically stopped. I've read from others who had earnings before us where there was some days where they had no orders. We were close to that in December. Obviously, it's all the combined effects that we are reading about, but notably, I think December basically disappeared from a demand point of view for the chemical sector. Some have told me that one of the possibilities here, and I don't dismiss this, is destocking was so rapid and rapid that as a consequence of that, we may end up having a 13-month year this year. We are not seeing that in January yet. But that was really the big swing, Frank.
Frank Mitsch: Okay, great. And you specifically talked about suing for more than 2.5 billion with the Kuwaiti litigation, and obviously that was the figure that was in the JV agreement. Can talk about the justifications for a number north of 2.5 billion and what would be the case in terms of timing of a settlement there?
Andrew Liveris: None of our financial scenarios are incorporating any number that says that gets received any time soon. I think the three things we said concerning K-Dow is the rights in and around commercially binding agreement speak to arbitration, the (ph) $2.5 billion number. But they breached in many areas in terms of conditions meant for closing. And the consequence of that is litigation. We aren't saying anything about the litigation right now because of a third point, which in we are in dialogue with the Kuwaitis and where obliviously the best stands through in all told would be that we find our way back to doing the deal with Kuwait and find our way back outside of litigation and find our way back outside of even arbitration. But those two levers, legal litigation and arbitration are being paralleled and you will see a lot more about the litigation event towards the back half of February.
Frank Mitsch: Great, thank you.
Operator: We will move to a question from Sergey Vasnetsov with Barclays Capital.
Sergey Vasnetsov: Good morning.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning, Sergey.
Howard Ungerleider: Good morning.
Sergey Vasnetsov: Andrew, you have taken significant steps to reduce your capacity in the fourth quarter. I know the answer might vary specific plan-by-plan, quarter-by-quarter, but how long would you need to wait for the demand to come back before you decide if some of those shutdowns will be permanent?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, it's a good question. Mike Gambrell has been appointed to head our entire restructuring effort and we has... we have weekly meetings on plants that are staying idle versus plants that come down permanently. Clearly, the restocking phenomenon, especially in the Basics, especially in polyethylene, Sergey, is saying that we are being quite conservative there and not looking at permanent shutdowns, especially in polyethylene right now. As I said on the pervious question, 22 trains... plants being down, that's a significant number in December and that pretty much is continuing in January. On something like a polyethylene, frankly, we've been here before. We have seen these demand-led troughs go this vicious, and polyethylene, as I said in my prepared remarks, is a very resilient thermoplastic. And even with a emerging country GDP, or say a China of a 5 or 6% next year, that's still double-digit... this year... that's still double-digit demand for polyethylene. So something like polyethylene I'd expect very little permanent closure. So that speaks maybe to a big product for us. But across the board, Sergey, I mean with 20 permanents announced in November, you can expect that number will climb in the next three to four months, which also speaks to another point. We made a major announcement in December on restructuring. We are implementing it fast like I said in my prepared remarks. But we are already working on another round to see if another is necessary based on your point, which is more permanent shutdowns from the idling. I would expect another two or three months before we have more to say on that, Sergey.
Sergey Vasnetsov: Okay. And another question on your Ras Tanura Project. You have said yourself that circumstances in the world could change significantly with oversupply, at the same time construction costs coming down. What's your current view for 2009-2010, how this project might proceed?
Andrew Liveris: Yeah, our partners in it (ph) and we are obviously looking at that very carefully; in fact, Saudi Aramco has been very public with some of their other projects that they deliberately paused some of their other projects to take advantage of rapidly declining EPC and materials costs as you've really said. And I think, well, you should know that that's something we are very much looking at with Saudi Aramco. This is the year where we are finalizing the FEED [Front-End Engineering and Design] study. Even the FEED study itself, which, as you know is detailed engineering, we have the flexibility to do what we need to do this year to attenuate the start up of the first facility so they go beyond the original dates and more critically, take advantage of the low construction costs, low EPC costs that you've referenced. We will have probably by the end of first quarter between the two partners a decision on when Ras Tanura as a complex should start up. But you should assume that it won't be when we originally said, so we can take advantage of this down cycle on EPC.
Sergey Vasnetsov: Thanks, that's helpful.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Sergey.
Operator: We'll now move to a question from Khan Ahmed with HSBC. Sir, your line is open. Mr. Ahmed, your line is open sir. Okay, hearing no response, we'll move to a question from Bill Young with Chemspeak (ph).
Unidentified Analyst: Bill Young: Good morning. A question on your dividend, Andrew. You said all options are on the table. A while back you said that the dividend won't be cut on your watch. Maybe you could reconcile these two statements.
Andrew Liveris: Well, firstly, Bill it's nice to hear your voice again, and thank you for your question. Obliviously, your question was loaded, and I also remember that very well. I would also tell you that December changed everything, Bill. I mean I'm a realist, the talked about realist. The Board of The Dow Chemical Company decides on dividend every quarter. I obliviously with my management team are looking at all options to retain investment grade. It will be foolhardy of us to go back to those pre-December words and say they must stay intact. I also recognize we have been in very... a lot of conversations with our long-term owners. Many of our long-term owners rely on a dividend, and one of the reasons we have long-term owners is the dividend. This current equity market correction is pretty vicious. I know we have been overcorrected, but I would say to you there aren't many stocks out there, especially in the commodity chemical world that haven't been overcorrected of late because of what's happening in this demand-led trough. We have been here before, '01-'02, when know we have paid dividends throughout that period of time at very high percentage payout ratios based on earnings inference, you might say. So we are very respectful of the need to look after the interest of all shareholders. And whether that means the dividend cut occurs or not, it would have to be a collection of things that we'd look at to ensure we stay strong investment grade. And right now, I would be the first to tell you that that is a different statement than what I said prior to December, and I acknowledge the reality of the moment.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Secondly, let's look at polyethylene for a second. You did paint a pretty bleak picture for volumes going ahead actually throughout the company in the new term. I believe one or two of your competitors said there were signs of the end of destocking in polyethylene and they have seen some significant improvement in demand. Maybe you could give us a little more color there on what you are seeing in one of your largest products.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, in my prepared remarks, I actually... interesting you should say I was bleak. I actually... I didn't think I was as bleak as that. Maybe I'm not as optimistic as what some of our competitors have said. But I would put us closer to their end of the scale than complete bleakness. Look, the realty is, as I said to a previous question, that polyethylene is very much an emerging market event plus a lot of our polyethylene is in things like packaging. And once the emerging market restocks, polyethylene, and we are already seeing it, we've got a price increase announcement of $0.07 a pound for the month of February; maybe we'll get $0.03 of that. But that's a price increase in what is a terrible volume correction. So restocking and price increase, low hydrocarbon values. I don't want to paint too optimistic a scenario, maybe not as far as some of our competitors went. But we are seeing some signs of life. And right now, given what we've just gone through, I want to put that down as a bonus. We can't speak to the timing of recovery, certainly with this market as terrible as it is. But Bill, I would be a little more optimistic than what you suggested I was.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thanks.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you Bill.
Operator: We'll move to our question from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Hi, good morning.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning Jeff.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: I've got two questions. The first is really a question I guess for Geoffery Merszei. It looks to me like the working capital benefit in the quarter was about 3.3 billion in that your receivables are down almost 3 billion and your inventories are down 1.5, and that's made up a little bit by the payables. So if that's the case, and normally your accounts receivables are around 9.5 billion and you're running at around, I don't know, 6.8, your working capital next year should be something like negative 3 billion. And if your working capital is negative 3 billion, and normally, I don't know, for the last few years, you've generated something like 4.5 billion in cash flow annually, you are really not going to have very much free cash flow next year with your 1.1 billion in CapEx. Is that a correct analysis or an incorrect analysis?
Geoffery Merszei: No, I don't think so Jeff. I don't think the conclusion is correct. We will see obviously somewhat the benefit of this huge cash inflow in the beginning of the first quarter. As you know, with the accounts payables flowing out in the first quarter, I do expect some pressure on working capital in the first quarter. We are going to mitigate that with a continued very, very strong effort on controlling inventory in the pipeline. And on the accounts receivable side again with a very low DSO around 40 days on the accounts receivable side, we should be minimizing that. So I think there is going to be a little pressure in the first quarter. But I think overall, I think we can still continue to improve our overall working capital management and reduced the overall investment in working capital. And then of course from a cash flow from operations, as you, or Andrew pointed out, for 2008, we had a very strong cash flow from operations. Obviously, with this very uncertain economic environment and pressure on earnings, that's going to hurt. But the combination of our restructuring program, the acceleration of the run rate to 500 as well as the, as you pointed out, the reduction in CapEx from 2.1 to 1.1 billion, I expect a positive free cash flow for the year.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Okay. And then just to thank you, and then my second question. It's a question for Andrew, and it's really more of a conceptual question. When the Kuwait deal fell through, roughly, there was 7 billion that you were going to get in cash that you didn't get. And so the way I thought of the Rohm and Haas transaction and your investment grade rating is you have something like a $7 billion hole that you have to fill. And right now, commodity chemical assets... so the first part is that the hole you have to fill? Is that what you were trying to do in order to affect your Rohm and Haas transaction? And then secondly, I mean we've seen the price of NOVA Chemical, we've seeing what's happen to Lyondell. Right now, petrochemical assets are really sort of trading at very distressed multiples. But it is the case that you have a very valuable agricultural business and there is a very valuable salt business that Rohm and Haas has. So in order to fill this $7 billion hole, as you say, all options are on the table, are some of those options the sale of the higher quality assets of Dow in order to fill that gap?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, Jeff, that's a great conceptual question. And I think the bandwidth you provided it is exactly right. I mean if you take... even if you read the legal brief we filed this morning, I Frank Mitsch was asking about and he said it was put in layman's terms. So I think it's pretty clear if you read that brief that throughout the month of the December, all the way up until the Kuwaiti event, we were closing the Rohm and Haas deal whenever regulatory approvals came through. Despite this massive correction, despite the pressure on paying too much in July, I think all these things, the reality was that the market was deteriorating, December was a terrible month, we started to see it in the back end of December and then the Kuwaitis withdrew from us. So we've got two holes created to us. Hole number one was the Kuwait hole, if we can call it that, which is a $7 billion net hole. And the second hole was '09 started to look very differently at the back end of '08 than what we originally said as recent as, I think Frank pointed out, early in December. And so that hole was an operating hole that of course had the two events together with the downgrades that occurred the day after the Kuwaitis made their announcement, verbal notification to us, hit our ability to look at the financing of the whole transaction period. So the dominos that occurred all within a matter of weeks. Yes, simplistically, you could say it's a $7 billion hole, but it's a $7 billion hole net plus an operating environment that is horrible that is creating almost no money from income, basically as Geoff said earlier, plus this tenuousness on the financing side. Those three things together with the economic uncertainty we are facing and maintaining investment grade rating to recover... to put a recovery plan in place that makes sense to your conceptual question to fill against all those uncertainties, you've got to do many things and put them all on the table. And I think your point on divestments is not lost on us. We have 12 assets we are working on right now, including the K-Dow assets of varying sizes that we are working on with divestment teams and also banks, investment banks. So to help us work out which of these are realizable in the context of filling the hole that we just addressed together in your question and my answer and on top of that more specifically, where there is traction from a buyer universe. And I think your analysis on the commodity side is fair. I won't declare defeat yet. I think there is strong interest in a, let's call it, an asset that is number one in the world, polyethylene, that has proven demonstrated earnings capability through upcycles. So the clarity around cycle average earnings there is demonstrated over many, many cycles. But having said that, I think your point is very valid. And so therefore, you have to go through the universe of specialty assets and say to yourself, which in the portfolio fit the Dow long-term strategy, which ones don't? And we've always said that AgroSciences needs a different act. It can't be just the current act. We are very proud of the business, it's a high earner. In the last five years we have invested in it. It's generated a great R&D pipeline and in fact generated a lot of great niches and in fact good positions around the world in various crops and in various chemical markets. But having said that, I would tell you that all options are on the table. And the mere fact that I've said that there are 12 assets that we are working on I think answers your question.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Thanks very much. That's a very clear answer.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Jeff.
Operator: Our next question will come from Michael Judd with Greenwich Consultants.
Michael Judd: Yes, good morning. A question on the financing with the banks. I know that you've been working hard on the strategic plans. But I am just wondering if you could give us an update in terms of the potentiality for more permanent financing of that $1 billion.... Sorry, not $1 billion, but for the one year bridge loan. And in addition to that, I have a follow-on question. Thank you.
Geoffery Merszei: Yes, Mike, this is Geoffery. I mean recognizing that we're in a very difficult banking environment, right, we are I think making pretty good progress in our discussions with the lead arrangers, i.e., Citi, Morgan Stanley and BofA, the combination of Merrill. If you recall, Merrill was one of the three lead arrangers. And so now we are talking to BofA. We haven't yet concluded the extension that you referred to of the term out for an additional one year. But like I said, we are making good progress and we hope sometime in the future, in the near term future, to conclude this transaction.
Michael Judd: Fair enough. And as a part of that, will there be something beyond just bridge financing? Could there be more permanent financing? And then just secondarily, on the preferreds, the Kuwaitis had made a commitment I believe for 1 billion. Is that still reasonable to anticipate that that would still occur?
Geoffery Merszei: Yes, Mike. Both the KI and Warren Buffet's 3 billion, the total of 4 billion convertibles, we expect those still to occur. And with regards to additional financing, the whole idea is to get a term out for our exiting bridge, which will allow us then to secure the right type of rating, a strong investment grade rating so that we can go and tap the public debt markets. So the intention is not to make full use of this bridge, but in fact this is an interim kind of a bridge in order to tap the public debt market. Did I answer your question?
Michael Judd: Yes, it does. Thanks for the help.
Geoffery Merszei: Okay, Mike.
Operator: We'll move to a question from Kevin McCarthy with Bank of America.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, good morning. Andrew would you address the subject of asset rationalization in the chemical segment? And as destocking abates, would you expect that business to return to profitability at some point this year?
Andrew Liveris: And when you say chemical business, Kevin, just so I'm clear, you mean our Basic chemical business, right?
Kevin McCarthy: Your chemical segment, correct.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, right. Yes, look, it's no question that if you take EO/EG, it appears we are going through a cyclical trough. In other words, the compressed margins that are pretty much led by this demand destruction in the polyester textile change, which is basically China, has basically said that the EO/EG business for most of this year is the demand-led trough which should not therefore benefit from any restocking. I think that would be the first point we'd make. So we don't have much hope there for margin of any sort in the EO/EG business. That's part of Ghana (ph), the overwhelming stable we are making around how we see '09. There is also of course in the basic chemical sector, there is the big ones for us is EDC vinyl and the PVC chain in general on the caustic side. Clearly, the housing, residential markets, the piping markets, all of that. Chlorine and it's associated exposure to that is really bad, I mean not just in the United States, but around the world. And on top of that, there are other chlorine derivates that Dow has over these many years moved our portfolio to value add chlorine derivates like those in the polyurethanes chain. The polyurethanes chain has also been hit. So whether it's the isocyanides or polyol in general for bedding and furniture, appliances, other durables, those markets have also had massive demand destruction. And there's no end in sight and that's also global. So you'd look at all that and say chlorine margin recovery, whether it's in the specialty side of the house or in the EDC vinyl side of the house, we're not assuming any of it this year. So very prolonged chlorine trough. Of course, the flip is going on in caustic. I mean caustic is having the restrained supply issue, which of course is causing their prices to stay up. But that doesn't mitigate the negativity on chlorine at all. And of course the other issue on caustic is as metals, especially aluminum go through their massive correction, it will start to impact caustic as well. So I hate to be the harbinger of doom,, but I will tell you, the basic chemical sector is going to have a terrible '09.
Kevin McCarthy: Okay. And then as a follow up on a different subject and perhaps one with some better outlook, Dow AgroSciences has hung in quite nicely. Looking ahead to '09, we do have lower commodity prices, some credit availability issues around the world among growers and some degree of pressure on farm income. So just filling that down, Andrew, would you expect Dow AgroSciences' operating income to rise, fall or stay about flat in '09 versus '08?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, I think '08 as Jerome Peribere liked to tell me, all the stars were aligned for a perfect year. And '09, where we're thinking that if it stays flat, that will be sensational because '08 was so good. There is uncertainty out there on what U.S. farmers are going to plant. And as you probably know, I mean many farmers are awaiting to see what commodity and fertilizer prices are going to do before deciding. And with high fertilizer prices relative to commodity prices, they probably will favor soybean planting over corn in the U.S. And there are drought issues in Argentina and California and Texas. There are some challenging financial situations in Latin America and Eastern Europe. So even though agriculture is somewhat protected from the economic meltdown, it's going to be hard to keep the agricultural economy at the same levels of '08. So flat would be great and maybe a little down.
Kevin McCarthy: Thanks very much.
Howard Ungerleider: Jennifer, we've time for one last question.
Operator: Okay, sir. We'll take our last question from John Roberts with Buckingham Research.
John Roberts: Good morning guys.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning, John.
John Roberts: I didn't read all of your legal filing this morning, but is the crux of your case that Rohm and Haas Board has responsibility on just the shareholders, they've got responsibility to the employees and community. And is there any precedent where a Board has been forced to put employees in community ahead of the shareholders?
Kevin McCarthy: So, John, I am sorry, I am going to... even though it's the last question, I am going have to defer given we've got litigation pending. I just... we don't want to be disruptive to the process. But I would encourage not only to read the briefing, but read actually my transcript here, my prepared remarks. I think I pretty much addressed the point you are making and I think you derive the answer you need from those two documents.
John Roberts: Okay. Maybe you take one more question then from someone then. Thanks.
Howard Ungerleider: That's all the time we have. Thanks John. Thanks to everybody for joining us on the call today. Our team looks forward to talking with you again soon. Bye bye.
Operator: Thank you, sir. This does conclude today's teleconference. We thank you all for your participation. Have a great day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Dow Chemical Company's Third Quarter 2008 Earnings Results Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Howard Ungerleider. Please go ahead sir.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, Derek. Good morning everyone and welcome. As usual, we are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of the Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and CEO; Geoffery Merszei, Dow's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Tate, Director in Investor Relations. Around 6.30 this morning, October 23rd, our earnings release went out on PR Newswire and was posted on the Internet on Dow's website dow.com. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments on this conference call. The slides are posted on our website, available on the presentations page of the Investor Relations section or through the link to our webcast. As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee that the accuracy of any of our forecasts or estimates and we do not plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. Now, if you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release on our website. Our earnings release, as well as recent 10-Qs, 10-Ks, 8-Ks and annual reports are available on the Internet at dow.com in the financial reports page of the Investor Relations section. Starting with the agenda on slide 3, Geoffery will begin today's call with a high level review of our third quarter. He will turn the call back to me for some additional detail at the operating segment level. Geoffery will then address several critical issues that are on the minds of many of our investors, such as what we're doing to address the global economic crisis and he'll give you an update on two of the larger transformational actions we have underway, the formation of K-Dow Petrochemicals and our planned acquisition of Rohm and Haas, as well as our outlook. Finally, after our prepared remarks, we'll move to your questions for both Andrew and Geoffery. Now turning to slide 4, you'll see a summary of the financial highlights for the quarter. Let me hand it over to Geoffery.
Geoffery E. Merszei: Thank you, Howard, and good morning The third quarter was characterized by three major events-the record high feedstock and energy costs, the weakening global demand, and finally, the two large hurricanes that hit the US Gulf Coast I believe Dow performed well in the quarter, despite these challenges delivering significant price increases tight cost controls and once again strong and consistent equity earnings. So let's get into the details on slide five. Sales for the third quarter increased 13% from the same period last year to $15.4 billion. Price increased 22% with double digit price gains in all operating segments and all geographic areas. In fact, this was the largest year-over-year percentage increase in price since the first quarter of 2005. Now volume was down 9% globally reduced 2% by the impact of the hurricanes Gustav and Ike, further weakening of demand and our focus on implementing price increases in the quarter. Now excluding the impact of acquisitions and divestitures and the hurricanes, volume was down 5%. I am pleased to report that the outstanding performance in Agricultural Sciences continued setting a new third quarter sales and EBIT record. And equity earnings were $266 million for the third quarter, marking the seventh consecutive quarter that earnings from our joint ventures exceeded $250 million. Now, in spite of the recent significant declines in energy prices, which occurred near the end of the quarter purchased, feedstock and energy costs surged 48% representing an increase of $2.6 billion over the same quarter last year. And actually, we were up more than $350 million, or $0.27 per share sequentially. This was the largest year-over-year increase in the company's history and the third consecutive quarter in which these costs reached new heights. So as a result, margin expansion in the quarter was not achieved by either our basic or performance segments as the hurricanes idled approximately 80% of our North American capacity in September, just as feedstock costs were declining. All of this led to reported earnings for the quarter of $0.46 per share. Now, turning to slide six, please keep in mind that this number reflects the unfavorable impact on the hurricanes composed of $0.09 per share in costs and $0.03 per share in margin on lost sales. In addition, there was a $0.03 per share impact for purchased in-process research and development charges, and $0.02 per share for expenses related to our announced acquisition of Rohm and Haas. Now, if we add this to the reported earnings of $0.46, you get to an adjusted earnings level of $0.63. And this does not take into account that we had an unusually high tax rate of 29% in the quarter, which would add another $0.03 per share. So as I said earlier, I believe this was a good quarter for Dow, particularly, considering the numerous challenges we faced through the quarter. Another way to look at our earnings is to start with our second quarter earnings of $0.81, then subtract the earnings difference in our AgroSciences division of $0.18, which is due to the normal seasonality of this business. And next, factoring the substantial increase in our hydrocarbon and energy costs of $0.27 per share on a sequential basis that I referred to earlier. Now, adding these two items together, could have dropped our earnings to as low as $0.36. But due to the success of our pricing increases and our aggressive cost controls, I hope you agree that we delivered significantly better results. And this does not even take into account that the third quarter is traditionally Dow's weakest quarter or that we incurred various hurricane-related impacts. Now, before I turn the call back to Howard, I would like to briefly highlight the strong contributions from our joint ventures as seen on slide seven. Let's begin with Dow Corning which reported record third quarter sales and earnings due in part to excellent results at its Hemlock semiconductor unit. Next, our joint venture OPTIMAL in Malaysia had a solid quarter as well with margin expansion driven by higher prices and cost advantaged feedstocks. And our joint venture EQUATE in Kuwait reported strong polyethylene results driven by higher prices and their advantaged feedstock position. However, these strong results were offset by lower ethylene glycol earnings. And now, I'd like to turn the call back to Howard for a review of our performance by operating segment in the quarter
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, Geoffery. Now, starting with slide eight in Performance Plastics, the majority of the businesses in this segment posted double-digit price gains with price up 14% overall. Volume was down 4% on further declines in the North American automotive and housing industries. Demand also softened in these same industries in Europe, particularly in residential and commercial construction in Spain and the UK. In Dow Polyurethanes, volumes declined due to softening demand for furniture bedding and appliance applications as well as our aggressive efforts to raise prices and the impact of the hurricanes, which limited supply. Polyurethane Systems, however, reported strong demand for insulation materials used in oil and gas exploration applications. In fact, the business broke ground on an expansion at its Izolan system house in Russia during the quarter to capitalize on growth in this area. In Dow Epoxy, there was significant margin squeeze in intermediates because of industry oversupply, which limited our ability to raise prices enough to offset higher costs In Dow Epoxy Systems, growth in wind energy and infrastructure applications, however, remain strong. Despite robust price gains across the segment, selling prices continue to lag significant increases in raw material costs during the quarter. And with the impact of the hurricanes, EBIT in the Performance Plastics segment was down versus the same period last year. Now moving to slide nine, for the ninth consecutive quarter Performance Chemicals posted year-over-year price gains up 21%. In North America, Asia-Pacific and Latin America price improved in each of these regions by more than 20%. Designed Polymers reported strong demand in food, pharmaceutical and personal care applications in Dow Wolff Cellulosics, which partially offset weakness in construction polymers. Dow Water Solutions reported growth for FILMTEC reverse-osmosis membranes and ion-exchange resins as global water industry fundamentals remain strong due to growing demand for clean water. Outstanding results were reported in Biocides driven by growth in oil and gas applications. In Specialty Chemicals, prices were higher in all geographical areas and strong demand was reported in industrial and household cleaning applications as well as in the agricultural industry. Margins for Dow Latex expanded in the quarter, due to our strong focus on price, which was aided by a limited supply of a key raw material. Equity earnings were strong in the quarter based on results from OPTIMAL and Dow Corning. Sales and earnings accelerated during the quarter at Dow Corning due to continued strong demand in the Solar industry as well as new capacity at their Hemlock semiconductor unit, which was operational for the full quarter. For the Performance Chemicals segment overall, EBIT increased as improvement in sales and higher equity earnings offset an increase in raw material costs. Slide 10 highlights our continued strong performer Dow AgroSciences. Following a stellar performance in the first half of the year and despite this being a seasonally slow quarter, Dow AgroSciences delivered a third quarter sales and EBIT record. Price was up 18% while volume increased 8% reflecting organic growth and growth from recent acquisitions. Our broad product portfolio of both agricultural, chemicals, and seeds continue to benefit from robust global demand for agricultural output. Sales in seeds and traits increased in the quarter led by a higher demand for sunflower oil and seed in Latin America. Chlorine sales in Brazil also rose in the quarter, due to an improved farm economy and a solid performance from our Agromen acquisition. Strong demand was reported for cereal and broadleaf crop herbicides in North America and Northern Europe, due to high cereal prices, an increase in planted acres and the very successful launch of Pyroxsulam in Canada which exceeded customer expectations. Glyphosate sales were up in the quarter, driven by higher prices due to tight industry supply conditions. Strong volume growth continued for new products Penoxsulam rice herbicide and Aminopyralid herbicide for range and pasture. Spinetoram insecticide sales continued to ramp-up from product launches in the United States The business announced two new bolt-on acquisitions in the quarter; Dairyland Seed and Renze Hybrids. These represent the fifth and sixth acquisitions Dow AgroSciences has completed since May 2007. Earnings were unfavorably impacted by pretax charges totaling $27 million for purchased in-process research and development related to these acquisitions. Now shifting to the basic on slide 11, sales in Basic Plastics rose 7% to $3.5 billion, up from $3.3 billion in the same period last year. Price increased a robust 25% and was up in all businesses and in all geographic areas. Volume, however, decreased 18% due in part to several portfolio management actions Dow has taken over the past year namely the shutdown of capacity in Louisiana and Brazil and the formation of our Americas Styrenics joint venture in May of this year. Volumes were also unfavorably impacted by the hurricanes. Strong price gains in polyethylene more than offset increases in purchased feedstock and energy costs. Demand for polypropylene was down, again, this quarter, due to lower consumer spending and slowdowns in the housing and automotive sectors. Equity earnings were up versus the same period last year on improved earnings from EQUATE EBIT for Basic Plastics was down compared with the same period last year, due to price increases not being sufficient to offset significantly higher raw material costs as well as the impact of the hurricanes. And finally in Basic Chemicals on slide 12, sales of $1.5 billion for the quarter were flat with the same period last year. This segment recorded a 20% gain in price and a 20% decline in volume. Compared with last year volumes were lower due to the sale of the caustic soda business in western Canada in December of 2007. Pricing for caustic soda continued to be strong benefiting from ongoing favorable industry supply demand fundamentals. Demand for vinyl chloride monomer used in PVC production, however, continued to decline as end use applications for PVC in residential building and construction applications remained extremely weak. Results for the ChlorVinyls business were also impacted by the hurricanes which extended an earlier unplanned outage at our manufacturing facility in Freeport Texas. Volume was down in the ethylene oxide/ethylene glycol business due to weak industry fundamentals and further declines in polyester fiber demand in Asia-Pacific. The EO/EG business was also negatively impacted by the two hurricanes in the quarter. Despite selling prices that are higher and higher equity earnings from OPTIMAL EBIT was significantly lower compared with the third quarter of 2007. One final data point, our operating rates for the quarter was 76%, down from 83% last quarter primarily because of the hurricanes. Excluding the hurricane impact, our operating rate would have been slightly higher sequentially at 84%. Now, I'd like to turn the call back to Geoffery, who will address several critical issues that are on the minds of many of our investors.
Geoffery E. Merszei: Thank you, Howard. Let's now turn to slide 13, and the topic of risk management, I would like to share with you what we have done to preserve our financial flexibility and further strengthen our financial discipline. As we all know these are clearly challenging times, but I want to assure you that Dow remains financially strong; our balance sheet is in good shape; and the company has sufficient liquidity and financial flexibility to meet all of its business obligations. When we saw the credit markets were beginning to tighten back in the summer of 2007, we proactively focused our risk management activities in two areas liquidity and counterparty risk. Today, in the area of liquidity, we have committed credit lines of approximately $5 billion, of which half remains unused. In addition, we have other sources of funding available to us throughout the world. And for example, here in the US, we regularly issue medium-term retail bonds. Now regarding counterparty risk, we diversified our financial exposures. And by this, I'm referring to investments as well as the derivatives. We've also limited the maximum amount of exposure we would have to each counterparty as well as being very selective in the type of investments we make. In addition to preserving our financial flexibility, our financial discipline also remains intact. We've taken a number of actions to preserve cash, defer or eliminate capital spending and cut costs. First, we're re-examining all capital projects in light of the new economic environment and plan to reduce our capital spending by $100 million by year end. So this will lower our capital spending goal from $2.2 billion to $2.1 billion Next, we're delaying all discretionary spending. In fact, in the third quarter, we successfully reduced our SG&A expenses by almost $20 million sequentially. And in light of the current economic environment, we have put in place new plans to reduce spending by an additional $100 million to $150 million before year end. We also have a goal to reduce our working capital by several $100 million. Specifically, here we plan to reduce DSI by three days to 59 days by year end. And we are very actively managing our credit policies. In fact our days sales outstanding tied a yearly low of 38 days in the third quarter. So we believe that these are prudent measures, given the economic slowdown and the uncertain times ahead. I would also like to mention that Dow has been actively managing its business portfolio and taking action on underperforming underutilized or non-competitive assets for quite sometime now. For example, in the last two years, we've announced 43 plant shutdowns, we exited 17 sites, and we've divested 18 businesses. And we will continue to trim spending on businesses that cannot hold their ground during tough economic conditions In fact, year-to-date, we have divested nine businesses with revenues of approximately $1.5 billion and more than $40 million of negative EBIT. So we're also actively realigning existing businesses for growth and profitability. The recent realignment in Dow Emulsion Polymers is a good example. The outcome of this effort will be more focused lean and a more agile business model. By the end of 2008 Dow Emulsion Polymers will have reduced its production capacity by about 20% here in North America and 10% in Europe. The business will also have reduced its workforce by approximately 22%. So this strong financial discipline has become part of our culture. This provides Dow with the strength and stability needed to navigate even in these challenging times. And speaking of strength and stability, nothing communicates this more than our cash dividend. So as you can see on, slide 14 Dow has a long and distinguished dividend history And according to my own research Dow is the only company in the Fortune 200 that has either maintained or increased its regular quarterly dividend since 1912. Now this includes paying our dividend through two world wars, the Great Depression, the oil shock of the '70s, the savings and loan collapse of the '80s, the Asian financial crisis in the '90s as well as numerous industry cycles. If you add it up, that's 388 consecutive quarters of remunerating our shareholders without reduction or interruption. I would like to reassure our investors that we have every intention to continue this long standing tradition. And at today's stock price, our dividend yield is over 7% making Dow a very appealing investment choice indeed. Now in the time that remains, I would like to update you on the two large transformational actions, we have underway. First on slide 15, I would like to discuss the formation of K-Dow Petrochemicals, our joint venture with our Kuwaiti partners. Now over the past 10 months, we have been hard at work on this extremely exciting new venture and we're still on track to close this transaction by year end, which was the expected timing that we communicated when we announced this new joint venture last December. Now when this transaction is complete, we will have created a global petrochemical leader with sales of approximately $14 billion. In fact since we're a public company, it would rank in the Fortune 200. As you can imagine, creating a Fortune 200 company from scratch is extremely complex. This carve out includes over 60 plants, 50 manufacturing sites and 11 joint ventures spread out in 11 countries. Given the size and geographic reach of this joint venture, K-Dow is establishing more than 60 new legal entities. And to facilitate the negotiation, a data room containing more than 12,000 documents and over 150,000 pages was established. More than 1,000 Dow employees have been actively engaged in this project throughout the year. And because Dow and K-Dow will be both customer and supplier to one another at many sites, we've created approximately 250 supply, service and technology agreements. It's important to remember that these are agreements, which will preserve the value of Dow's integration and our ability to supply our performance businesses with key raw materials. Recently, we named the K-Dow leadership team and announced that its corporate headquarters will be located in southeast Michigan. The management team at K-Dow will consist of both Dow and Kuwaiti leaders, who have many years of experience with the businesses being contributed to this joint venture and operating successfully through numerous petrochemical industry cycles. Now this management team has already been working diligently to obtain financing for K-Dow. And as a result of this effort, K-Dow will have the funds necessary to successfully operate independently and grow on day one. This is a clear recognition that these are high quality businesses and are strong cash generators throughout the ethylene cycle. And needless to say. this also speaks to the reputation and financial strength of both companies. Remember Kuwaiti Petroleum Corporation is one of the world's top 10 energy companies. So where are we in the closing process? Well, regarding regulatory approvals, the transaction has received clearance from the FTC here in the United States and the European Commission, and the project has been cleared by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the US also known as CFIUS, due to it being deemed outside of their scope. This transaction has also been approved in Kuwait by the Board of Directors of both PIC and its parent the Kuwait Petroleum Corporation. And we are currently awaiting final approval from the Kuwaiti government via their Supreme Petroleum Council. So as I said earlier we remain on track to close this transaction by the end of the year. Now moving on to slide 16, I'd like to talk about our announced acquisition of Rohm and Haas. We remain on track to close this transaction in the early part of 2009 pending, of course, regulatory approvals. In order to complete the transaction, we have secured a $13 billion bridge loan. This facility has been fully committed and successfully syndicated amongst 19 banks with very favorable terms and conditions. We have also secured $4 billion in convertible preferred securities for this acquisition: $1 billion from the Kuwaiti Investment Authority and $3 billion from Berkshire Hathaway. These two facilities are contingent upon the close of the Rohm and Haas acquisition, and they're also committed. And as you recall, these securities carry a coupon of 8.5%. Now I believe, Warren Buffett chose to invest in Dow because one, we have a good brand; two, an excellent management team; and three, a sound strategy and business position in our industry. And I also believe, his involvement in this transaction is a sound endorsement of our transformational strategy and most importantly the long-term value it will create. And after utilizing these funding sources and the proceeds from the formation of K-Dow, we expect to draw approximately $4 billion to $6 billion from a $13 billion bridge facility in order to complete this acquisition. And as we said, back in July, Rohm and Haas is a strong operational fit for Dow. And this combination brings together best-in-class products and technologies broad geographic reach and leading industry positions in coatings, electronics and adhesives to create an outstanding business portfolio with significant growth opportunities. And we're also making great progress on identifying synergies between the two companies, and we remain confident, we will achieve the $800 million in cost synergies that we announced back in July. Now I'd like to remind you that this $800 million we committed is in addition to the $110 million announced restructuring program that Rohm and Haas already has underway. And given the current economic climate, we are already identifying new ways to accelerate the implementation of the $800 million synergy commitment. As part of our acceleration effort, we have set a goal to be at a $100 million annual run rate by day one of the new Dow, an achievement rare in acquisitions. So here are just a few examples of the work that has begun to get us to this run rate commitment. First is an example in the IT space, where we will be able to immediately rationalize similar capabilities and stop redundant project work. In fact just looking at Dow's current IT activity, we have already identified a 100,000 hours of active project work that could possibly be eliminated. Now, this is especially true in SAP development and implementation, AND another example is in the purchase services area, where we expect to have reductions in spending on IT from critical vendors based on the increased scale of our new company. And we've set an aggressive timeline to implement these cost reductions, where we fully expect to achieve our run rate in the range of $40 million to $50 million in savings immediately following the close of the transaction. I'll share with you another example in marketing and sales We believe Rohm and Haas has the best-in-class marketing organization in our sector and knows how to drive profitable growth from customer-driven technologies and products. Now it's our intention to integrate this capability throughout the Dow organization. In doing so, we'll achieve marketing and sales cost synergies with an estimated run rate of $30 million on day one as well. So as you can see the majority of the $100 million day one run rate has already been identified. And finally, in order to accelerate the capture of synergies post-closing and be ready to implement on day one we have launched a number of clean teams to focus on cost and growth synergies. Now, this is no different from what we have done in the past with some of our past acquisitions. Clean teams are typically comprised of third parties such as Dow retirees or independent consultants, who do much of the pre-work in advance of closings. And these teams gather and analyze the data as well as formulate recommendations, which will be shared with the implementation teams immediately after closing. So, clean teams have been established in the functional areas of purchasing, supply chain, tax controllers and manufacturing. And all of these efforts are aimed at jump-starting synergy capture on day one. So as you can see on slide 17, here is a summary of the major categories of savings we've identified in our $800 million commitment. In summary, we remain very confident in our ability to deliver total savings of at least $910 million and do it quickly after close. Now I'd like to share with you a few more updates on important milestones regarding this transaction. We're currently responding to a second request for information, which we received from the FTC here in the United States and we are cooperating. Now in an effort to mitigate potential antitrust issues, we proactively announced that we are exploring divestiture options for our Clear Lake, Texas Acrylic Acid and Esters business as well as our UCAR Emulsions Systems Specialty Latex business here in North America. And we're also cooperating in the European Commission's review of this transaction and they are on track to file regulatory documents in that process. And finally, there is a Rohm and Haas shareholder vote on the proposed acquisition, which is scheduled for October 29. So at this point we're not aware of issues that would prevent us from achieving any of the milestones, I just outlined with you and we reconfirm our intent to close this transaction in the early part of 2009. Our acquisition of Rohm and Haas is very consistent with our strategy increase the percentage of specialty businesses in our portfolio, so we are better able to withstand the ups and downs of the economic and industry cycle, and most importantly, create shareholder value in the long-term. So turning now to slide 18, I'd like to make a few comments about our outlook and what to expect from Dow in the fourth quarter. The global economy is now clearly feeling the effects of the same economic issues that have plagued the US for the past several quarters. These issues have been magnified by a lack of consumer confidence resulting in a drop in demand not only in the US but, in fact, around the world. So while feedstock and energy costs have significantly declined from the all-time highs that we experienced only recently, we believe margin expansion of fourth quarter will likely be muted by weakening demand. So as I mentioned earlier, Dow is well-positioned to weather this increasingly difficult economic downturn. We have a strong balance sheet. We have a track record of strong financial discipline. And we are accelerating our focus on what we can control namely price, volume, management as well as cutting costs, deferring or canceling capital spending and continued business portfolio management. And in addition, we will continue to implement actions that are aligned with our transformational strategy, such as completing our petrochemical joint venture with our Kuwaiti partners and closing our announced acquisition of Rohm and Haas. So thank you very much. And at this time, I will hand the call back to Howard for the Q&A portion.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, Geoffery. That wraps up our prepared remarks. For your reference, a copy of these comments will be posted on Dow's website later today. Now, we'll move onto your questions. Before we do though, I'd like to remind you that my comments on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both our prepared remarks and to anything that may come up during the Q&A Derek would you please explain the Q&A procedure? Question and Answer
Operator: Yes, sir. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question that will come from PJ Juvekar. Sir, your line is no open, please go ahead.
PJ Juvekar: Yes. Hi. Good morning.
Howard Ungerleider: Good morning.
PJ Juvekar: You mentioned that your glyphosate profitability was up due to tight supply demand. How do you see that supply/demand playing out in '09? And then what is your glyphosate strategy, let's say, for next few years?
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, hi, PJ. We actually do see China capacity coming on in '09, which will cause some moderation of margins. And therefore, if you like not the stuff we've been seeing so far this year I think that's on the supply side. On the demand side, I do think we've kind of had a little bit of a farm bubble here these last couple years and I think that's going to moderate in a very slowing economy, although, people will still eat clearly. So I think that Ag sector still remains very strong in general not just the glyphosate side in '09 I would say. Our own strategy, we remain very committed to being a supplier. Obviously, we have outsourcing agreements and our agreements with Monsanto and it's very much a part of our repertoire, although I would tell you we could always do with more It's continually what we're seeking for is more and more channels inclusive of more and more ways to get glyphosate as part of our overall mix.
PJ Juvekar: Thank you. And quickly, Geoff, you didn't talk about stock buyback when you talked about your financial strategy. If you look around many industrial companies are suspending stock buybacks to conserve cash. Can you just tell us how you're thinking about buybacks?
Geoffery E. Merszei: Well, sure. As you know thanks for the question, PJ. As you know, during the course of the third quarter, we'll be completed our $2 billion program and we spent about $50 million on that The only reason why we haven't announced yet another programs is because we have two very large transactions that are about to close plus, of course, your last point, which is on cash preservation. But let me reiterate what our financial policy has been over the last two years and will continue to be is that at a minimum we're going to cover dilution. This is on an annual basis. And you can count on a new program following the two transactions that we are about to complete. PJ?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We'll take our next question from Mr. Kevin McCarthy. Please go ahead.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes. Good morning.
Andrew N. Liveris: Hi, Kevin.
Kevin McCarthy: Andrew, Dow sales are roughly six times that of Rohm and Haas yet based on the deal price of 78 you'd be paying a price for the equity that's roughly 70% of your own stock market value here. So my question is given the unprecedented volatility in the capital markets do you still feel as though the Rohm and Haas transaction is tenable based on the original terms or must it be re-negotiated?
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, it's clearly you're using numbers based on current equity markets and I think if you saw me on CNBC this morning. There's many of us. I think Mr. Welch was on TV saying the same thing as I was that fewer equity markets have disconnected from true valuations of companies and enterprises like ours. I mean just look at our dividend yield give you an indicator of how ludicrous as I used the word this morning, valuations are So I don't think your math works that way. And if you're going to tell me that we should have waited, then, I could have told you that it wouldn't have been available at these equity valuations. And I would also tell you the family wouldn't have sold. And so the strategic rationale for the Rohm and Haas deal remains hugely intact equity markets will eventually re-catch up with what should be the right valuations based on the strength of companies. Companies like ours have been unfairly marked down, but I've been I am not going to moan about that. We're just going to deliver the value that we talked about when we announced the deal. And as Geoffery said in his talk, the value is very strongly positive. Everything we've seen on the cost synergies are there. We don't talk about the growth synergies because we didn't count them. And so, we still believe that our numbers are intact based on our ability to deliver the cost synergies and tilt the company's portfolio to be two-thirds specialty to one-third commodity, which is what these two transactions are doing. A lot of Monday morning quarterbacks out there, I'm not listening to any of them.
Kevin McCarthy: Understood. Not trying to do that. I certainly understand valuations are very well dislocated and this strategy makes a lot of sense for you. Separate topic on the subject of foreign exchange, I was wondering if you could address the subject of any changes you may foresee in international trade flows as well as translation. I know you don't normally get into a lot of detail on FX, but obviously we've seen a lot of volatility in the US dollar movement recently as well.
Geoffery E. Merszei: Sure, Kevin. On a year-over-year basis, the currency impact on price which was favorable was about one-fifth of that 22%. But keep in mind, we have a very large manufacturing base throughout the world. And so any gains on a year-over-year basis, a large portion of that is offset through higher costs. And in fact, I did not highlight in my comments that on a sequential basis, we actually had a negative impact from currency. But as you know, we don't highlight the currency part, but it was negative in the short-term. If you compare year-over-year currency impact, you've got to take into account the profile of the business. And there is clearly a correlation between commodities and currencies. All you need to do is look at the Canadian dollar and the Australian dollar, and see how they have deteriorated, of course, because of the call it a disease depreciation of the various commodities. Over the long-term, we believe that the US dollar will probably be on the weakening side. I don't normally look at my crystal ball and it's only a crystal ball, but I think short term we've probably reached a PPV a value PPP value; person and price parity value of I think today the Euro was at $1.28 and the last thing that I read was at around $1.25. So I think we have pretty much seen the strength of the US dollar. And I would venture that over the course of the next couple years, in fact, you're going to get another weakening tendency in the US dollar
Kevin McCarthy: Thank you very much
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Jeff Zekauskas, please go ahead.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Hi. Good morning.
Andrew N. Liveris: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: When you originally negotiated your memorandum of understanding with PIC, I'm sure there was all kinds of negotiating room and over time has the net present value of that arrangement with PIC changed in any way? That is the net present value at your closing different from the net present value of the original memorandum of understanding?
Andrew N. Liveris: Geoffery mentioned on the talk how much work is being done, the thousands and thousands of documents and moving parts And when you take all that and you net out and you do this that and the other we come out on the other side of it, well, the answering your question is no. The net present value stayed very intact and very firm. And the Kuwaitis, if I can take a second here when they did the deal, what happens when you work with a country is they think long-term, and really buying in half of one of the world's leading plastics franchises to them was a growth opportunity versus if you like a valuation opportunity at that moment in time. That was their whole way of thinking. They did their economic rationale based on what this franchise would do to grow from here with access to their feedstocks. And so as they went through their approval process at Kuwait Petroleum's board, they reaffirmed the MPV value and IRR to them and ditto to us despite these thousands of moving parts that you might have alluded to or your question might have alluded to a change of some sort, Jeff. We were quite both of us pleasantly surprised that way.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: I guess this is my second question. In terms of the Clear Lake and UCAR Emulsions Divestiture calculated in 2007 sales, how large is that divestiture relative to the 1.3 billion limit you have with the arrangement with Rohm and Haas?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, clearly, those two, one business and one facility, $500 or so million just a little north of that and not very material to the size of the company obviously. And those were good businesses for Dow. They in both cases came through acquisition as you probably know [inaudible] from Carbide and Clear Lake from Celanese. And we understood as we did the Rohm and Haas deal that we would have to divest, but they're not substantial in size
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Okay. Thank you very much
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will take our next question from Mr. Mark Connelly. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark Connelly: Thanks. I am asking both again in another way, if you want. The first question, the strong pricing that you're seeing in the performance businesses suggested it might be on the more commoditized side of your portfolio, and if that's true, then you might start to see a decline in that pricing as energy prices back off? I was wondering if you could could you comment on that? And the second question is about your spending reductions. I'm curious what the giveback on that is, I mean presumably those were high return projects to begin with, so can you give us a sense of what it means to pull those back?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, Mark. Thank you. We'll get both questions answered. Thanks for asking them simultaneously. Look on the pricing power, clearly, with the severe drop you know, we started the third quarter with oil hovering in the 140, 150 mark naphtha north of 1,000 EC [ph], where half those rates outbound in the quarter. So the commodities have come down commensurate with that decline. The specialties have to your point have which is roughly half of the portfolio have lagged down although there are pressures on some of the more differentiated commodity part of the specialty portfolio, which is roughly half again of that half. So, frankly, the quarter of the company that seems to have hung in there quite well on price power because their markets are good still despite recessionary environments and they're not as their pricing is value pricing versus commodity input pricing. Our businesses in the specialty area like Dow Water and Wolff Cellulosics. These are doing well because of the markets they serve plus not really hydrocarbon-driven. But we have been bringing down prices on the commodity side to commensurate with the drop in oil and gas, now the mostly oil actually mostly naphtha. But just a little footnote, notice OPEC's move this morning, I mean, so we really are still living in volatile times of hydrocarbons and albeit we're down half from where we were three months ago. We still believe that the let's call it the 70 to 90 ranges are still out there and naphtha in the north of 500 to 600s are out there still even in declining demand environments because of the supply side. So we're very watchful of how we set prices but we're very fast and our Basic Plastics business did a great job in the quarter, Remind me, of your second question?
Mark Connelly: On the spending reductions.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes the spending reductions. Look because of the declines in demand the ongoing portfolio work we do here which of course is multi-year, but in these days and ages multi-quarter and multi-week. We see businesses that were performing well that in declining demand environments don't perform well. So a lot of these interventions are because there is now value destruction or less value in something that was creating value before. So we can idle facilities, take out costs and wait. And in some cases, look at it in a more permanent way, and that's the nature of the interventions not we're keeping all of our growth programs intact, our R&D spending is actually up, so, frankly, with portfolio managing, a way through your question.
Mark Connelly: Got it. That makes sense. Thank you.
Howard Ungerleider: Derek, for the sake of the limited amount of time remaining, can we limit each caller to one question please, so we can get more callers in?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our next question will go to Mr. Frank Mitsch with BB&T Capital. Please go ahead.
Frank Mitsch: Yes. Hi. Good morning. I have five parts to my one question.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank, Frank.
Frank Mitsch: Andrew, earlier this year, I think back in April as you were looking out at the year you said, hey, we look at strong international markets in Ag are offsetting the US weaknesses. Obviously, in today's release you talked about a looming global recession. Can you talk about the various geographies around the world? What your expectations are for growth and your ability to perform as you look out into 2009?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. Firstly, the calibration to international, as we all did through the most part of this year, we all said our rest of world or in our case 70% of our business being outside the US was a geographic hedge to a very poor US market. And clearly, Frank, that's changed dramatically with our ability as a country to shoot ourselves in the foot and get Main Street to catch the flu and the rest of the world catching the flu due to the credit crunch. And as a consequence of that we're seeing quite a lot of declines. Notably in Europe, I think Europe is as bad as the United States in several markets auto housing, but also appliances, durables, furniture furnishings. So that's the developed world and I would say Japan is not much better, although slightly better. The emerging world is where we are starting to see the slowdowns that are troublesome And that's the credit crunch and consumer confidence in those economies, as well as in the case of the export economies like China, Southeast Asia that export to the US, seeing the loss of the US export market. And for that matter, the dollar moving in the direction it did could actually help that a little bit. But China, I mean, their GDPs are coming down to the 8% mark in terms of forward forecast. For them off of a double-digit GDP, that's a bit of a worrying signal. I don't believe the Chinese will let their GDP go below 8%. They can't afford it. So I think, Frank, there's going to be sort of a kind of a stimulus here sometime in the next few months certainly from China and hopefully, here in the United States that helps correct what I consider maybe the recession environment be all of '09. But we think that will take several quarters to see through. So China are at 8% and then India, Middle East and in Eastern Europe also coming down a few percentage points of their GDP growth to what I would call off the hot pace they were at and more in the 5% ranges and the 4% ranges. I think we're going to see two or three quarters, where the slowdown will continue and the emerging world being affected. And I would tell you that that's at least two quarters maybe three quarters in our mind
Frank Mitsch: All right. Terrific. And you're fond of saying, Andrew, that the coming year should be a good year for Dow. You've said that in the past With this sort of outlook and excluding obviously the Kuwaiti and the Rohm and Haas deal, would you envision 2009 being "a good year" for Dow?
Andrew N. Liveris: The reason it will be a good year for Dow will be nothing to do with the economy nothing to do with the market. Frank, I in my mind, our psychology here is 2003 where we had to intervene to portfolio manage our way through incredibly rough waters in the economy and in the marketplace. Now, 2003 wasn't 2002, thank goodness We are a much stronger company with a better balance sheet. We have the synergies that Geoffery talked about. We have our interventions. We have, frankly, a portfolio move that will help us as we go through the year. And as a consequence of that, I think we will be in good shape in the back half of the year. And so maybe I will declare a good year at that point, but I don't want to fool anyone. I think these troubled waters out there are going to mean that it's going to be tough to navigate. But you're talking to a company that has huge operational excellence on its side And frankly, our mindset here is execution, execution, execution.
Operator: We will take our next question from Mr. Peter Butler. Please go ahead.
Peter Butler: Good morning.
Andrew N. Liveris: Hi, Peter.
Peter Butler: Andrew, wouldn't Carl Gerstacker be backing up the proverbial truck right here to buy shares cheap? Gerstacker would say, "My God, if you can buy at a 7% yield, then you're looking at good news from Kuwait and Rohm and Haas. Why wait for the stock to go higher?"
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. Look, Peter, as Geoffery answered because we have these two or three moving parts that are close in two or three months. But I think Geoffery indicated, I don't know backing up the truck is a colorful way of explaining it. But I said this morning, the dividend is safe. This CEO is never going to cut it. I'm not going to be the first. The yield is unbelievable. The stock is undervalued by a long mile. I mean, so clearly, your analysis is our analysis. We're just going to get through the two transactions. Let us go on the other side of it. And then obviously, stock buyback is going to be top of mind. And these values hang in there in equity markets for the next several months. I think Mr. Buffett said it, well, Buy American. Well, we're American.
Peter Butler: Thanks for the help
Operator: We will take our next question from Mr. Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Robert Koort: Thank you. Good morning.
Andrew N. Liveris: Good morning, Bob.
Geoffery E. Merszei: Good morning.
Robert Koort: Andrew, I think you said on one of the shows this morning that you don't think a $3 trough number is reasonable anymore. I was wondering if you could tell me what the path to the trough looks like? Is it a demand erosion trough in '09? Or do still think '10 or '11 is the trough? And then, secondly, in your performance business particularly Performance Plastics obviously a pretty horrific margin partly influenced by the hurricanes, but what do you see in terms of the progression of your performance business margins as you go through the next couple of years? Thanks.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, I think, Bob, firstly on the trough. We're going to spend a lot of November analyzing our view of '09, '10 and '11 given these new market conditions. Clearly, '09 now is going to be a tough demand year, everything we've just talked about. So we see an economic trough in '09. The industry trough that we were forecasting for '10 and '11 is going to be impacted by both sides of that discussion. One is the new demand forecasts are going to speak stop projects happening. So people who are early in their project calibrations are going to delay projects compared to this is on the commodity stuff in particular and the petrochemical stuff. In addition, there is going to be a lot of competitors out there who don't have our leverage ratios, who are not going to make it. I mean people who are with their debt ratios in the 90s who leveraged up in the good days are going to suffer. You pick your favorite companies, I'm sure you can find them in the commodity chain in particular. And then, on top of that you've got frankly the other side of the coin, which is the people who have got low-cost feedstocks and now can negotiate better EPC contracts because everything is coming off the price of steel, the price of copper, the price of engineering. You can start to bring these projects more in line with the better returns in the low feedstock cost regimen. And so actually companies like Dow, who have put these joint ventures in place should benefit from the '010, '011 scenario compared to what we were before. And last point I'll make, in a declining oil and gas environment, we have feedstock flexibility that we can bring to bear in our developed economies now, which we didn't have up until a month or two ago. In other words, naphtha, LPG, ethane we've got flexi-crackers that we can bring to help us out in the '10-'11 industry trough. So these are the sorts of things we'll be discussing deeply in November and we'll come out on the other side of that and give you guys a better view. Second question, Bob?
Robert Koort: On the performance side, the margins have been pretty lackluster,
Andrew N. Liveris: Of course that is clearly hurricane affected. Although, I would tell you the urethanes business also suffered from this decline in furniture bedding, as you know, slab stock polyol et cetera. So there is a demand correction in the epoxy business had the electronics demand correction that was going on as consumers cut back on consumer electronics markets. So I would tell you there is the more commodity side of the Performance Plastics portfolio saw those declines. However, the systems part, the PU Systems and Epoxy Systems did very well. And that's part of their strategy to go more down market into more, what I would call, value-added businesses. Frankly, Dow Automotive and Dow Building Solutions are having a lot of difficulty. And we are changing their cost curves to suit those new equations in their customer side. So Performance Plastics when you look at the makeup of the businesses, some of those businesses have been underperforming because of the markets and what's going on. And we will be watching that very carefully in terms of their spend rates and investment rates.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Mr. David Begleiter. Please go ahead.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Andrew, Dow Corning has become an important part of the company's earnings. Can you discuss how sustainable these are? Obviously, Solar might be impacted by some of the declines in crude prices. Thank you
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, the Hemlock business model is a terrific business model and frankly Solar is we don't see any declines on the Solar side even at these oil prices. And as I said on an earlier question, where is oil going to bottom out? Is oil going to bottom out because of the demand destruction? Or is it going to bottom out because of the supply side and OPEC intervening? I think we had a big signal this morning that oil is not going to go much south of the numbers it's been at, which makes Solar very attractive and then throw on top of that, you know, look in a few weeks, one of these two president-elects are going to put in place alternative energy programs. Every country in the world has seen the effect of high oil price. We believe Solar is going to be here to stay because government is going to make it an alternative just like wind and other things renewables as well. So, we think the business model is very intact at Dow Corning on the Solar side and therefore sustainable
David Begleiter: And just could you just comment on China in October, how slow is activity in that country?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. Look it's slow. I mean we're seeing double-digit volume declines. I think the Chinese are quite alarmed. And I'm going to be there next week as Chair of the US-China Business Council meeting with some very high-level people. And I think they are looking at stimuli as we speak. The post-Olympic thing was worse than they expected, but the global credit crisis I think has absolutely alarmed them. And as I said earlier, I don't think they're going to let it go below 8%.
David Begleiter: Thank you.
Howard Ungerleider: Let's make this the last question please.
Operator: Yes, of course. And our last question today will come from Mike Judd with Greenwich Consulting. Please go ahead.
Michael Judd: Yes. Just a pension question. I noticed that on your balance sheet the pension liability was down around $100 million or so. Could you talk a little bit about that move directionally? Also, I guess Rohm and Haas hasn't filed a Q yet, could you talk about where they are in regards to their pension? And lastly, just with the two transactions that are coming up here how pensions could change?
Geoffery E. Merszei: Well, I think you asked three questions. I can't comment on the Rohm and Haas pension situation. They're being managed totally separately. And so, I'm sorry I can't comment on that. With regards to pension for Dow, if you take the statistic based at end of September 30, we, in fact, had a funding ratio overfunding ratio in the low teens, okay. Now, of course, we all know that the equity markets have suffered since the end of September. I don't know where we are right now and I don't have the crystal ball to tell you what going to happen by the end of this year. So I think it's a little too early to start coming to conclusions about pensions. Our pensions around the world are well-funded. They were way overfunded at the end of last year. I shared with you what they were at the end of September. And so, let's see what happens over the next two months. But at this point in time, I frankly think it's too early to make a comment
Michael Judd: And with the close of the Kuwait deal how will that impact the pension situation?
Geoffery E. Merszei: Well, on a proportionate basis, they will be aligned and it should have no material impact on Dow
Michael Judd: Thanks.
Howard Ungerleider: Okay, great. Thanks, Mike. We're going to have to end it there since we're over our allotted time. But we'd like to thank you for joining us on the call today. Our team looks forward to talking with you on Dow's next earnings conference call in early 2009. Thanks very much
Operator: And once again, that will conclude today's Dow Chemical Company conference call. Thank you for your participation and have a great rest of the day. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Results Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Corporate Director, Investor Relations, Kathy Fothergill. Please go ahead.
Kathleen C. Fothergill: Thank you. Good morning everyone and welcome. As usual, we're making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company and any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and CEO; Geoffery Merszei, Dow's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Tate, Manager in Investor Relations. Also with us is Howard Ungerleider, who will be taking over as head of Dow's IR team in August. Around 6:30 this morning, July 24th, our earnings release went out on PR Newswire and was posted on the Internet on Dow's website, dow.com. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments on this conference call. The slides are posted on our website, available on the presentations page of the Investor Relations section or through the link to our webcast. As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our website. Our earnings release, as well as recent 10-Qs, 10-Ks and annual reports are available on the internet at dow.com in the financial reports page of the Investor Relations section. Now, starting with the agenda on Slide 3, Geoffery will lead off with an overview of the second quarter. I'll discuss the results of our operating segments, and then Geoffery will update you on actions we've taken to advance our strategy, and describe Dow's outlook for the months ahead. We would like to keep the focus of today's conference call on our second quarter results and business outlook, rather than on the transformational actions we've recently announced. After our prepared remarks, we'll move on to your questions for Andrew and Geoffery. Turning to Slide 4, you'll see a summary of our results for the quarter. Now let me hand over to Geoffery, who will begin his comments on Slide 5.
Geoffery E. Merszei: Thank you Kathy, and good morning everyone. I would like to start today's call with a few summary comments about the second quarter that really capture the key issues. Those of you who follow our company closely know that we faced with some very strong headwinds over the past few months. In fact an extremely large surge in feedstock and energy costs, coupled with further weakening in the U.S economy were, the headlines for the quarter. As you'll hear from our comments today, we took a number of immediate short-term actions which helped to mitigate these challenges. And for the long-term, we made great progress in advancing our strategy to transform Dow into an earnings growth company. So, let's get into the details. Sales for the second quarter were $16.4 billion which set another company record up 23% from the same quarter last year. A major component of this revenue increase was in price which was up 18% versus the same quarter last year. And we recorded double-digit price increases in all operating segments and in all geographic areas. Volume grew at a very healthy 5%, in fact matching the highest quarterly increase we've had since 2004, even though volumes here in North America were down 6%. About half of this North American decline was the result of portfolio optimization and divestitures with the largest impact coming from the formation of Americas Styrenics. Geographies outside of North America posted very strong growth. Let give me some examples here. Europe was up 11%, Asia-Pacific was up 12%, and Latin America was up 5%, including the impact of some of the recent divestitures. And, we posted volume growth of 12% in emerging economies, which today represent 27% of Dow sales. And let me give you a few examples of the growth in these regions. Volume in Eastern Europe was up 19%, India was up 64%, and the Middle East was up an impressive 89%. Now although this growth in the Middle East comes on a relatively small base, it is further evidence of Dow's ability to expand in rapidly growing regions, and to move product where it is needed. Dow's broad global footprint which has been a focus of our recent investments, enabled us to capture this growth. And at the business level, there are also a few important highlights; First, EBIT in our combined performance segments rose compared with the same period last year. This, despite substantial increases in raw material and supply chain costs. And Dow AgroSciences which is a significant component of our performance portfolio, was once again the star business for the quarter. This business increased its EBIT by more than 60% on a sales gain of 25%, setting all-time records for both sales and EBIT. Now we're very proud of these stellar results for Dow AgroSciences, now I would like to point out that they are not just a function of the robust Ag sector. Dow AgroSciences has been implementing a very disciplined strategy over the past several years, and it is clearly paying off. Today we run an optimized and extremely profitable Ag chem business. And, we are investing in seeds and traits with recent acquisitions, Agromen and Triumph Seeds, in order to deliver cutting edge technologies that will fuel growth well into the future. The volume story in our performance portfolio is also a good one. In Performance Plastics, volume increased 7%, Performance Chemicals it was up 6%, and finally, in Dow AgroSciences, volume was up an impressive 13&. This was the 5th consecutive quarter in which all three Performance segments posted solid volume growth. These results reflect the disciplined approach we have taken to investing in our Performance businesses. Through bolt-on acquisitions, increased R&D spending, and more marketing and sales resources our Performance portfolio is delivering the growth we need to transform the company. Now, let's turn to our joint ventures on slide 6; another key element of our strategy. Our joint ventures posted equity earnings of $251 million for the quarter. This showcase is once again the consistency and reliability of earnings from these ventures, and the strength of our joint venture strategy. In fact this is the sixth consecutive quarter with equity earnings at an annual run rate of the $1 billion or more. Among the best performers during the second quarter was Dow Corning, which improved significantly from the first quarter, when a short-term spike in raw material costs dampened results. OPTIMAL in Malaysia, and EQUATE of Kuwait, are examples of joint ventures with access to cost-advantaged feedstock's. Their advantaged position led to margin expansion as prices for their products increased. Now moving on to slide 7; our feedstock and energy costs increased $2.4 billion compared with the same quarter last year, and increased a $1 billion sequentially. These were the highest increases in Dow's history. This was an enormous challenge to overcome, because of both magnitude and perhaps more critically, the speed of the increase. As costs rapidly escalated, we moved quickly and decisively to raise prices across the board. We announced two broad-based price increase initiatives of up to 20% and 25%, an unprecedented move in our industry, to help mitigate the effect of these surging costs. Now while we are successfully raising prices, we haven't yet fully restored our margins as our prices continue to lag our cost increases. But, we do have strong price momentum going into the third quarter. In addition to responding to these external factors, we focused on a number of things that are in our control. We implemented further cost controls inside the company, adjusting plant operating rates and announced the temporary idling of capacity. For example, we reduced our ethylene oxide production by 25% worldwide and idled 30% of our North American acrylic acid production. Addressing the slowdown in the automotive industry, we announced cost reduction measures at Dow Automotive focusing on facilities, people and spending. And, Dow Building Solutions temporarily idled 20% of its European capacity for producing STYROFOAM insulation in order to address weakness in the European building and construction industry. So, despite these actions, the massive cost surge led to immediate margin compression across our portfolio. It also extended the price lag effect in our Performance segments, where pricing was still catching up with the raw material increases of the first quarter. Of these sharp increases in feedstock and energy costs, increases in other raw materials and supply chain costs, coupled with overall weaker demand right here in the United States led to a decline in earnings per share to $0.81 versus earnings per share of $1.07 in the same period last year. Now, let's take a look at our reporting segments, and the key drivers of performance. And for this, I'll return the call back to Kathy.
Kathleen C. Fothergill: Thanks, Geoffery. Starting with Slide 8, in Performance Plastics, you'll see a lot of up arrows as most businesses posted higher price and higher volume. Dow Automotive, the only business to show a volume decline, posted a solid 4% volume growth outside North America, but, suffered a double-digit decline in North America, in line with the industry. Dow Building Solutions volume improved, as the impact of weakness in the U.S. residential construction industry was more than offset by growth in housing in many countries outside of the U.S. and in non-residential construction globally. Insulation materials from both Dow Building Solutions and Polyurethanes benefited from increased demand for insulation for energy conservation. While we saw better volume in Dow Epoxy, particularly in the Systems business and Epoxy resins, there was a significant margin squeeze in intermediates, because of industry over supply, which limited our ability to raise prices enough to offset higher costs. For the segment overall, results were down because of higher raw material and supply chain costs, despite the higher volume and aggressive action on price. Moving to Slide 9; for the eighth consecutive quarter Performance Chemicals posted year-over-year gains in both price and volume. Designed Polymers had another strong quarter with year-over-year gains in price and volume in every geographic area, and higher EBIT. These results reflected growth of Dow Wolff Cellulosics in food and pharmaceutical applications as well as higher results for Dow Water Solutions and a number of smaller businesses in the portfolio. Dow Latex posted lower volume due to softer demand for acrylic latex in coatings applications and for S/B latex used in paper coating, the latter as a result of declines in the print advertising industry. With weaker industry demand, it was difficult for the businesses to recover the higher cost of raw materials including propylene and butadiene. Specialty Chemicals volume declined, because of supply limitations resulting from an extended outage at the St. Charles, Louisiana plant and intermittent supply problems at OPTIMAL. Volume for the business also declined because of the first quarter divestiture of two small U.S. based business units: Dow Haltermann Custom Processing and Haltermann Products. For Performance Chemicals' bottom line, substantial volume growth around the world coupled with very deliberate price actions, almost fully offset the impact of higher raw materials costs and our increased spending to support future growth. Slide 10, highlights our strongest performer, Dow AgroSciences. Following a stellar first quarter, Dow Ag delivered even better results in the second quarter based on their strong product portfolio and robust industry conditions, posting price and volume gains in every geography. Sales of new Ag chem products increased 65% compared with the year ago, with strong growth of these products in North America, Europe, Latin America and Asia-Pacific, while sales of seeds and traits increased almost 40%. Dow Ag reported record EBIT for the quarter, despite a significant additional investment in R&D and Sales & Marketing, investments designed to ensure continued strong results in the future. Shifting to the Basics side on Slide 11, you can clearly see the impact of the surge in raw material costs on our Basic Plastics businesses. Despite price increases averaging more than 20%, margins declined significantly compared with the year ago, as the size and speed of raw material cost increases were too much to fully recover through price increases within the quarter. The decrease in volume for the segment is not fully reflective of industry conditions, because of several portfolio management actions Dow has taken over the past year. Most significant was the formation of Americas Styrenics in May of this year. Sales of polystyrene in the Americas are now handled through this joint venture and are not consolidated in Dow's financial statements. We also shut down a large polypropylene facility in St. Charles in Louisiana in December of last year, and sold the polyethylene plant in Brazil in June 2007. Despite that divestiture, polyethylene volume was up 6% in the quarter with gains in all geographic areas. We held firm on our price increases and may have lost volume in some cases, although in some instances, customers came back to Dow when they found they were unable to get the volume they needed elsewhere. Polyethylene inventories are at low levels throughout the distribution chain including at Dow. Basic Chemicals results Slide 12, were disappointing. By far the largest component in the decline in segment EBIT was EO/EG. Ethylene Glycol price has trended down in recent months as a result of weakening industry fundamentals and although prices were higher in the second quarter than they were a year ago, the increase was far short of what was needed to cover the huge rise in feedstock costs. In addition, industry demand slowed for EG in both polyester and PET, and we intentionally reduced operating rates to meet the lower demand levels. An extended turnaround at the Plaquemine EO/EG plant negatively impacted results in the quarter. Solvents & intermediates also saw a margin squeeze as price increases did not keep up with higher propylene costs. In Chlor-Vinyls, caustic soda prices and margins had improved dramatically compared with the second quarter of 2Q07, but the decline in EDC and VCM margins has almost completely offset this gain. Within our Basic Chemicals segment most of our chlorine is exposed to weak PVC industry fundamentals. Higher value uses of Dow's chlorine in polyurethanes, epoxies and agricultural chemicals, for example are reported in other operating segments. One final data point, our operating rate for the quarter was 83%, down from 86% last quarter because of a higher level of planned turnarounds, some unplanned outages, and our decision to throttle back some plants in order to reduce inventories. That wraps up the financial review of the quarter. And now I would like to turn the microphone back over to Geoffery for his update on strategy and outlook, beginning on Slide 13.
Geoffery E. Merszei: Thanks, Kathy. There were a number of notable achievements in the second quarter that closely align with key elements of our strategy. These elements are growth, innovation, joint ventures and financial discipline. So, starting with Growth, the most important development was clearly our announced acquisition of Rohm and Haas. This acquisition will make Dow the world's leading specialty chemicals and advanced materials company. It will combine the best-in-class technologies, broad geographic reach and strong industry channels of both companies to create an outstanding business portfolio with significant growth opportunities. We also have some excellent growth activities taking place in our Performance businesses. Dow Water Solutions announced that its FILMTEC membranes have been selected for one of the world's largest desalination plants under construction in Sydney, Australia. With the addition of this project, Dow Water technology is now in four of the five largest desalination plants in the world. And also in the growth area, Dow Building Solutions announced the acquisition of Stevens Roofing. Stevens specialized specializes in TPO commercial roofing systems, an area with significant growth potential. This aligns very well with our energy efficient building expertise. Turning now to Innovation; Dow AgroSciences made two very important announcements in the quarter. First, the business announced it has submitted SmartStax, its new 8 way gene combination for corn, in the U.S. EPA for regulatory review. This marks the critical first step in clearing SmartStax for commercialization. Dow AgroSciences also announced it has exercised its option to obtain a commercial license for zinc finger technology from Sangamo BioSciences. With this technology, we will be able to tailor traits in agricultural crops, industrial products and plant derived biopharmaceuticals. And, Dow Elastomers announced the availability of nine new resins in the INFUSE polymers line. These new products offer a unique set of physical properties, and we're seeing strong market pull in applications where soft-touch characteristics are desired. INFUSE is the latest in a long line of very successful products in our $1 billion Elastomers Business. We expect these products to add another $100 million of annual revenue in the coming years. Now moving on to our Joint Ventures on slide 15, there is much news to report. Most notable was the announcement of the CEO and headquarters location for K-Dow Petrochemicals, our new joint venture with PIC of Kuwait. This new $11 billion polyolefins powerhouse will be headquartered in southeast Michigan, and will be led by Jim Fitterling, who has been successfully running our Basic Plastics business for the past several years. And in May, Dow and Chevron Phillips announced the start-up of Americas Styrenics, a new market leader in polystyrene. This new company has the largest polystyrene manufacturing capacity in the Western Hemisphere. In Basic Chemicals, Dow and GACL of India announced the signing of a joint venture agreement for the construction of a 200,000 ton chloro-methane manufacturing facility on the western coast of India. And, we also broke ground on a new propylene oxide plant in Thailand, with our partner Siam Cement. This plant will utilize new and innovative technology which is more economical, more environmentally friendly and will provide future growth opportunities in Asia-pacific. And finally under the topic of joint ventures, new capacity at Dow Corning's Hemlock Semiconductor unit came on-line during the quarter. This new capacity nearly doubles their production base for high value polycrystalline silicon used in the electronics and solar industries. Now, let's turn to financial discipline, one of my favorite subjects. Capital spending was $597 million in the quarter, and we remained on track to deliver CapEx at a full year target of $2.2 billion. Regarding share buybacks, we invested another $393 million to purchase 9.6 million shares of Dow stock in the second quarter. Since the beginning of 2006, we have spent $3 billion to repurchase approximately 7% of our shares. And moving on to working capital, despite the surge in raw material costs, we held our investment in working capital roughly flat with the level of first quarter. Given the $1 billion sequential increase in purchased feedstock and energy costs, this was a remarkable achievement. Three months ago we made a commitment to optimize our inventory levels, and we have made great progress. With active management, we reduced our day's sales in inventory significantly in the quarter to 60 days versus 67 days in the first quarter. And we continued to manage accounts receivable tightly, with the DSO, day's sales outstanding at 39 days, compared with 38 days in the first quarter of this year and 40 days in the same period last year. And finally in the area of financial discipline, our year-to-date return on capital and return on equity were 13% and 17% respectively. Both are solid numbers. Now, before I turn to our outlook, I would like to mention that Dow won Best Workplace Awards in Germany, Mexico, Colombia and Argentina. These awards highlight our ability to create challenging and rewarding careers for our employees around the world, which allows us to attract and retain the best talent. As we wrap up today's remarks, let's spend a few minutes on our outlook. The surge in oil prices, which have further weakened the U.S. economy, has also created new uncertainties in demand around the world. We believe the U.S. economy will likely continue to weaken for the rest of 2008, and that the outlook for the global economy remains uncertain. In addition, we expect continued volatility in feedstock and energy costs. If these costs were to stay at today's levels, then the sequential increase in the third quarter could be in the range we experienced in the second quarter. Now despite this, we believe that Dow's strategy for diversification, geographically and in end-use applications will allow us to manage through these challenging times. Now over the next six months, we will remain focused on three key objectives; first, running the company. We will closely manage our day-to-day operations, with a primary focus on recovering lost margins. And we will be utilizing Dow's vast footprint to capture growth wherever it is in the world. And second, we will start operations of K-Dow Petrochemicals in the fourth quarter. And finally, we will move forward on our announced acquisition of Rohm and Haas. Work is already underway to prepare the necessary filings for regulatory approval. Rohm and Haas is transformative for Dow in many ways. In particular, their leading position in electronic materials and coatings, and the innovative spirit and corporate culture of the company, which we hope to grow and foster. So, as you can see we have demonstrated with our actions just how committed we are to furthering our transformation and to changing the earnings profile of our company. Thank you very much for your time today and at this time I would like to open the call for Q&A. But, before I do so I would like to mention that this is Kathy Fothergill's last earnings call, as she will be retiring in August. I have had the pleasure working with Kathy for many years. Now throughout this time, I have always admired her high standard or professionalism, her deep knowledge of our company and our industry. And last, but not least, her ability to lead our Investor Relations efforts with distinction. In fact, to be precise, Kathy has been part of 49 quarterly earnings announcements. And I am sure many of you on the call today will agree with me when I say that her presence will surely be missed. So Kathy, thank you, and best of luck in your future endeavors. Over to you.
Kathleen C. Fothergill: Thank you, Geoffery. Thank you very much for those remarks. And I am sure that Howard and the rest of the IR team are going to do a fantastic job going forward. But now that does wrap up our prepared remarks and some not so prepared remarks. But for your reference a copy of the remarks will be posted on Dow's website later today. Now we will move on your questions. And before we do though, I would like remind you that my comments on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both our prepared remarks and do anything that may come up during the Q&A. Clara, would you please explain the Q&A procedure? QUESTION AND ANSWER
Operator: Absolutely, thank you very much. [Operator Instructions]. And we'll go first to Don Carson with Merrill Lynch. Go ahead.
Donald Carson: Yes, thank you. Quick question on Ag. Andrew, I know in the past you described how Ag is, I think you have used an Australian term, punching above its weight. A very strong first-half. How much was this performance depressed by the increase in R&D spending? Can you quantify that? And can you talk a bit about the second half outlook, given this businesses strong position in South America? And then finally, you describe yourself as a bridesmaid on the whole Invinsa joint venture process, but what do you see as the potential for the whole AgroFresh Invinsa business as it is reunited with Dow AgroSciences?
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you Don. And I didn't realize that was an Australian term, so thanks for that clarity too. But, yeah look, we've said that Ag is on a tear, and we put in R&D preferentially this year. We increased SOD, which is inclusive of R&D of course, but we increased the R&D investment. And our SOD is probably around $20 million, $25 million extra resources this year. And that is all over that's for the whole year, right? But the increase is front-loaded to the first-half. So, they have done a lot of good work to deserve that increase. So, it's probably depressed, to use that term, an extraordinary result just a little. But frankly, it is the pipeline they have been developing and that leads to the point you made about their presence down in South America and what we can expect in the second half the year. Obviously the Northern Hemisphere dominates in terms of revenues and profits, but we have an increasing presence in Brazil and an increasing presence in Latin America in general. And, I think you should continue to see Ag outperform as the quarters roll by year-on-year, which is definitely our strategy in the way we've positioned Dow AgroSciences. And clearly it's been they have been given the charter to do both on M&A. And they're finding properties. Geoffery mentioned a couple in his talk. And we will have more to say about that as the next months unfold. Yeah, bridesmaid, I am not sure, I used that term, but that's good. I can use that one on Invinsa. And then I think that's a tremendous opportunity. And the more we get to know about it as we go through these next few months, it is a bonus growth synergy that I think, as we went through to due diligence on the Rohm and Haas transaction, we noted what might be some of the clauses in those contracts that could inhibit us extracting growth synergies, and we saw nothing that could inhibit us. And, we look forward to, when the deal closes making that very synergistic with our programs at Dow AgroSciences. I see upside on that Don.
Donald Carson: Just overall, I mean, Dow is more of a performance and commodity Company, although less so on the latter. But, do you think that Ag can get the proper evaluation as part of this broader Dow, Rohm and Haas entity?
Andrew N. Liveris: I really do. I really think what we've got here is rising tide lifting all boats. And I think that's an American expression. But anyway, I will tell you that Dow AgroSciences deserve more rapport in the context of let's say not so much the pure multiple of Monsanto, but clearly DuPont/Pioneer. That will happen because we have now when we closed Rohm and Haas, another Performance businesses, which has upsized in the portfolio. And, of course size matters, and high performing Performance businesses, such as Dow AgroSciences and the new Dow, Rohm and Haas combination will lift the multiple. And, we don't talk much about that, but questions like yours are clearly that's our whole strategy, by being a consistent high quality earnings growth company, we will lift the multiple of this company.
Donald Carson: Okay. Thank you.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you Don.
Operator: Thank you very much. And we will go next to David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Good morning. Andrew, just on strategy as you move to a performance-based business, can you comment what's your view of the EO/EG business longer-term, as well as chlor-alkali obviously use chlorine in some value-added applications, but what's the longer-term potential of these two commodity businesses?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yeah, well, I think I think we've clearly spoken on, with MEGlobal's formation on how we view EO and EG. But we've also spoken with K-Dow, and as we bring that to a close pretty quickly, K-Dow will own all of our EO derivatives of note that are in the commodity space or semi-commodity space. And with time K-Dow/MEGlobal, MEGlobal we've announced will be part of K-Dow. K-Dow will seek to move its footprint to the advantaged feedstock location. So, you will start to see a diminishing impact on The Dow Chemical Company's footprint in terms of Basic Chemicals in terms of high-cost disadvantaged EO locations. That's clearly our strategy. Now it's a migration strategy and it will be really driven by K-Dow. But it is in their interest, and of course in our interest, to see that happen fast. They have -- by the way, I was just with the Kuwaitis in London yesterday, and we're quite excited by the suite of projects that the Kuwaitis are coming up with that will advantage MEGlobal/K-Dow. We talked about that in a separate question, I guess. Now on chlor-alkali and chlor-alkali integration, our strategy has been very clear. We do not want to be in merchanting CVCM. We are targeted into value-added chlorine applications. AgroSciences, cellulosics, PO, epichlorohydrin, these are all value-add that appear in different parts of our EBIT columns because of that integration. They don't appear in Basic Chemicals. But having said that, we have the Shintec contract, which we have renegotiated, which will get us back to what we need to do on that part of the chlorine chain by 2011. So that's a good move. And then finally, the most important, which is our footprint shift to advantaged low-cost energy locations, of which the two most significant chlor-alkali projects we have on the books, the Ras Tanura project with Saudi Aramco, and the Shenhua project in China. Those two low-cost footprints will take chlorine to, let's call it an asset-light model for The Dow Chemical Company -- chlorine outside of value-added chlorine.
David Begleiter: That is very helpful. Just lastly, how would you describe the success of your last two price increases on a qualitative basis?
Andrew N. Liveris: Qualitatively I think quite good. We said up to 20% and up to 25%. These were surge-oriented prices across the board. We said the change will determine where we can go. We've got more than half stickiness on the first up to 20%, just through the month of June and July. So we've got a great run-rate going there. And we are seeing some early data on the up to 25% that suggests we can do more than half as well. So, look, if we end up with -- for the whole company sequentially up half of 45%, that's half of 45% that would not have happened instantaneously to cope with the surge. Now can we do more? Well, it depends. Right? It depends on all things that Geoffery reported on, which is what demand destruction are going on out there. We are seeing demand destruction in the US. But we're not seeing it internationally. In fact, we have had incredibly strong volumes internationally, which gives us a good feel that we can continue to recover the triple digit oil price increase that we have seen sequentially in the last two quarters.
David Begleiter: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. And we will go next to Peter Butler, with Glen Hill Investment.
Peter Butler: Okay, good morning. Kathy, during the last 12 years next to the throne, next to several assorted CEOs, none as charming as Andrew, however, did you ever see anything that you would have done different on any of the major things that broke during this 12 year period?
Kathleen C. Fothergill: Peter, I don't think right now is the time to go down memory lane. I would rather talk about where we are going forward.
Peter Butler: Well, that's a good way of putting off the question. Another question I have is does that count as a question without an answer, since I'm not getting an answer?
Kathleen C. Fothergill: Just keep going. Ask Andrew and Geoffery your question.
Peter Butler: If this were 1974 instead of 24 years later, Dow would be looking at huge positive earnings surprises coming in the next couple of quarters. Is this management seeing the same things? In other words, is this management as tough as Dow's management back then in getting and holding price increases, even if oil does decline?
Andrew N. Liveris: Peter, this is Andrew, yes. And you know me well enough to know that I have talked to the tough management of that timeframe. And what it takes to not only restore margins, but obviously get reinvestment grade pricing into the value creation that we all have to have to make the chemical industry robust, not just in United States, but globally. We have a lot of customers who are putting price increases through right now in their value chains. That would not have happened without Dow's leadership. And I think it is a good question to ask. And maybe I should just leave it with the one word, yes.
Peter Butler: That yes did include the acknowledgment that the earnings should be looking pretty splendid?
Andrew N. Liveris: I think the very first question -- I can't remember if it was Don or Dave now -- but I would tell you this, we are going to move the earnings profile northwards, not just with how we have performed on financial discipline despite these horrendous increases, these huge unprecedented surges, but also because of our footprint shifts, the two big ones. The asset-light, which I know you are a fan of and we are a fan of and our partners in the low-cost feed stocks and the cash machine that we are generating out of our joint ventures, these are cash machine that no other chemical company on the planet will be part of. Then second, the Rohm and Haas transaction and the value creation that will occur because we will be in solid downstream growth markets around the planet. Those two things will give this company a northeast earnings profile, heading to the right growth side of the equation.
Peter Butler: Okay, thanks for the help. And I note that you probably aren't getting nearly as much credit as you should for the management execution of what you have been talking about.
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, we are patient here. Just like your question to Kathy, she won't go down memory lane. Ten years from now, its not that same question, Peter.
Peter Butler: Okay, thanks for help.
Operator: Thank you very much and we will go next to Frank Mitsch, with BB&T Capital Markets.
Frank Mitsch: Good morning, Kathy, let's talk about the future. I am not quite sure what your future plans are, but do you think are you might be able to accompany me to the Mets/Red Sox World Series this year?
Kathleen C. Fothergill: I would be more than happy to do that Frank.
Frank Mitsch: All right. Terrific, so I won't say goodbye on this call obviously. The results in the Chemicals business obviously where rather disappointing. And you noted that some of it was due to extended plant turnarounds, and you mention that the operating rate had kicked down. Is there any way that you can quantify what, if you want to use the phrase, unusual operating conditions impacted the quarter, whether for the Chemical sector alone or for the overall Dow Chemical Company?
Kathleen C. Fothergill: Probably on the operating rate Frank, it's 1 or 2 percentage points. But we did have significantly higher turnaround costs in the quarter than we normally do. I guess I don't want to quantify it specifically, but you're going to be $50 million, something like that, in that range ballpark of higher costs than we might normally have. Second quarter is always pretty high, so there is something like that.
Frank Mitsch: All right, so we could maybe look at $50 million improvement sequentially if things are operated on a smoother basis. Andrew, you spent a fair amount of time talking about the price initiatives and so forth. And obviously you had margin compression here in the second quarter with the unprecedented increases in hydrocarbon costs. And Geoffery mentioned that you could possibly be looking at the same order of magnitude increase Q3 that you sought in Q2. Should we be expecting that you're going to bridge that gap between pricing and raw materials in the third quarter, or might we just be pushing out the date that you actually get margins back to where they were?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yeah Frank, look, we have a much better shot at getting it in the third than we did in the second because it came very late in the second. So our momentum going into the third is strong and frankly with volumes around the world being as robust as they are, it gives us great -- more certainty that we aren't getting demand destruction with the price increases. There may be pre-buying going on in some markets. But as we analyze markets around the world fundamentally, apart from building construction in Europe, mostly Southern Europe, we're still seeing, especially emerging country growth, being double-digit on the volume. And therefore revenue side, it is not higher on the revenue side. So, all of that to let you know that we think the momentum in terms of margin expansion gets restored in oil, and its associated input stays in these ranges. As you have noted and others have noted, what is really important to us is stability. If we can hover around these ranges now, $120, $130 oil and therefore its associated naphtha equivalents, then frankly that gives all of us a platform to operate from in terms of restoring the margin and then expanding the margins if we can. Right now, apart from the US, I think we are all seeing great strength around the world that is enabling us to keep price momentum and therefore -- we went very close Frank, if you look at how close we came to keeping our margins level despite this unprecedented surge, we did pretty good. And so with the full quarter to work with we have better certainty to get to even or better.
Frank Mitsch: All right, terrific. Thank you.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thanks Frank.
Operator: Thank you very much. And we will go next to Jeff Zekauskas, with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Good morning. On average shouldn't your raw material costs be down sequentially in the third quarter? Natural gas has gone from -- I don't know -- $12 to $9 and oil has come from $135 to $125?
Geoffery E. Merszei: Yeah Jeff, this is Geoffrey here. Just to take oil, Brent crude average price as of this morning, let's say, $124, $125. At today's level it is still higher than our average cost during the first quarter. The average cost in the first quarter was around $122. I'm using crude as a reference point. And we are already towards the end of the first month of one-third of the quarter. So if you use an average rate for the third quarter of let's say around $125, $126 then you are talking about over $0.5 billion additional cost for the company to absorb.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: I guess as my follow-up. I think your average prices in the first quarter were up 17% and your prices were up 18% in the second quarter. Can you give us an idea of what your sequential price increase is and some idea of the carry through you're getting?
Geoffery E. Merszei: Sequentially the price increase was 5% Jeff.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: 5%? Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And we will go next to Mark Connelly, with Credit Suisse.
Mark Connelly: Thank you, just two quick things. First, can you help us understand why the Latin American volumes -- volume growth were the weakest among the nine US regions? It looks like pricing there was fine. Was there one big contributor to that weaker growth, or is it widespread? And the second question was just whether CP Chem added to or hurt equity earnings this quarter?
Geoffery E. Merszei: Mark, when it comes to Latin America, if you exclude the Americas Styrenics new venture, then in fact our volume in Latin America actually increased by 9%. And then your second question on the equity earnings, it had hardly any impact on the equity earnings.
Mark Connelly: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you very much. And we will go next to Sergey Vasnetsov, with Lehman Brothers.
Sergey Vasnetsov: Good morning. Couple of questions on volumes and prices, European volumes were up 11%, which is extremely strong even compared to last year being down 2% and so I think last year you had some turnaround. Can you talk about what is going on there?
Andrew N. Liveris: In Europe, clearly Eastern Europe is a big factor here in the markets. If you look across Eastern European markets, we're still seeing double-digit volume growths. And I think that's a big part of it. We also had some hydrocarbon sales, which as you know, we have a big European hydrocarbon operation there that does in fact transact merchant lease, so that was a part of it as well. And frankly, outside of Southern Europe weakness, most of Europe was actually quite strong. We looked at some of the breakdowns on markets and for example in Germany it was including industrial equipment demand. In other words, the German equipment manufacturers are still doing very well. And we have associated sales, like for example, paper latex and paper equipment. It's that sort of stuff, a strong Germany, a weak Southern Europe, a strong Northern Europe in general and a very strong Eastern Europe.
Geoffery E. Merszei: In fact, for Eastern Europe, which represents about 15% of Europe in total, the volume in fact was up a very strong 19%.
Sergey Vasnetsov: Incredible. On the Ethylene glycol, just some quick comments there. I think as you've stated, this business is taking a break. They make so much money for Dow for the past six quarters, hopefully you wouldn't forget that. And the second question is on price momentum. Geoffrey, you mentioned that sequential was 5% in the second quarter, but your price initiatives came pretty late. What kind of price momentum sequentially you expect in the third quarter?
Geoffery E. Merszei: I can't answer that and it's a mixed bag depending on market conditions in the various segments, in the geographies, some of the contractual terms that we have to live with. So, it's frankly too early to tell.
Andrew N. Liveris: Certainly on your EO/EG point, remember how I answered that previous question, we love EO/EG when it is in the MEGlobal form, or the Tegal form. We just don't like the EO/EG that is in the high-cost form.
Sergey Vasnetsov: Exactly, okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. And we'll go next to Bob Koort, with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Koort: Thanks very much for taking my question. Andrew, I was wondering if you could maybe look a little bit longer term for me. This year obviously the export markets have been very kind to the olefin, polyolefin industry, but given the expansions in the Middle East, some by your joint ventures, I would guess the competitive nature of the US market and its ability to export will get compromised looking forward. One, do you agree with that? And then, two, what do you think happens to the landscape in North America? Do we just have secular decline in growth rates? Will we actually have to have some shutdowns by the industry? And where would Dow fit within that framework?
Andrew N. Liveris: I think the most important qualifier I will put on the answer immediately Bob, is it will be K-Dow that will add to the ethylene polyolefin's question from here on in, once we close the deal this next few months. But having said that of course we know a lot about it and we can help address your question. Firstly, you've got to have a quick look at the US macro here. With headline inflation going where it is, and the Fed not really lowering rates any more, in fact the chances are rates will keep going up. Obviously they are triturating that very closely. The US dollar weakness will turn maybe to a strengthening. If that happens, I think it speaks to your point about export volumes being lost. We agree with that view. Okay, so with that premise staying a key premise, and with your other point, which is the Middle East producers taking all the low-cost export markets, which they have been doing now for some time, to Asia and to Europe and could come here eventually through either finished product or even resin itself, So, we think the answer to that is also yes with surplus capacity being build at the Middle East by the '10, '11 and '12 timeframe. So I think it speaks to your point, which is some rationalization needs required. K-Dow will be a part of that probably. We have some recapitalizations of St. Charles that we're looking at. I have mentioned that on calls before. And we haven't put that into debate yet. But it is not just us, there are other guys out there that would have to look at their equations and where we are by far the largest consumer of ethylene in the US and K-Dow will be huge when it is formed. So I think we will be part of answering that question, but I do think the industry has some more to do.
Robert Koort: And then extending that more to what you'll be involved in over the next decade as you transition out of the plastics business, you are in a venture with Aramco, it seems like the Middle East has ambitions of being more downstream. What would you expect to happen to the competitive asset base of your Specialties business and the scope for investment here versus abroad?
Andrew N. Liveris: I think the real kernel of your question is less the term Specialty and more what I would call building blocks. So there are key building blocks that are based off the integration that is provided out of refinery businesses such as Aramco's that we're going to help create by building PO and acrylic acid and epichlorohydrin and a few other key building blocks. That will in turn help what I call what are now Performance businesses that are semi-commoditized also now into the low-cost equation. Which I think therefore speaks to your question, which is the next traunche of supply destruction in key high-cost markets like the US and Europe will be in those building blocks. I think that is an inevitability, I think the commoditization of so-called Specialties will be accelerated by those building blocks being built in low-cost locations. Of course, Dow will be a key part of that by being part of not only the Aramco project, but also the China project with Shenhua.
Robert Koort: Terrific, thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. And we'll next to Kevin McCarthy, with Banc of America Securities.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, good morning. Caustic soda following the K-Dow deal will be arguably your most important totally owned commodity. And it looks like that market has improved dramatically just over the last 30 days. If I look at the back-half of the year, do you have any contractual caps or provisions that would limit your participation in the strength there, or should we expect that to drive better performance in the Chemicals segment in the second half?
Andrew N. Liveris: Without getting overly specific, Kevin, we do have some caps and some contractual limitations, but we still see it as increasing -- getting better from here.
Kevin McCarthy: Okay and then financial question for Geoffery, if I may. You have been very active in repurchasing shares, including during the second quarter. Given the pending Rohm and Haas deal, should we anticipate an even keel there in the back half of the year, or would you expect activity to diminish?
Geoffery E. Merszei: I think that -- look, for the time being, until we close the K-Dow transaction, I think we're going to take a little breather from a large buyback. Having said that, we do remain committed to reducing our share count over time. So, there will be a time when we will be back very actively, but we're going to take a breather for the time being.
Kevin McCarthy: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And we will go next to P.J. Juvekar, with Citigroup
P.J. Juvekar: Yes, hi good morning.
Geoffery E. Merszei: Hi, P.J.
P.J. Juvekar: Ethylene profitability dropped, and that probably caused some of the decline in Performance Plastics, given that you transfer at leaner cost. So it is hard to see how much of the decline is from ethylene and how much is it from Performance Plastics. Can you just shed some light on that?
Andrew N. Liveris: P.J, let us get back to you on that. We're not so sure we can -- because of the way we do transfer, which is across not just, of course, our Performance plastics, but it is transferred everywhere and so at cost. As you know, when you buy products credits to enable that transfer to occur. So, can we come back to you on that?
P.J. Juvekar: Sure. And the second question is Dow has always been good at hedging. You guys have made a lot of money in the past in hedging raw materials. I would imagine that hedging is getting a lot more difficult given these volatile raw material prices. So, can you talk about what your hedging strategy is now?
Geoffery E. Merszei: Well, P.J, we are in the hedging business. The volatility, as you correctly pointed out, is very, very high. But on the other hand, we are opportunistically in there hedging -- there are different ways to hedge. You can do it physically and you do it via paper and we have a time horizon of 12 months in general. And I can't tell you more than that other than the fact that we are opportunistic hedgers.
P.J. Juvekar: So, what percentage of your raw materials would you be hedged let's say going into the fall?
Geoffery E. Merszei: I can't give you that, because like I said, it is opportunistic. When it comes to -- there is more of a pattern with natural gas. With natural gas we look at the hurricane season. We're in it right now. So during the period that we're in now our hedge ratio would be a little bit higher and then as the hurricane season drops, let's say by October, September, October, then the hedge ratio is lower. And then again for the winter season, December to February, March, it gets higher again. So there is a little bit more of a pattern on natural gas, but that is about it.
P.J. Juvekar: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. And we will go next o Gregg Goodnight, with UBS.
Gregg Goodnight: Good morning all. You mentioned your improvement in AG had a big contribution from your new products. I was wondering if you could quantify for us the level of contribution on a year-over-year basis say for revenue and earnings, if not on an actual number basis on a percentage of the improvement basis.
Andrew N. Liveris: That's a pretty hard number for us to nail, but it is not a very big number. Remembering some of the roll forwards here, Ag is one of the highest percent of revenues generated from products introduced in the last five years -- businesses we have in Dow. And Dow's average is around 34% great, so you assume that on a rolling five year basis that number is north of 34%. But to give you an Ag specific on a quarterly basis, we don't measure it like that. But we can also get back to you. But this gives me an opportunity to let you know that we clearly are -- next year, the SmartStax launch and how we roll that out will be a big part. We have a substantial amount of freighted sales now. That number is what approaching 90%, Kathy?
Kathleen C. Fothergill: Yes, about 90% of our sales.
Andrew N. Liveris: 90% of our sales in the US and so I would tell you that those sorts of things with SmartStax next year and AAD soon thereafter is going to be a big part of being able to report the percent of revenue and profit generated from new stuff in 12 months with those two launches will be very large.
Gregg Goodnight: In terms of specific names, which Ag products contributed the most to your incremental improvement this year, focusing in on this year?
Kathleen C. Fothergill: There were several products that were listed in our press release. But we're talking about cereal herbicides. We're talking about [Spinatarim], which is an insecticide. Aminopyralid, which is a herbicide for range and pasture. Those are the products that are making a significant contribution.
Gregg Goodnight: Okay and the 34% number, would that be typical of this year, a 34% contribution year-over-year improved performance from your new your products, or is that more of a longer term average?
Kathleen C. Fothergill: Now the 34% is -- that's total Dow percent of sales from new products.
Andrew N. Liveris: In five years.
Kathleen C. Fothergill: Yes, anything that has been introduced in the last five years. And that has been running around 32, 33, 35% for the last couple of years.
Andrew N. Liveris: And we don't look at it as a one year roll. But let's get back to you on whether we can give you that -- or give all of you that sort of data.
Gregg Goodnight: Okay, thanks for your help there.
Kathleen C. Fothergill: And just watching the time here we will go now to our last question.
Operator: Excellent and thank you very much. And we'll go to John Roberts, with Buckingham Research.
John Roberts: Just a quick accounting question, I guess. But are you -- you're still using standard costing on your transfer pricing or -- and do we have a fourth quarter adjustment that needs to occur between the segments to true things up for what has happened so far this year?
Geoffery E. Merszei: On your first question is yes and on the second question in terms of adjustment, I'm not sure on your question. Can you clarify that a little further?
John Roberts: The hydrocarbon and others segment obviously is away from whatever they thought they were going to do at the beginning of the year when their standard transfer pricing was set.
Kathleen C. Fothergill: No, we adjust our standards during the year. We don't just have one fixed standard cost for the whole year. We do roll formed new standards typically every quarter.
John Roberts: I guess I'm surprised by the lack of volatility, I guess, within that segment given the overall volatility in the marketplace.
Kathleen C. Fothergill: Well, we have been pushing price.
Andrew N. Liveris: In terms of margins, it's all the price -- the year-on-year price that you're seeing. So frankly it's very much back to what we said at the beginning of this call and I have said for a while. We're managing two very large moving parts. And the fact that you're not seeing a lot of margin volatility, in fact that so far we have been pretty close, if not ahead.
John Roberts: Great. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Excellent and thank you very much. And this does conclude our question and answer session.
Kathleen C. Fothergill: Clara, could you hold on just a second.
Andrew N. Liveris: It is Andrew again. For all of those of you still on the call, I just want to add my thanks to Kathy. She has been tremendous. And Peter Butler, I think, asked about memory lane, and we will get a chance to celebrate with Kathy here as the months go by, but I just want to personally thank her. And really appreciate the professionalism, strength, integrity, and really the tremendous work she has done to make Dow a better company. And we'll miss you, Kathy.
Kathleen C. Fothergill: Thank you very much, Andrew. And I would like to thank all of you for joining us on this call. And our team looks forward to talking with you on Dow's next earnings conference call in October. Goodbye.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. And have a great day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Dow Chemical Company's First Quarter 2008 Earnings Results Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the call over to the Corporate Director, Investor Relation, Kathy Fothergill. Please go ahead.
Kathleen C. Fothergill: Good morning, everyone and welcome. As usual we are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of the Dow Chemical Company and any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's express written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and CEO, Geoffery Merszei, Dow's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Jeff Tate, Manager in Investor Relations. Around 6.30 this morning, April 24th, our earnings release went out on PR newswire and was posted on the internet on Dow's website dow.com. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments on this conference call. The slides are posted on our website, available on the presentations page of the Investor Relations section or through the link to our web cast. As you know some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you'd like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our website. Our earnings release as well as recent 10-Qs, 10-Ks and annual reports are available on the internet at dow.com in the financial reports page of the Investor Relations section. Starting with the agenda on slide 3, Jeffrey will lead off with an overview of the first quarter. I will discuss the operating segments and then Jeffrey will update you on actions we have taken to advance our strategy and describe Dow's outlook for the months ahead. After that we will move to your questions for Andrew and Jeffrey. Now Jeffrey; lets move to slide 4 and your comments.
Geoffery E. Merszei: Thank you, Cathy and good morning everyone. Now I want to start today's comments on a high note, because I believe Dow's performed exceptionally well in the first quarter, given the challenges of a weaker U.S. economy and significant increases in raw material cost. In fact, if I could sum it up I would say this quarter was about balance. We struck a good balance between taking fast and aggressive action on short term business challenges and making progress to our ultimate goal of transforming Dow into an earnings growth company. And here you can see the highlights of the quarter. We delivered record quarterly sales with broad based price gains and volume growth in emerging geographies. For example, we posted volume gains of 7% in China, 4% in Brazil, 11% in Argentina and 14% in Russia. Our stand out business for the quarter was clearly Dow Agro Sciences, which set a quarterly record for both sales and EBIT. Sales increased 27% with an 11% jump in price and a 16% jump in volume. And once again, we posted strong and consistent equity earnings of $274 million. This was the fifth consecutive quarter in which equity earnings were above $250 million. Now, all of this good performance has occurred despite the fact that the raw material cost rose 42%, that's $2.2 billion year-over-year. This was the largest quarterly increase in the Company's history and nearly equal to the increase we experienced for all of last year. Now as you can see on slide five, all of this led to earnings per share of $0.99 versus $1per share in the same period last year. I believe a remarkable achievement considering the challenges we faced during the quarter. These results are evidence of our strategy at work. Over the past several years, we have taken many deliberate steps to transform Dow to an earnings growth company, such as investing in our performance businesses and growing our global footprint. In the first quarter, our combined performance businesses posted a volume gain of 6%, reflecting both organic growth and growth from acquisitions. From polyurethanes to epoxy systems; to Dow Wolff Cellulosics, last year alone, we announced 11 acquisitions, all of which are consistent with our strategy to preferentially invest in our performance businesses. Now, these bolt-ons have moved Dow further downstream, where we are closer to the customer and the marketplace. And as a result, we are better able to deliver total solutions that demand higher margins. And we are delivering value. For example, our polyurethane systems business has consistently delivered higher margins than we could achieve by selling the same products through our components business. And as I said, Dow AgroSciences posted incredible growth. Again, this did not come by chance but because of the hard work we have done to take costs out and to grow through acquisitions and investments in new technologies and new products. Dow AgroSciences' results in the first quarter speak for themselves. Now let's talk about geographic strength which was another important factor in our results for the quarter. Dow has two thirds of its business outside of North America, with significant presence in many emerging geographies where growth is robust. And our joint ventures have three quarters of their sales outside of the U.S. Now this combination of international business exposure provided Dow with protection against a weaker U.S. economy. Growing our performance businesses and expanding our global footprint has been done with a view of the long term. We know we must also deliver solid results in the face of short term challenges as well, such as rapidly increasing raw material cost and the current weakness in the U.S. economy where housing and automotive continue to be a drag on results. As raw material cost increased to all time highs, we moved quickly to raise prices across the company. Here our expertise and price volume management played a critical role, both in our performance businesses, as well as in our Basic segments. Our Basic portfolio performed very well. Basic Plastics posted robust price gains, in fact more than 30% in North America and more than 20% in Europe and Latin America. Volume was only down slightly, 3% at a global level which was partly due to capacity reductions in North America and Latin America in 2007 and to somewhat weaker industry demand. But, the good news is we have not seen any significant decrease in demand outside of North America. In summary, I believe the first quarter was a very good quarter indeed. One in which the balance execution of our strategy delivered the strong results. At this point I'd like to speak briefly about the performance of our joint ventures, whose results were an important factor in the success of this quarter. Slide 6 should be a familiar slide, since we have shown it in the past. EQUATE and MEGlobal had a very strong quarter. As Dow's Corning, the short term spike in key raw material costs negatively impacted performance. However, we still expect Dow Corning to deliver robust growth in 2008 and excellent full year results. And in an effort to bring more clarity to the value that these JVs generate, I would like to introduce some new data on our principal joint ventures that we will be providing each quarter. By the way, a list of our principal JVs is supplied in the appendix of today's presentation. We will now report on sales, EBIT and depreciation and amortization for our principal joint ventures each quarter, as shown on slide 7. Here you can also see Dow's proportionate share of these amounts. On slide 8, we have calculated the equity earnings and EBITDA. Under the equity method of accounting for joint ventures, revenue, EBIT and depreciation and amortization of our joint ventures are not consolidated in Dow's income statement. Just a bottom line effect of these items is included as equity earnings. So the result investor that use EBITDA as a measure may not fully appreciate the value of Dow's joint ventures. As you can see Dow's proportionate share of the EBITDA of these joint ventures is significantly greater than their contribution to Dow's equity earnings. More information about these principal joint ventures is included in our recently updated joint venture white paper available on our website. So, on that note let me hand it over to Kathy who will provide additional detail on the performance of each of our operating segments.
Kathleen C. Fothergill: Thanks, Geoffrey. Starting with slide 9, for the fourth consecutive quarter, Performance Plastics posted year-over-year gains in both price and volume. In Polyurethane Systems, the higher volume came both from the HyperLast acquisition and from organic growth as we continue to shift more of our components business into downstream higher value systems. While volumes for Dow Automotive and Dow Building Solutions was down the decline was relatively modest, as growth internationally mitigated lower volume in the U.S. The picture in Dow Epoxy was mixed. We had a good start with our Epoxy systems business bolstered by three acquisitions late in 2007. We intend to pursue the same model with Epoxy that has been so successful in polyurethanes, moving downstream to higher value systems applications. Overall volume in Epoxy was down because of our exit from the Peroxymerics business and because we decided not to chase business in Intermediates where margins are compressed because of added industry capacity. For the segment overall, margins were down because of higher raw material and supply chain costs despite higher volume and aggressive action on price. Moving to slide 10, Performance Chemicals had a good quarter with strong volume and higher price. The year-over-year decline in EBIT was focused almost exclusively in Dow Latex, which was impacted by lower demand for acrylic latex used in architectural codings. Margins were also squeezed in SP Latex used in paper coating and carpet applications, where the rise in raw material costs outpaced price increases. We saw good volume growth in SP Latex for coated paper in Europe, Latin America and in Asia-Pacific with the recent startup of our facility in China. Designed Polymers turned in a strong performance with higher price, higher volume and higher EBIT. There are a number of high quality, high growth businesses in this portfolio including Dow Water Solutions, Dow Wolff Cellulosics and smaller businesses like ANGUS Chemical and Specialty Polymers, which contributed to top and bottom line growth. Slide 11 highlights our star performer this quarter, Dow AgroSciences, which benefited from the strong industry conditions that you've read so much about. But these outstanding results didn't just happen. Dow AgroSciences has developed an excellent portfolio of crop protection chemicals which stands them in good stead at a time when farmers are trying to maximize the yield of high value crops. We also saw higher price and volume in our seeds business in the quarter. Of course the weather is always a factor in Ag results. There was a very early start to spring in Europe and early season purchases of cereal herbicides boosted sales. It later turned quite cold. So, we are not sure how the seasonal pattern in Europe will shake out this year. However, we are confident that DOW AgroSciences will continue to show very strong growth year-over-year. Shifting to the Basics side, on slide 12 Basic Plastic's result show our focus on price volume management. In the light of the extraordinary run-up in feedstock and energy costs, we pushed price up by 24% and we're still unable to fully recover the cost increase. In Polyethylene, volumes up slightly in North America and Europe as customers turned somewhat cautious, buying only what they need. This lower demand in North America and Europe was partially offset by strong increases in Asia Pacific as exports from North America continued to be advantaged versus local production. Polypropylene volume was impacted by the shutdown of our plant at St Charles operations in Louisiana in December of last year, as well as planned and unplanned turnarounds at other Dow facilities on the Gulf Coast. Industry conditions for Polypropylene were somewhat soft, reflecting ample supply and slower demand for durable goods such as carpet and appliances. In Polystyrene, margins were compressed as higher prices were not enough to offset a significant rise in raw material costs. Year-over-year Basic Chemicals, slide 13, reported sharply higher price and slightly lower volume. In Core Vinyl's, volume declined due to the combined impact of the weak PVC industry conditions in North America and Dow's exit of the Caustic Soda business in western Canada at the end of last year. Margins for Caustic were significantly up, from a year ago but the impact of this improvement was masked by a sharp decline in margins on the vinyl side. As you know, chlorine has many high value uses in Dow, in polyurethanes, epoxies and agricultural chemicals for example. All of which are reported in other operating segments. So, Dow's basic chemicals segment doesn't reflect the full value of the ECU. Ethylene Glycol reported strong year-over-year improvement with most of the gain coming from higher results at our JV's including MEGlobal, EQUATE and OPTIMAL. One final data point, our operating rate for the quarter was 86%, down 1% from a year ago and from fourth quarter, principally because of a higher level of planned turnarounds. That wraps up the financial review of the quarter. Now, I would like to turn the microphone back over to Geoffery for his update on strategy and outlook.
Geoffery E. Merszei: Thank you, Kathy. There are a number of notable achievements in the first quarter which support key elements of our strategy. These elements are growth, innovation, joint ventures, and last but not least, financial discipline. Now, starting with growth, on slide 14, Dow AgroSciences announced it will further expand its plant bio-technology business with the acquisition of Triumph Seed here in the U.S. Triumph markets sunflower, corn and sorghum seeds across the U.S. and in approximately 25 countries. And moving on to Latin America, Dow announced a feasibility study to expand TDI productions in Brazil. Dow is the number one producer of TDI in Latin America and a new expansion will help retain our leading position as well as fuel growth by meeting increasing demand for polyurethane products in this fast growing region. We also announced plans to break ground this year on the state of the art membrane for alkaline production facility in Freeport, Texas. Now this new energy efficient facility will provide chlorine feed stocks which are critical to Dow's performance businesses. Dow Water Solutions announced that its FILMTEC reverse osmosis membranes are being installed at three waste water reclamation and reuse facilities in conjunction with the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games. And PetroChina Petrochemical Company selected UNIPOL, polypropylene process technology, for its new facility in China. The world-scale facility is the fourth polypropylene plant within the past 24 months to license this technology in China. Under the topic of innovation; in the first quarter 32% of sales came from new products introduced in the past five years. Now, this is consistent with our past performance in this area. Dow Building Solutions introduced STYROFOAM SIS brand structural insulation sheathing, the first ever three-in-one solution that combines structure, insulation and water resistance in one convenient product. We also received final approvals for an innovative new polycarbonate product. A leading optical media company, as well as two of the world's largest CD and DVD replicators, announced that a new Dow polycarbonate product will now be specified for use in CDs and DVDs and possibly high-definition DVD in the future. Innovation at Dow Automotive was also recognized in the quarter. Automotive News Magazine bestowed its highest honor, the 2008 Pace award to Dow Automotive for its IMPAXX energy-absorbing foams, which help create safer vehicles without adding weight. Moving to joint ventures, I'm happy to report discussions are going very well on our announced joint venture with Petrochemical Industries Company of Kuwait, and we remain on schedule to close, by latest end of the year. Our joint venture with PIC is consistent with our strategy to grow our basic businesses by creating new companies that can fuel their own growth. As an alliance between a world-class chemical company and one of the world's leading oil producers, this new company will be well-positioned to capture growth in key geographic regions such as China, India and the Middle East. We also announced plans to build a new specialty elastomers train with our joint venture partner, Siam Cement in Thailand. When completed, the new facility will supply customers in the fast-growing Asia-Pacific region with some of the most technologically advanced plastomers and elastomers in the world. Now, this investment is consistent with our strategy to invest in fast-growing regions, such as Asia-Pacific. And one last comment about joint ventures, EQUATE Petrochemical Company was honored with the first Corporate Social Responsibility Award in Kuwait. The award recognizes several ambitious programs EQUATE has underway that serve its employees and society as a whole. So let's move on to one of my favorite subjects, financial discipline here on slide 17. Capital spending amounted $359 million. We remain on plan to deliver CapEx at a full year target of $2.2 billion, roughly equal to our level of depreciation. Now, regarding share buybacks, we repurchased 10.8 million shares in the first quarter the most shares we have purchased in one quarter in over 10 years. Since the first quarter of 2006, Dow has spent $2.5 billion buying back 61 million shares. And as part of our active portfolio management process, evaluation of our business mix continues. In February, we announced the formation of a new business portfolio, appropriately named Dow Portfolio Optimization. Now, the charter of this new business group is to evaluate and define a value-creating path forward for select Dow businesses. The goal is to find appropriate growth opportunity for these businesses or to divest them. Another example of active portfolio management in the quarter was the announced shutdown of rubber assets in Berre, France. This is consistent with our strategy to redirect technical resources and investments to performance businesses. Moving on to working capital, admittedly, here we have some work to do. While our day's sales outstanding and accounts receivable is a very tight 38 days, our day's sales of inventory has crept up to 67 days. The reasons for this include an increase in export businesses from North America, which lengthens the supply chain. The deliberate building of inventory and anticipation of some second quarter turn around and changes in product mix. Now this said, we are committed to optimizing our inventory levels. And finally, on financial targets return on capital was 14% and return on equity was 19%, both solid numbers. So, as we wrap up today's prepared remarks, let's spend a few minutes on our outlook. At a macro economic level, we are seeing softness in the US and customers here are taking a more cautionary approach to their business. As for Europe, Western Europe is slowing by holding out well and Eastern Europe remains strong. And the rest of the world remains healthy. Turing to DOW, we expect second quarter to be another good quarter. We anticipate continued growth in region outside of North America and robust growth in emerging geography, which constitutes today 28% of our sales. With more than two thirds of our exposure internationally, we are well positioned capture growth in Eastern Europe, Latin America, Asia Pacific, India, and the Middle East. We also see another strong quarter for DOW Agro-sciences plus continued growth from other performance businesses. At the same time, we know raw material cost are going to be a key challenge, so we are keeping the pressure on price volume management across our entire portfolio. In closing, I believe our strong global footprint promises.... I believe our strong global footprint, promising growth opportunities of both a geographic and business level and continued focus on price and volume should deliver another solid quarter. Thank you very much, at this time, I would like to open it up for questions.
Kathleen C. Fothergill: Thanks Jeffery, that wraps up our prepared remarks. For your reference, the copy of these remarks will be posted on Dow's website later today. Now we will move on to your questions. Before we do though, I would like to remind you that my comments on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both our prepared remarks and to anything that may come up during the Q&A. Clarissa would you please explain the Q&A procedure. Question And Answer
Operator: Certainly [Operator Instructions]. We do ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. We will take our first question from Gregg Goodnight with UBS.
Gregg Goodnight: Good morning all.
Kathleen C. Fothergill: Good morning, Gregg.
Gregg Goodnight: Could you please update us with respect to your anticipated start of timing for your major projects, I am referring to the HPPO project and the EQUATE II project. And secondarily, do you expect either of these projects to deliver meaningful earnings this year or is it next year that we will see more of the impact.
Andrew Liveris: Hi, Gregg, it's Andrew. On the HPPO project with BASF in Antwerp, that project has had some delays, so we expected to be back half this year in terms to start up on the EQUATE expansion that will come up in phases, the third quarter will see the ethylene and EG ...EOEG plant come up and the poly ethylene will come up in the early part of next year so there will be some impact from that and the PO project later in the year.
Gregg Goodnight: Okay, outstanding. Would you also comment on your anticipated margins for HPPO, just directionally, would you think that your, when the unit gets running, you going to deliver margins in excess of what are currently being seen by alternate technologies like POSM?
Andrew Liveris: Well, clearly the announcement that both Dow and BASF made when we announced the building of that plant, we referenced to lower capital intensity, more energy efficiency and lower waste as three major improvements compared to POSM. We stick by those three statements and that was in an energy world of three years ago. In an energy world of today, that's even better so, obviously you have a new asset, so you've got to; of course, go through a high capitalization base but we believe it's competitively advantaged versus POSM. And I believe, as a consequence of that, and I speak for Dow, our strategy of Geoffery, referred to it in his remarks value-add by taking the PO to rigid polyols and onwards to PU systems. This will add new margin to us over the short to medium-term.
Operator: We will take our next question from Don Carson with Merrill Lynch.
Don Carson: Thank you, a couple of Ag questions. First, Andrew, can you talk a bit about your U.S. corn seed outlook, both near-term and longer term? Specifically, just wondering whether you think you can gain share this year with your improved trade offering. And I know that Jerome Peribere set a pretty ambitious goal of becoming the number three U.S. corn seed company say by 2012 or so? Do you think you are on track for that? And then the second question on Ag would be, typically you do about 35% better in the first quarter. Was this a real pull forward, given some of those unusual weather conditions in Europe or do you think this kind of strength is sustainable into the second quarter?
Andrew Liveris: On the first, good morning Don, on the first, the market share is pretty much as is right now. The real accelerator for us, as I indicated and Jerome indicated late last year was the SmartStax announcement, will really occur a couple years out from now so the fact that we're holding steady against, as you know, formidable competition in the corn sector is a strong statement of Dow Agro-sciences current position, but doesn't speak to share gain, to answer you specifically. And really, as we look at sequential quarters here, we'll see the same pattern as last year's Q1 to Q2. We expect the same to repeat this year. Still a very good quarter for Ag, but at the same time, to the extent there's been a little bit of pull-through, Kathy referenced the seasonality factor within Europe, where it started early but it went cold. So, we expect the same pattern
Operator: We will go next to David Begleiter, Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Thank you, good morning, Andrew, as we approach the conclusion of the PIC, JV, is your thought process still the same, that there are no large acquisitions visible, you would deploy that cash to share buybacks more aggressively.
Andrew Liveris: Yeah sure, good morning David, I mean, clearly, as we go through the year, I've repeated to many of you and so has Geoffery, that our discipline is intact on the M&A front. We've had several years of strict discipline, financial and strategic criteria, we are going to go through the year and frankly, the share buyback option as the Kuwait deal looms to close, becomes more and more probable and we've always said we're going to preserve our optionality in case one of the targets we've been interested in now, not just for a month, but for years if these targets become more realizable, we will look at them, but I think the probability waits heavily to share buyback, to your question as the year goes by, what you'll see from us is patience and prudence and discipline and as the Kuwait deal, as Geoffery mentioned in his remarks gets closer and closer to- through the higher due diligence phase to close, the chances of share buyback increase quite dramatically.
David Begleiter: Should we expect Q1 level of buyback to be similar for Q2 and Q3, 11-12 million shares?
Geoffery E. Merszei: Yes, David, Jeff here. I think we've been pretty consistent with how we've been executing this program. We've been averaging about $400 million worth 10 to 11 million shares and we also indicated to you early last year that we probably complete program by mid this year and we are on target.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeffery Zekauskas with JP Morgan.
Jeffery Zekauskas: Hi, good morning.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning (multiple speakers)
Jeffery Zekauskas: I couldn't follow your comments on epoxy and urethanes as well as I might have so, Performance Plastics had EBIT down about 25% in the quarter year-over-year, is that the order of magnitude that epoxies and urethanes was down on an EBIT basis or were there EBIT you know better or worse than that 25%?
Kathleen C. Fothergill: We are not going to give you EBIT business by business, Jeff.
Jeffery Zekauskas: And just is it more than 25 or less than 25?
Kathleen C. Fothergill: I would say that those two probably let' see, I'm looking at these things here. Not too different probably a little bit less than 25.
Jeffery Zekauskas: Okay,
Kathleen C. Fothergill: Because you have housing you know you'll have the housing business, which would be down certainly on a percentage basis more than that.
Andrew Liveris: And if I would just try, Jeffery, they are difference because, exactly where Kathy just ended up, they expose different things. Epoxy is much, much more exposed positively to electrical laminates and the growth in Asia. So they saw what I would call mix issues out there and slowdowns that occurred, which will catch up, so we're not worried about that at all. Their coatings exposure is not as housing-related as polyurethanes, because they're in industrial coatings and the oil and gas business, and all the stuff they serve in coatings is very robust. So it's disproportionate.
Jeffery Zekauskas: Thank you. For my follow-up, can you remind me again when the PIC deal is supposed to close, precisely and whether there is any change in financial terms since you disclosed the Memorandum of Understanding?
Geoffery E. Merszei: Yes, Jeff, let me make a few comments on that. First of all, we don't expect any change in the financial terms. And the discussions in fact, our discussions are taking place as we speak. There have been no showstoppers. The site visits have been completed and we are very confident that we will close the transaction still this year.
Operator: Our next comes Mark Connelly, Credit Suisse.
Mark Connelly: Thank you if we look at the ag chemical part of the business and we stripped out new product launches can you give us a sense of what pricing and margins are doing on the existing business? I'm trying to get a sense of what relative pricing power is like?
Kathleen C. Fothergill: The new product launches, I would say, are relatively small part of the total. They represent a fairly small percentage of the total revenue. So, the margin stuff that you're seeing for the total segment is principally indicative of what existing businesses are like.
Mark Connelly: Okay. And average prices are they up low single-digits, mid- single digits?
Kathleen C. Fothergill: No the prices are up, in Ag we have what was reported externally, it was it was like 16% in Ag prices
Mark Connelly: Across the chemical side?
Kathleen C. Fothergill: Well, it's mostly again chemical is most of our portfolio.
Mark Connelly: Right
Kathleen C. Fothergill: So, you are going to see that in But they were up in a similar manner actually, both in chemicals and in seeds.
Mark Connelly: Okay. And just a follow up on with respect to the Dow Corning you said it was short terms spike in raw materials I'm just wondering did the nature of the volatility give you any different view of the normalized contribution of that JV or its ability to help you in a cyclical trough?
Unidentified Company Representative: No, Mark, in fact this was a unusual kind of spike and in some raw material cost that occurred late January through February in fact the prices have come down and so in fact overall we don't expect it to negatively impact the performance that was planned for Dow corning for 2008 and we expect continued growth in the earnings that we've been that the experienced and scene coming out of Dow Corning over the last couple years.
Kathleen C. Fothergill: Okay. I just want to make one comment, Mark, I apologize I was looking at the volume column the price in Ag is, its 11%. But it is similar in both chemicals and in seeds.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sergey Vasnetsov with Lehman Brothers.
Sergey Vasnetsov: : Good morning
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning Sergey.
Sergey Vasnetsov: I heard some initial positive comments in the industry on extra ethane availability in Kuwait, and this could allow more of the highly efficient plants for you to build there in the future ethane Glycol maybe even a cracker, what's your outlook for the chances for the Kuwait 3?
Andrew Liveris: Yes Sergey the comments you have been hearing and staying in the public domain speak to the north field and I think that's what you are referring to and yes its wet gas and I think there's many companies who are, you know, from oil and gas point of view looking at partnering with Kuwait Petroleum. Clearly, our incumbency with PIC, KPC, EQUATE I, EQUATE II and that all opens to and now, the opportunity that will North Fields will present us is one of the, you know, basic reasons, why this partnership makes enormous sense, I mean, we clearly as a new joint ventures as we launch our company here the one have closed this year, and will look overseas for investment in the Chinese and India's, but for sure they will look home and home being Kuwait so we think there is great likelihood of a new project out there in the future, we won't make any public statements our partnership cements that, but no question... that availability looks increasingly likely.
Sergey Vasnetsov: And that's good news. Could you please give us some update on the Russian oil project?
Andrew Liveris: Doing well, you know, as we promised and as we've talked about since we announced out Kuwait deal. One of the things that we said is that every joint venture stands alone and the interfaces between joint ventures is something that we are pretty good at and so we've been working very hard. Making sure as we get closer to the Kuwait deal that very critical project as Saudi ARAMCO rest in your project is as critical to Dow as any project we have out there in fact, probably a defining project in terms of the building blocks for our performance businesses as well as some basic businesses is going very well. We will get to the stage of that this year, everything is on track, the partnership is great. You know we are in regular dialogue as Geoffery said, with the Kuwaitis at a team level we had equal amount of resources pointed at the Saudi project and we are very, very, confident as it that will proceed as county plant.
Operator: Next we will go to P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar: Yes hi good morning.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning P.J.
P.J. Juvekar: Couple of questions. First, on the financial side, your unallocated expenses were about 132 million which was quite low compared to any of the quarters last year and I know hedging gains go in here was there anything particular in there any hedges or any items that you benefited from?
Geoffery E. Merszei: Yeah, P.J., let me quickly address that and you're correct. We're a little bit out of the range. If you recall, I think in the past what we've said was that, well, first of all, we regularly see quite a bit of movement in that category. And what we said for planning purposes, you should use a level of around $150 million to $200 million per quarter, which I think is a reasonable estimate. Now, it just so happens that last year, we were above that range because we had some unique items we had the $40 million that I think was franchise tax accruals. And a special performance-based employee bonus that brought it up to a level of 250 something million, $257 million. This quarter, we had lower accruals for performance-based compensation and for our employee stock purchase plan because, of course, the lower level of the stock price. And we also had some benefit coming from an excellent performance from our insurance operation as well as some hedging gains as you have pointed out.
P.J. Juvekar: Okay. Were the hedging gains significant or...?
Geoffery E. Merszei: No, Nothing out of the ordinary. It's all part of hedging some of our operational exposures.
P.J. Juvekar: Okay, and one question for Andrew. I know everyone wants to know what are you going to buy. But is there anything that you want to divest, particularly in specialties. And maybe that's the goal of your portfolio optimization group. Because as you pointed out in the past, commodity specialty products are getting commoditized and rather waiting for them to be a complete commodity, why wouldn't you sell them or put them in the Kuwaiti joint venture?
Andrew Liveris: Well, Yes, I mean, P.J. as always, you're very good at putting the answer to the question you pose in your question, which is great. I mean, all of you who are following us know exactly what you just articulated. One, we have a business portfolio optimization group for a reason, and you pointed out the reason in your question, which is the commoditization of certain businesses and assets, and whatever you categorized them at, including the performance businesses. And that speaks to, obviously, what we've done in the last several years, which is 92 factories shut down, and 42 sites exited, and 38 businesses sold. You'd expect us to continue to prune from the bottom as these new feedstock hydrocarbon commodity realities become, obviously, alive. And secondly, the solution that you spoke to, yes, we're going to get our joint venture formed and we will. But once that joint venture forms, that creates an interesting and future possibility at home for some of these pseudo-commodities and we don't dismiss that, nor do we dismiss it in the Saudi ARAMCO opportunity, by the way, so, you can expect Dow's asset-light strategy to keep coming to life in terms of how we become number one in the world in terms of competitiveness, given these new input costs.
Operator: We have a question from Peter Butler, Glen Hill Investment.
Peter Butler: Good morning.
Andrew Liveris: Good morning.
Peter Butler: I'm hearing from my Kuwaiti source that, in fact, that you guys may be expanding the scope of this Kuwait joint venture in your negotiations? Is that correct?
Andrew Liveris: Morning, Peter. As I just seem to cater in the answer to P.J.'s question, the opportunities to do more are clearly top of mind for both of us. And we really do have job one, which is closed to be as announced, as intact, as promised in our early announcements, both of us are very committed to doing that. The due diligence is working perfectly but I think your notion of doing more and as indicating to Peter's question, will be of top of mind and there is some good logical fits that can occur and frankly, creating this powerhouse of a joint venture, this unbelievable opportunity to marry a feedstock-rich company, state-owned feedstock-rich company that has global expansion in its sites with a petrochemical franchise like ours gives us more scope opportunities, but frankly Peter, you know, trying to keep this all orderly and managed in scope has closed the deal and then we will go to phase 2, clearly that's on top of mind thought here. But no (inaudible) dismiss your hypothesis or even the statement you made.
Peter Butler: Okay, I'm a bit puzzled by your statement in the guidance for the second quarter, you are saying that, you know, this is with the background that your fourth quarter earnings were down, and first quarter was a little lower and yet you are saying you expect another the second quarter to be another great quarter. Does Dow have a new standard for earnings now and the ambition is to have you know just a small decline?
Geoffery E. Merszei: Peter, you know, these comments are in the context of the environment that we were working, I mean, you know, when you face increased hydrocarbon energy costs in one quarter, it equals a higher cost equal to the entire, closely equal to entire of the year, prior year and then ending up with these type of results with an economy that is highly cautionary here in the United States, in that context, I think we have done extremely well.
Andrew Liveris: And Peter, if I can add, everyone on the call I'm sure is very conscious about strategic drive here. Strategic drive, we've said it over many quarters now, is to create an earnings-ridge, not a decline to a trough. And we've made statements, I made it on the last earnings call that we would earn north of $3 at the next trough. I'm the last to keep wanting to see a decline on a year-on-year or sequential. But given these headwinds Geoffery just referenced, given our strategic moves paying off already through the portfolio moves we've made, inclusive of our joint ventures, we have arrested the decline and despite these headwinds, we still have got very good cash flows and earnings power here, and frankly, it's because of our strategy working and we've committed ourselves to changing our earnings profile. That's our strategy. The day that will arrive, when that profile is transformed, we will start talking about year-on-year earnings inclines and quarter inclines, which is what this management team is driven to do.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Burk, with Bear Stearns.
Scott Burk: Just one final question about how the cost increases are going sequentially? Significant cost increases year-over-year, but what does that look like sequentially, fourth quarter to first quarter?
Kathleen C. Fothergill: Sequentially, that's about $500 million.
Scott Burk: Okay. And in terms of the price increases that you pushed through in January and February, is there going to be a benefit going into the second quarter that, you've had some of the cost increases slowed down, it sounded like in I'd say, March. Are you going to have a benefit that may help boost second quarter numbers? And how does that look going out to the second half of the year?
Andrew Liveris: Well, clearly I think there is no question that we had a phenomenon cost-push based price increased environment in the first quarter and to the extent that some carry over on, some of the bigger products like Polyethylene that's being customers push back as you might expect. There is a slow down in the US we have been very upfront about that and no question was seen that volume slowdown having an affect on price increase environments in the second quarter. What we are saying is that internationally would better off because of our mix and because of the robustness of the demand cycles out in the China, India's, the Russia's etcetera., In addition everyone is seen the oil price, all of our competitors have Naphtha and Naphtha crossing 900 bucks a ton, out in Asia means many the crackers out there that even cover cash cost. So, there is a price momentum even on the most basic of products in our competitive base and I know the Middle East producers including ourselves has an advantage but so far whether EOEG or polyethylene or fundamentally they follow the price increases. So, I would say there is some carry over, it's not as strong in the US clearly but international helps. And, that's basically what you saw in the first quarter.
Scott Burk: Okay, and can you say exactly how much you spent on share buyback in the first quarter?
Geoffery E. Merszei: Just slightly above $400 million.
Kathleen C. Fothergill: Yeah, it's about I think 410.
Geoffery E. Merszei: Around 410.
Operator: Next we will go to Mike Judd with Greenwich Consultants.
Mike Judd: Yes, good morning. You mentioned that you have got some new business in your polycarbonate resin business and I guess I were to assumed that CDs and DVDs, are I'm looking at it's being sort of a durable type of application, in that business do you have some sense as to how much of that business is durable versus your non-durable type applications that's my first question and then secondly, I'm interested in what is Dow's position globally in terms of pounds or whatever way you want to be basically described it?
Andrew Liveris: Well, I'll tackle the last question first, around polycarbonate, which as, I think you know, is destined for our new joint venture with the Kuwaitis. So, that will go in there one of the reasons we have done that is but frankly, the position DOW has globally, is we are number five in the world and you know building ourselves to the top one or two from the position we are in we just didn't feel that that was something we could do on our own and that we needed some big stock back integration, which we can get with the our new partnership, as you know key raw materials there relate to aromatics and that's very key in our Kuwait partnership. In terms of our position though, we do have two excellent joint ventures one in Japan and one in Korea. It's respectively with Sumitomo and LG. One of these joint ventures are actually the star of the shop. Both of them perform very well and most of these - and most of their end-use markets is what the Asian market is all about, which is optical media, which speaks to your question, and so you take those two joint ventures - which you don't see consolidated in our top line because they are joint ventures, and if you if you add our share of those joint ventures in our total Polycarbonate business, you will actually see much more balance between optical media and durables. But if you take the pure Dow business, which is US and Europe, it's more centered around durables, much higher percent and, so I don't know if I am getting at your question, Mike but that's basically to the balance.
Mike Judd: But your position and lets say packing type application or bottles and things like that would be extremely small part of the overall portfolio?
Andrew Liveris: Oh, yeah, very small and if you are relating the question on our baby bottles and all that, we made a deliberate decision to not be in that business, it's less than 1% in packaging as a whole.
Mike Judd: Fair enough; thank you.
Andrew Liveris: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin McCarthy with banc of America Securities.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, thanks, good morning. Geoff, I appreciate the additional disclosure on joint ventures. If I wanted to take the EBITDA numbers outlined in slide seven and use those to compute an adjusted EBIT to EBITDA ratio for Dow, I was wondering if you could help me out with the numerator as well. I mean do you have a sense of what Dow's proportionate share of the financial leverage would be for the joint ventures in the aggregate?
Kathleen C. Fothergill: What I was thinking of, Kevin, I don't know if you looked at the JV White Paper that we had earlier... I mean to get an idea of the leverage of the joint ventures we do have at least for the principal joint ventures, what their total debt is and total equity. I haven't done the calculations, but that is in the JV White Paper. So, is that what you were looking for too?
Kevin McCarthy: I will take a look at that.
Kathleen C. Fothergill: That just has it annually and we won't be able to get that for you quarterly, but we can... you can at least look and see what the leverage of these principal joint ventures is. And as we have said a few times, the principal joint ventures make up the vast majority of our financial exposure in joint ventures. So you can use this number and then leverage it for the total picture.
Geoffery E. Merszei: Kevin, just a rule of thumb most of these joint ventures have a pretty similar kind of a financial policy to our own. And as you know, our practice has been as a debt to total cap of roughly 40%, give and take 5% up and down. So, I think that will be probably a pretty fair kind of assessment across most of the joint ventures.
Kevin McCarthy: That's helpful, thanks. And then, Andrew, will you provide us with an update on your Styrenics joint venture with Chevron? And in general efforts to improve the profitability of that chain.
Andrew Liveris: Yeah I think, Kevin, expect the new joint venture Americas Styrenics to begin operations very shortly, probably next month. We are obviously, once that joint venture launches and we'll look at its envelope and begin to expect the synergies the two parents are very much wanting to get. The first, of course, is on the downstream, which is polystyrene, which is mostly our contributions, and the second is the upstream, which is styrene. I think the new joint venture management and the new joint venture Board will be intensely focused on making that the number one business in the Americans, I would tell you the focus from the two shareholders remains pretty intense and putting that company together for improving profitability and making that business a growth business again was the reason we formed it. So no specific announcements but you can expect that joint venture to get right at your question as it launches.
Operator: Our next question comes from Frank Mitsch with BB&T Capital Markets.
Frank Mitsch: Good morning and Andrew congratulations on evening up the series last night?
Andrew Liveris: Thank you Frank I remember the question.
Frank Mitsch: Yes. Your commentary regarding TIC is... the JV, is very helpful. But in terms of what you're going to do with the cash and I'm curious does the timing of that announcement... is it predicated on actually the closing of the transaction might we make an announcement before the transaction closes. If you can give any color on what your thought process is there?
Andrew Liveris: Well, the color I provide I think it may be proceed in the first question asked today is around our continual focus on discipline on M&A, I mean in essence I think we've said many times, including on these calls, that the hurdle that has to be overcome with any M&A is share buyback. And we understand accretion is instant on share buyback and takes time on an acquisition. But we've also said the type of properties we're looking at are basically for growth. And yes, cost synergies play a role in making affordability work. But we want to grow and we're putting in place a new earnings profile. So focusing in on the businesses and markets that we've talked about, our market-facing units and our performance businesses, many of which we've referenced on this call, means that we're looking at clean buys or as close to clean buys as we can get. And frankly, Frank, the value proposition has to be right. And as a consequence of that, the discipline has to stay intact. So therefore, we say no, or we reject books more than we kind of go to the next step. And at any one time, we're looking at many things, but at any one time, it's not likely that something will drop. And it's based on history. As you can see, we've done 11 smaller acquisitions, as Geoffrey mentioned in his remarks. The probability is that they will stay small until the right opportunity presents itself that's bigger. Meantime, then, the deadline, if you want to use that term, of the close of our Kuwait deal increases the probability that share buyback will become a reality. And we're fine with that. I mean, we're preserving optionality and we're doing share buyback. It's a big and. And that's how we're managing the Company. That's how we're managing the precious cash our shareholders give us the right to manage. Geoff?
Geoffery E. Merszei: You can... I mean, just one last point, as you know that our $2 billion program, if we stick to the recent trends, will expire by middle of this year as we buy back more of our shares and complete the program. You can assume, and we've been saying that all along in the last couple of years, that we will have buyback programs in place to... at a minimum, cover dilution and of course subject to board approval, we will regularly be in the market buying back our stock.
Frank Mitsch: Terrific, I think I have received the message there. And in I know Kathy during the discussion of the trends, you said... mentioned that the second quarter would feature some turnarounds. Can you talk about proportionality between turnaround impact 1Q and 2Q and along the same lines licensing fees proportionately was 1Q an unusually high appearing in terms of licensing fees?
Kathleen C. Fothergill: Let me do the turnarounds first and higher order of magnitude probably going to have around $50 million more of turnarounds in the second quarter roughly than the first quarter and that's more of an increase...that's about the same kind of increase versus last year in a ballpark. And as far as licensing, I can't possibly predict licensing. That... that really does comes around, but no, first quarter was not unusually large. It wasn't a whole lot higher than has been in other quarters. Okay?
Operator: Our next question comes from Hassan Ahmed with HSBC.
Hassan Ahmed: Good morning guys.
Unidentified Company Representative: Morning.
Hassan Ahmed: So, clearly commendable that despite this $2.2 billion run up in feedstock costs, you guys essentially reported flat year-on-year EPS. I guess my question is that how much of an offset to those high raw material prices did currency provide. Now, I fully understand that you don't quantify sort of ForEx benefit and the like but if you could just generally speak about earnings benefit or reduction going forward from currency translation and export opportunities, if the dollar does indeed start strengthening?
Geoffery E. Merszei: Yeah Hassan, let me address that question on currency. I mean we do have a very, very strong international presence. That, of course, does translate into the benefits of a weaker U.S. dollar. But keep in mind, our international footprint is very much with a local presence. In other words, we have very large fixed assets. In fact, if you take, the Euro is really the largest component on the currency side. And in Europe, 30% of our Company's fixed assets and employees are located in Europe. So, of course, we have a fairly sizable offset on the cost side. I can tell you that on the pricing side, less than one-third of the price increase is attributed to the stronger Euro or the weaker U.S. dollar. And then, of course, don't forget that in the last quarter or two, there's been a very strong correlation between the commodity prices, i.e., oil and the U.S. dollar. Historically, the correlation may have been considerably lower, maybe 10%. But certainly over most recent times, there's been a flight from the dollar to commodities, the metals and oil. And so I would expect that if there were a major correction in the currency market, that you would see a similar kind of a correction on the commodity side which would, of course, also benefit us. So, that's pretty much what our exposure is.
Hassan Ahmed: Thanks very much.
Kathleen C. Fothergill: Okay, we have time just for one more question.
Operator: Thank you, that question comes from Bill Young with Chemspeak.
William Young: Good morning. I was kind of surprised, given the big increase in polyethylene prices over the last 12 months that your equity earnings in Basic Plastics were higher than they were, given the relatively stable raw material costs in EQUATE. I realize you mentioned there were some offsets in Equipolymers and Siam Polyethylene, but maybe you could add a little flavor to the situation for us?
Geoffery E. Merszei: Well, you actually answered the question. I mean, we did have offsets coming out of Siam cement and EQUATE. That's pretty much it. I mean and...
Kathleen C. Fothergill: EQUATE was up. EQUATE was up year-over-year, Bill, as you would expect, because prices are higher. As you said, and as Geoffery was saying, it was Siam Polyethylene and Equipolymers that were bringing it down which is what we're saying.
William Young: Maybe I'm just giving too much emphasis to the size of EQUATE relative to the others. And secondly, how long do you think the pain will last in the ethylene overcapacity cycle over the next, whatever number of years, realizing that you still expect to earn $3.00 at the trough?
Geoffery E. Merszei: Well, so, the pain, and pain is always relative, right, Bill? I mean, we clearly have said quite a few times and I believe CMAI and others agree with us that we're going to see capacity at the back end of this year that will cause oversupply. But frankly, the Iranian stuff is still sputtering and it's not all going to come on seamlessly. And to the extent that '09 will have some little more capacity than '10 will have a lot more, then clearly '11. I think you've got yourself a jagged ride down to an ethylene trough. But remember, we have announced our Kuwait deal. We've announced all of our low cost investments. We've got Peter Butler's question about or someone's question about the EQUATE expansion; not just the one we're talking about, but the one that we'll talk about maybe in the future. So we've got mitigants that gives us confidence that our proportionate share of that decline can still, on a proforma basis reach the target we talked about $3 of the trough.
Kathleen C. Fothergill: Okay, well, thank you all I would like to thank you for joining us on this call and we look forward to talking with you on our next conference call in July. Good bye.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-29 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to The Dow Chemical Company's Fourth Quarter Results Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the Corporate Director of Investor Relations, Ms. Fothergill. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Kathleen C. Fothergill: Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, we are making this call available to investors and the media by a webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company, and any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's express written concerned is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and CEO; Geoffery Merszei, Dow's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Tate, Manager in Investor Relations. Around 6:20 this morning, January 29, our earnings release went out on PR Newswire and was posted on the Internet on Dow's website, dow.com. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments on this conference call. The slides are posted on our website available on the presentations page of the Investor Relations section or through the link to our webcast. As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you'd like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see the SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our website. Our earnings release, as well as recent 10-Qs, 10-Ks, and Annual Report are available on the Internet at dow.com in the Financial Reports page of Investor Relations section. Starting with the agenda on slide three, I will start with a brief recap of the fourth quarter. Then Andrew, will take a look back at the actions we took in 2007, and ahead to 2008 and beyond as we continue to implement Dow's transformational strategy for delivering long-term shareholder value. After that, we'll move on to your questions. As you can see on slide four, this was another solid quarter for Dow. Despite the highest ever increase in purchased feedstock and energy costs, $1.7 billion year-over-year and $850 million compared with the third-quarter, we were able to ask that much of that impact with a focus on price/volume management and cost discipline. Compared with a year ago, we achieved higher price and higher volume in each of our operating segments. Our geographic position served us well with strong organic growth supplemented in some cases by targeted bolt-on acquisitions in each of the geographic regions outside North America. As shown on slide five, joint ventures again made an outstanding contribution of 21% from fourth quarter a year ago including record quarterly earnings from EQUATE, MEGlobal, and Compaa Mega. While 2007 was the first year our JV earnings topped $1 billion, equity income has been near that level for the last four years. And in addition to this equity income of $1.1 billion, joint ventures contributed over $800 million to Dow's cash flow this year. Let me give you could rundown on the segment results for the quarter. Slide six, Performance Plastics posted record quarterly sales on higher price and higher volume, but EBIT excluding unusuals declined, principally because of escalating raw material costs and some weakness in the housing and auto sectors. In an environment of rapidly raising raw material costs, its not surprising to see short-term margin squeeze in the Performance businesses. Pricing for these products is tied to the value they provide to our customers rather than to our cost. So prices tend to be much more sticky in Performance businesses than in Basics. We saw the flip side of this pattern in the fourth quarter of 2006. You may recall that feedstock and energy costs dropped during that quarter, but the businesses held price allowing for margin expansion. When raw material costs stabilize, we would expect these businesses to recover the margins they lost this quarter. Nonetheless we were quite pleased with the volume strength in this segment, up 6% from a year ago. Outside of North America, all the geographies posted very strong growth. From a business perspective, the growth was also broad-based with Specialty Plastics, Polyurethane Systems, and even DOW Automotive among the leaders. There was a similar story in Performance Chemicals shown on slide seven, with improvements in sales, price, and volume, but margins squeeze impacted by EBIT. In addition, continued weakness in industry fundamentals for acrylics and acrylic latex as well as lack of product availability due to a planned outage at optimal hurt the bottom line. On the plus side, the integration of Wolff Walsrode into Dow Wolff Cellulosics is proceeding very well and the business is seeing good growth in pharmaceuticals, food, and industrial specialty applications. Slide eight, Dow AgroSciences, had a good fourth quarter capping a record year. Supported by double-digit volume growth in Latin America and solid gains in Asia-Pacific, either excluding unusuals held steady with last year despite an increase as planned in expenses for the development and launch of new products. Also as we mentioned last quarter, we saw some shifting seasonal patterns with some customers in North America selling tanks earlier than in past years moving business from the fourth quarter into the third. Slide nine, Basic Plastics, finished a very strong year with another solid quarter. Double-digit price increases largely offset higher feedstock costs, and volume edged up 1% despite asset shutdowns and disposals over the past year. In fact, polyethylene reported higher volume in all geographic areas after adjusting for the divestiture of Safripol at the end of last year. Strong performance in Basic Chemicals shown on slide ten was driven principally the gains in EO/EG. With very tight supply/demand balances due to a series of industry outages, including some at Dow facilities, ethylene glycol prices rose to record levels during the quarter. In chlorovinyls, strength in caustic soda was offset by some weakness in PVC applications. Now, let me turn to you to some unusual items in the quarter now highlighted in the earnings release. First, pretax charges totaling $582 million for restructuring activities. This amount includes charges totaling $590 million related to the decisions we announced in early December of 2007, partially offset by an $8 million adjustment to our 2006 restructuring charges. More information is on these actions have included in the December 4 announcement, which is available on our website. These restructuring activities are a further evidence of our disciplined approach to portfolio management, shutting down or existing assets or businesses that do not meet our financial or strategic criteria. We expect these restructuring activities will generate annual savings will generate annual savings of around $180 million when fully implemented by the end of next year. Second, there was a $2 million adjustment to the third quarter 07 estimated IPR&D charge for the Wolff acquisition. And there was a $113 million benefit to the tax provision related to a change in the legal ownership structure of the EQUATE. We took this step in order to simplify Dows legal entity structure by placing all of the Dow's great joint ventures into a single holding company. Detailed information about the pretax, after-tax, and EPS impact reach of these items as well as the related segment information is included in our earnings release. One final item for you, our operating rate for the quarter was 87%, up 2% from the fourth quarter last year. And for the full year, the operating rate was also 87% compared with 85% to 2006. That wraps up the review of the quarter. And now, I would like to turn the microphone over to Andrew for his comments.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Kathy, and good day everyone. Thanks for joining us as we review 2007 and we look ahead to 2008 and beyond. 2007 was a remarkable year for the Dow Chemical Company. We not only posted very good financial results, the third highest in our history, but we also took meaningful strides to establish ourselves as an earnings growth company. In our view, we are now well on our way toward achieving our goal of providing consistent, reliable, and strong earnings growth for our shareholders. Before I further elaborate, let's take a quick look at our 2007 full-year financial performance. As you can see, we posted record sales with gains in both price and volume. Sales were $53.5 billion, up 9% over 2006. Price was up 7% with gains in all segment and geographies, and volume improved by 2%. During the year, we saw rapid growth in emerging economies, couple of examples. Sales in Greater China were up 24%, Eastern Europe was up 30%. These emerging economies and others play an important part in our future. In fact, they already make up 28% Dow's revenues, and our exposure to them through our joint ventures will only add to that. We had healthy volume growth in Europe of 5%, Asia-Pacific up 8%, and Latin America up 7%. We saw volume fall in North America by 2% and in India, Middle East, and Africa where we had the divestiture of the Safripol businesses in South Africa volume fell by 9%. We also achieved record equity earnings of $1.1 billion, up 17% from 2006 and topping $1 billion for the first time. Excluding certain items, earnings per share were solid $3.76 versus $4.25 last year. Given the very difficult conditions we faced, a weak US economy paid with purchased feedstock and energy costs that rose an 11% year-over-year, these results demonstrate yet another year where our strategy to mitigate these high input costs was proven successful. Actually, what made the post year remarkable is that we believe we have decisively crossed the threshold to establish The Dow Chemical Company as a strong, reliable, and consistent earnings growth company. Those of you who have followed us in the past know this. One of my goals since becoming CEO has been to eradicate the word trough from the lexicon of those describing The Dow Chemical Company. The strategic actions we've set into motion thus far when completed will allow us to fulfill that singular goal of avoiding future ethylene industry troughs. Now, let me take a moment to step back and outline for you where we are with our strategy and illustrate how over the past several years we arrived at what I have consider the most important phase, the most exciting era in the history of our company as we move to an earnings growth company. There are two areas in particular where I want to focus your attention, two areas in which we asked you to hold us accountable, and over the next few minutes I want to review what we said, this is what we did. We said we would actively manage our portfolio and we said we would continue to drive financial fitness. When it comes to actively managing our portfolio, we're focused on three broad areas. We said we would actively manage our portfolio by divesting or shutting down non-competitive, unproductive, or non-strategic assets. Since 2003, we have announced 92 plant shutdowns, we have announced 42 site exits, and we've divested 38 businesses. Second, we said wed pursue acquisitions when it made financial and strategic sense. In 2007 alone, we completed the Wolff Walsrode acquisition, completed four acquisitions for Dow AgroSciences, completed three acquisitions in Epoxy Systems, and three more in Polyurethane. While these are bolt-on acquisitions, they do build on and strengthen our selective and strong M&A track record, a record that includes earlier acquisitions such as Union Carbide Rohm & Haas agricultural business. Here is a reminder on this slide of the value created by those two examples of Dow's successful M&A activity. When we announced the Union Carbide transaction, wed committed we committed to achieve $500 million in cost synergies, about 8% of Carbides sales. In fact, we captured more than $1 billion in cost synergies within two years of closing that transaction. While some of Carbide's assets turned out to be less valuable than originally expected because of the dramatic change in US energy costs. The rise in energy costs made other carbide assets even more valuable through access to advantaged feedstocks in Canada, Malaysia, and the Middle East. In fact, the EQUATE joint venture in Kuwait opened the door to significant new opportunities in the Middle East, including the joint venture we announced in December. The acquisition of Rohm & Haas' agricultural business was equally dramatic, giving us both cost and growth synergies, and it is now an important part of profitable growth in our Dow AgroSciences business. The final comment I will make on portfolio management is on the actions taken in our Basics portfolio. We said we will pursue our asset-light strategy by joint venturing some of our Basics businesses with partners who had access to advantaged feedstocks or to growth markets or both. We've said that we had a unique opportunity due to our globality, our technology, and our strong franchises, to do what no one else in the industry could do, which is grow these businesses in a new hydrocarbon reality and to lessen the cyclical impact on the rest of Dow. I'm sure each of you is aware of our December announcement concerning our joint venture with Petrochemical Industries Company of Kuwait to do just that. We also pursued other new projects on our Basics side in 2007 with Saudi Aramco in Saudi Arabia, with Shenhua Energy in China, and Gazprom and SIBUR in Russia, just to name of few, that allowed us to take advantage of this joint venture model while also retaining the competitive advantage of site and product integration. The joint venture with PIC is an incredibly important part of our strategy because it gives new life and preserves global leadership to those businesses that were the most susceptible to the ethylene cycle. By joint venturing these assets, we give them access to advantaged feedstocks and new opportunities to grow in emerging and mature geographies, a win-win for Dow and our partner. The main point here is that we have actively managed our portfolio over the past several years with the goals to improve and strengthen our performance businesses through acquisitions and to provide profitable growth opportunities to our Basics businesses. Active portfolio management is only part of the financial discipline institutionalized by this management team. We also made a pledge to our shareholders that we will drive financial discipline fitness, and we have followed through on that promise. Our balance sheet is as strong today as it's ever been. As an example, I draw your attention to our commitment to reduce our financial obligations. Over the last five years, we spent $7 billion to reduce on and off-balance sheet debt and to make voluntary contributions to our pension funds. Today, our total debt-to-capital is a healthy 32%, down from 59% at the beginning of 2003. We feel comfortable with that leverage ratio and we are now using cash to invest for growth and to enumerate our shareholders. On the issue of cash for growth, you heard about the acquisitions we have made so far. I want to point out that we have been extremely disciplined. We have in fact walked away from many, many deals available to us, why, because they were over-priced, they didn't add value, and we could make better use of the cash, better use such as the dividend, which has been maintained or raised for 95 years, that's 385 consecutive quarters. Since January of 2006, we've also raised the dividend by 25%, or our share buyback program where we have repurchased 50 million shares since January of 2006 and we are committed to at least cover dilution going forward, perhaps small. I'll get to that in a moment. We are also using cash to fund our capital program. Since 2003, we have invested 80% of our new capacity capital in our strategic performance and new market facing businesses. And as mentioned earlier, we're still growing our Basics franchises too, but we are doing so through our asset-light model. The key takeaway that I'll leave with you is that this management team has shown a consistency of intent and consistency of action that is showcased by our discipline and clinical approach to managing our portfolio and driving financial fitness throughout the company. We have been very deliberate with the overriding intent to grow value, not consume it, and to be patient and preserve our options so as to transform the portfolio. I want to point out that as a result of all the strategic actions and discipline I just mentioned, in our view we're now poised to move away from the ethylene driven troughs that have plagued our earnings profile for so long. In fact we believe we are now moving to an earnings growth company. To be an earnings growth company, we have to have huge earnings power at the industry trough. Let's review why trough earnings are in our view no longer an issue for Dow. Last year, we committed we would at least earn the cost of capital, which is between $2 and $3, at the next industry trough. Well, we believe we are there based on all the actions taken so far and with the deployment of funds from our PIC joint venture, plus new earnings from innovation that short of a major meltdown in the global economy that our earnings will be positioned well north of the cost of capital in the near future with significant upside going forward. We'll either live share buybacks and/or accretive acquisitions, so that we do not experience the ethylene trough. Instead what you'll see is the company delivering consistent earnings growth over the long-term. What does that mean? It means that our earnings reach has been lifted to well north of $3 per share and that we will not experience the trough in 2010, '11. The PIC joint venture may well be the most dramatic and exciting deal in Dow's storied history. Why, firstly there will now be new growth potential for those businesses we're putting into the joint venture. Secondly is the aforementioned new financial flexibility for the remaining core of our company. By building on the strength of PIC's parent company, the Kuwait Petroleum Company, the company mainly is positioned as a top ten global energy company with advantaged feedstocks, will give new life to our polyolefins franchise with the ability to grow in both developed and emerging geographies. This JV remains on track to close by the end of this year. When the JV with PIC closes, and we have absolute confidence that it will, we expect it to deliver to Dow $9.5 billion in pretax cash. Combined with our already strong balance sheet, that provides us with enormous financial flexibility to complete the next step in our transformation. Now, the next question, and again a fair one, is how will we wield this financial strength and flexibility so as to deliver growth and transform the earnings profile of the company. Well, my answer is this, with the same disciplined approach we have in the past. Expect nothing less than a commitment on our part to continue evaluating every option against our ultimate goal of growing shareholder value. Second, and in particular, we will continue to look for and pursue smaller bolt-on acquisitions as well as medium and large transactions, but, and this is an important but, we will proceed only if they fit the disciplined set of criteria we established several years ago. First, they must fit our strategy to be a performance market facing company with businesses that are truly margin and value add as articulated in December, our four broad areas of focus, our human health, energy, infrastructure and transportation, and electronics and communications. More on this topic at our Investor Day. Second, any acquisition we make must be accretive to earnings by the end of its second year of operation. And third, we will measure any potential acquisition against the yardstick of a share buyback and the value that represents. With a dividend yield of 4.5%, almost a full percent above the ten-year treasury bond I might point out, we feel our stock is an exceptional value and an attractive option given our strong balance sheet, given our strong dividend, given the fact that the three best earnings performances in our company's history have come in the last three years, given our ability to do what we say we will do. Given all of that, we believe that current stock price is definitely undervalued. This is especially true, given my statements on the earnings profile going forward. And please note that after the PIC JV closes, we will have a very strong cash position to fuel a share buyback if we want to versus our other options. Repeat, we will do share buybacks if we cannot find accretive M&A. As I've said earlier, we have already crossed the threshold and are on the path to that transformation. Our Basics businesses are moving to a new JV model and our Performance market-facing portfolio, which has delivered earnings growth above 8% over the last cycle, is rock solid and we are adding to it organically and vie bolt-on M&A. Therefore, the only question now is, how quickly can we complete our transformation. As you heard me say, I believe 2008 will be a transformation year for us, as share buyback and continued investment in organic growth gets us to that transformation in one time frame. If we find the right acquisition target or targets, and I want to stress the word if, it would only accelerate the transformation and accelerate the value creation for our shareholders. The disciplined employment of cash is the key to the speed of the transformation. We will be disciplined in our stewardship of our cash as we have shown to be over the last several years. With either option available to us, our trough earnings look different. We are on average north of $3 per share, and either of the above two actions takes us well north of this number. Before I close my comments, let me address in as crisp a way as I can what you have been telling us over the past month or so. What we're hearing is that you have uncertainties about Dow's path forward and therefore the stock. You're concerned about the ethylene cycle and about whether we will make a major dilutive acquisition. You're concerned with a possible impact to our earnings due to a weak US economy, as well as the continuing high cost of hydrocarbons and energy. And finally, we have heard concerns about our ability to close the joint venture with PIC. What Ive tried to do today in these 20 minutes or so is to address each of those black clouds and give you our response. Concerning the ethylene cycle, we believe we have given ourselves immunity. We have a new portfolio, we have announced numerous joint ventures on our Basic side especially the PIC joint venture, and we have taken several significant actions on our Performance side since the last cycle. Concerning the possibility of doing a major dilutive acquisition, I've demonstrated our past M&A track record and shared with you our strict criteria for any future acquisitions, which have already led us to walk away from to walk away from numerous deals. On the question of the US economy, if it deteriorates I'd remind you that we have two-thirds of our sales outside the United States. Combine that with our strong portfolio and joint ventures, layer on top our demonstrated financial discipline and plan or deploy cash, and you can see that we are in very good shape to weather a US economic downturn. High hydrocarbon energy costs are of course on everyone's minds. Here, I would again point to our joint ventures such as the one with KPC/PIC, which give our basis of joint businesses advantaged feedstocks, while also allowing Dow to redefine its portfolio. Actions like this help us alleviate those high hydrocarbon energy costs. And finally, as Ive said, we will close on the KPC/PIC joint venture. The fact that the major issues have already been addressed in our MOU paid with strong commitments from our partner give me the confidence to say that we will close that deal. The key takeaway I want to leave with you is that we hear your concerns, and we believe we have the right strategy in place to answer and dismiss each one of them resulting in a Dow Chemical Company with significant earnings and valuation upside. So I will close by giving you a view of what to expect from us in 2008. First, you can continue to expect us to run a tight ship, just as this management team has always done. And naturally, we are watching the US economy. Housing, employment levels, energy, are all ongoing concerns that suggests the US economy could go further south, especially through the first half of the year. My belief however, this is more a crisis of faith and not a crisis of markets, and as I stated the last week to the media, there are no signs of a recession in our production chains. Plus right now, we're seeing almost all the weakness limited to the United States, and I'd remind you that our company has great geographic diversity with two-thirds of our sales outside of the US and growing. While a continued downturn in the United States is definitely not a positive, we are well positioned to weather that storm. This is still a no-excuses company and we will manage our day-to-day business to deliver solid financial results. I think we have proven that. Second, in 2008, we will close on our venture with PIC and move forward toward implementing our other joint ventures. But that progress will not be affected or interrupted by our joint venture with PIC. I am really heartened here as I talk with our other partners, both our long-term partners as well as our newer ones. But they remain very positive about our mutual futures working together and see the PIC JV as an enhancer of our position. Note, the Saudi Aramco JV is relatively unaffected by the product mix in that joint venture with PIC. Thirdly, you can expect us in 2008 to finalize the transformation of our earnings profile, and just to repeat and to reassure, we will not rush into a bad deal. The last time I checked, cash didn't have an expiration date. In summary, I am committed that by the end of 2008 we will have taken another major step to transform our earnings profile. We will close on our joint venture with PIC this year, and if there is not an acquisition target that fits in our criteria we reserve the right to initiate a share buyback. Either way, my stake in the ground to our shareholders is that with the next industry trough The Dow Chemical Company will have an earnings profile that is well north of $3 per share and we will provide steady earnings growth beyond that point. Last year at this time, I said that 2007 would be a defining year for The Dow Chemical Company. Well, I want to be on record to say that 2008 will be a transformational year for this great company, on par with our move to Texas in the 40s, the moves internationally in the 60s, and the move to Plastics in the 70s and 80s. This powerful company has been and will continue to be a growth company, and now it is positioned towards to also be a consistent earnings growth company. Thank you very much. Let me turn this back to Kathy and then open it up for questions.
Kathleen C. Fothergill: Thanks, Andrew. That wraps up our prepared remarks. For your reference, a copy of these remarks will be posted on Dow's website later today. Now, we'll move on to your questions. Before we do though, I'd like to remind you that my comments on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both our prepared remarks and to anything that may come up during the Q&A. Michelle, would you please explain the Q&A procedure? Question and Answer
Operator: Sure. [Operator Instructions]. And well take our first question from Don Carson at Merrill Lynch.
Donald Carson: Yes, thank you. Andrew, a question on future earnings growth. I can certainly understand how you've removed the I guess we don't want to use the word trough, but certainly you have improved your earnings at the bottom of the cycle. But if you look at the growth in your Performance businesses, particularly if you strip out some of the JVs like Dow Corning, I mean, A, the margins have not been that strong, and B, are your products really differentiated enough to give you that kind of topline growth that will enable you meet your 10% earnings growth goal?
Andrew N. Liveris: We thank you, Don. Yes, we as you know and you have it in your slide there, we showed a slide last year that showed the contributions of all the actions wed taken even before the PIC joint venture was announced, on the Performance portfolio. Our assessment is that especially in businesses like Polyurethane, Epoxy, Specialty Plastics, of course, Dow AgroSciences, and the market facing businesses that we have been launching like Dow Water and others, not counting any of the new ones, that we actually are creating a part of the Performance business mix that is now more in the Specialties side than on the hydrocarbon sensitive side. And we have taken very conservative assumptions in the buildup to get us north of $3 on what those Performance businesses will do. As we added built-on acquisitions to some of them, like in design polymers and Cellulosics Wolff for example, the Epoxy was also ones I mentioned, we have been adding those in as we have been doing them to show that actually we have a very conservative topline assumption on the Performance businesses for the so called industry trough in 10, 11, actually that is the only variable there, but a very conservative one compared to history and a very conservative one compared to what we have been able to demonstrate these businesses can do at the true value add-in like Urethane Systems, like Water, like Epoxy Systems and all those. So frankly, we believe we have a conservative set of assumptions, and compared to '01, '02, it's almost an irrelevant comparison. All those other businesses at costs inclusive of Dow Corning were not contributing at all, that were fairly broken, and it's really all the actions we have taken to fix some and to add to them that give us the confidence to answer your question affirmatively.
Donald Carson: Just as a follow-up, what percentage your performance businesses have you considered truly Specialty versus I mean there is a still a lot of what I would call differentiated commodities in there like some of your building products offerings?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, for sure we have, the $24 billion, $25 billion that is core performance in both the segments. I've been on record to say that a year or so ago, it split itself about a third, third, third, a third true specialties, a third neither true specialty nor true differentiated commodity, and the other third more being intermediates. That number of a third is rapidly moving to a half with all the organic stuff we're doing. If you look at slide 23, you'll see that we actually haven't taken much credit for innovation for these 600 products we have in R&D, most of them in that first third and second third. We believe by 2010 or '11, two-thirds of that portfolio will be true specialty without any big M&A.
Donald Carson: Fine. Just a question on that quarter, the ag earnings were not much above last year, and I know there was a bit of shift in the Q3. But given the strength that some of your competitors reported in South America in Q4, I would have expected a somewhat stronger number of what happened in Latin America, did Dow AgroSciences lose competitive position?
Andrew N. Liveris: No, quite the contrary, Latin America was very strong for us. I think it was really what you nailed in your question, which is the forward buying in North America that mitigated the impact in the fourth. You can the second half combined, Dow AgroSciences had a great second half, and I'd say that was true North America and Latin America. In fact, the real issue not issue, the real opportunity at Dow AgroScience is the organic growth I just mentioned in your previous question, which is we're putting new R&D resources and new selling resources to gain extra share, especially as SmartSpecs comes around the corner and other innovative things that they are doing. So we've just increased size, that's why the earnings were down, but overall we're quite fine with where Dow AgroScience is on its topline.
Donald Carson: Thank you, Andrew.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Don.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Mark Connelly with Credit Suisse.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. This is Neils Watson [ph] for Mark Connelly.
Andrew N. Liveris: Hi, Neils.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This morning you also announced Dow also a major capital investment program in it's chlor-alkali business at Freeport. Freeport is obviously one of the big your biggest chlor-alkali sites around. So I was hoping you could tell me exactly how much of this site will be sort of coming down? I know that there is going to be some net capacity closures. And then also, would you explain to me how this expansion for excuse me Brownfield buildout fits in with your asset-light strategy?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, I think again your question frames the answer pretty well, which is that there are some end-of-life assets in Freeport. The new chlorine [inaudible] project we announced today has been in the works for sometime to support our Performance businesses. In essence, the net is were down 430,000 tons of capacity. So all of that is in the commodity side of the chlorine equation. But having said that, we have also struck this new deal with Shintech. We are very excited by it. And frankly, it does really continue the multi-decade relationship weve had with them, but also allows us to build new chlorine for our Performance businesses. The energy equation in Texas, and for that matter, the United States, means you can't really export. So we're not in that game, but [inaudible] for market consumption here in the United States for the value-add specialties.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. And then just on the Polyethylene side, North America in 2007 almost looks like it is heading into the trough and it's certainly been helped by exports, 20% to 30% export growth in polyethylene. What do you see sort of happening in 2008 with capacity coming on in the latter half of 2009, given your 2010, 2011 trough model?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, we've always seen '08 even with more information from a market point of view, '08 has been a year, which is still strong for Polyethylene. And I would tell you, we haven't changed our view given all these current market circumstances. When we look at the granularity of the end-use markets in North America such as packaging for food, etcetera, agricultural uses, in fact we see actually strong growth. So there may be some downs in some markets, but it's mitigated by ups and of course as you just said, helped by exports. But even market consumption in North America was truly reasonably good. And we view that '08 will not be a supply exceed demand year on a global basis.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you very much.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Neils.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Good morning.
Andrew N. Liveris: Hi, Jeff. Good morning.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: I thought the results in Basic Plastics were remarkably strong given your raw material cost-push. Is it the case that those results would've been down materially if it weren't for the improved profitability of your Canadian operations.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, Canada like some other companies talked about helped us a lot, but I would tell you Jeff, bottom line what you saw in fourth quarter for Dow is what we've been doing for three or four years. Our sales people, our marketers, especially on the basic sideway, the linkage between input and output is so close, have blocked and tackled all the way through the quarter to get the price coverage of raw material increase, as Kathy said in her remarks, the highest in our history. And so I am very proud of what our team has done to get the Basics margin intact despite that massive surge.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: I guess if I can just my second question, there was the $113 million tax benefit for EQUATE by changing its legal structure, can you explain what that is?
Geoffery E. Merszei: Yes, Jeff. This is your namesake Geoffrey here. It just simply represents a simplified legal structure. I guess this is an opportunity to combine these JVs that are located in Kuwait for the future. That's all.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: So where does that tax benefit come from, in which geographic jurisdiction, and why?
Geoffery E. Merszei: The tax benefit comes from more efficient uses of future tax credit foreign tax credits.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: In the US?
Geoffery E. Merszei: Well, ultimately in the US, but we get the benefit via our legal structures in Europe.
Kathleen C. Fothergill: The holding company for the joint venture is now a European company.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Is it Swiss?
Geoffery E. Merszei: No, it's Dutch.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from PJ Juvekar with Citi.
Prashant Juvekar: Yes. Hi, good morning.
Andrew N. Liveris: Good morning, PJ.
Geoffery E. Merszei: Good morning.
Prashant Juvekar: I was wondering if you could make some comments on the chlorine complex or chlor-alkali complex? Chlorine is weak due to PVC, but caustic seems to be going up. So how do you see that playing out in 2008?
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, I think you summarized it quite well, but the caustic side of it is very strong and continues to exhibit strength. But when we look at all the markets that consume caustic aluminum, notably pulp and paper, they're still showing great strength, PJ. Chlorine from a consequential point of view is showing some weakness because of housing here in the United States and pipe in particular, but of course the weak US dollars is helping US-based producers do some exporting, of course notably our partner, Shintech. So I would tell you that the prognosis on the caustic side is good and prognosis on the chlorine side, I mean its good volume but it's not high margin.
Prashant Juvekar: Okay. And secondly, if I look at your contribution from commodities and specialties, today it's about 50:50 if you fold the PIC deal.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes.
Prashant Juvekar: And that will change after the deal, but to eradicate the word trough, what do you think should be the earnings contribution from commodities? Is it more like 25% or less?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. At the topline it's a very deceptive breakdown. There is analog to what we're doing because of that joint ventures. Id like to think of that new joint ventures on the Basic side as Specialty companies of their own right, because of their low-cost position. So these are super commodities. Some new term we have to invent for them because their equity earnings the equity earnings increase you are seeing in our company is coming because we have an ability now to factor in from these new joint ventures, of which there's more of them coming. As you know in our inventory what we're going to bring on in the next five years. So as we look to the 11, 12 and see continual increase on the bottom line coming from there, it is a little bit hard to go to the topline where they are not consolidated and say, well, what's the basic performance split. But if you stay on a non-consolidated basis, PJ, and do an analog and if were two-thirds, one-third post PIC, I think we're very, very close to that range. Anything north of 70% as a kind of analog to give you a kind of an indicator shows you this company would look more like a specialty company or let's call it earnings growth company rather than giving a term like specialty.
Prashant Juvekar: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Peter Butler [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. I just have one I guess several-part question. Looking at your joint ventures and your equity income, it seems that you really haven't had a normal quarter off late. Youve had outages, maintenance, etcetera, etcetera, etcetera, and you're also in the process of starting up your EQUATE too. So I'm wondering, what will a normal quarter look like after you EQUATE up and running?
Andrew N. Liveris: After the new Kuwait joint venture, Peter?
Unidentified Analyst: No, after your EQUATE II.
Andrew N. Liveris: Oh, Olefins II, okay. Yes, well normal is an interesting word to use around these days. I dont know if I can define what a normal quarter looks like any more, but if you take the last four years or three years and have a look at the way we've been running on the equity side, you'll see we've been close to $1 billion and now we are over $1 billion. So with EQUATE II or the second expansion of the QUATE, Olefins II, I think you can start to see numbers well north of $1 billion paid on an annual basis. Now, dividing that by four you start to get into the issues that you just started talking about, which is there is going to be an outage year of plan one there, etcetera, etcetera. In the fourth quarter, as you read, we had optimal.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. What in your discussions with EQUATE, it seems to me that you probably have some opportunities to incrementally expand EQUATE I and II. And I think also is an EQUATE III something on the back burner or front burner, so where do you think the Kuwait investments are going to go?
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, I think our relationship in Kuwait Petroleum, PIC, of course we took the Carbide relationship as you heard me say in remarks, and weve posted to second project. EQUATE has been working on their north gas fields. There is no question that there is a possibility for a third. And then if you take out Kuwait joint venture we just announced, which is of course oriented to not just in Kuwait, but beyond Kuwait with refinery streams and feedstock liquids place, we think out Kuwait expansion will come two ways. One will be onshore Kuwait with a for potential further expansion based on gas, and offshore Kuwait in terms of liquids.
Unidentified Analyst: Well, that offshore Kuwait really hasn't paid too much attention to exploring offshore because you had so much onshore.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: But that is right in between the offshore Iraq and the gas fields in further south at Iran and I forgot, that Qatar has?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, I'm not [inaudible] offshore gas. I'm talking, in India, in China, with refinery products, youre right about that gas, its onshore mostly.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Well, thanks for that help, guys.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Peter.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Frank Mitsch with BB&T Capital Markets
Frank Mitsch: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew N. Liveris: Good morning, Frank.
Frank Mitsch: Thank you for that rousing state of the Dow union.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you.
Frank Mitsch: You mentioned in the beginning that the fourth quarter was record in terms of hydrocarbon costs. How do you see that trending into 2008?
Andrew N. Liveris: We basically like everyone else have our crystal ball going in major scenarios, and we see the stubbornly high numbers staying in the 85, 95 band into the first quarter, second quarter, and then tailing off into the third and fourth. So the average for the years in the 80 to 85 range, but we have got scenarios around either aside to that. That scenario speaks to continual US softness eventually affecting commodities.
Frank Mitsch: And as you monitor your efforts to offset the stubbornly hydrocarbon cost I'm not wanting to put words in your mouth, but would it not be would it be surprising or would it not be surprising to see margin improvements on a sequential basis as you implement price increases to offset these hydrocarbons?
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, we have always said that if we have stable inclines, we can raise prices more consistently. Its the ups and downs that kill us on the performance side and on the basic side too to an extent. So if the incline is as I just said, then you are not putting words in my mouth, but I guess the bet is well have volatility or well have an incline.
Frank Mitsch: Okay. And coming back to the discussion about Dow being an earnings growth company, and you clearly outlined the case that we shouldn't see the sort of fall off that we have seen in the past. Is that something that we can look to into 2008, 2009 time frame in terms of earnings growth?
Andrew N. Liveris: Short of a major meltdown in US recession, that's the way we are talking.
Frank Mitsch: All right. Terrific. Thank you.
Andrew N. Liveris: Sorry, what Frank said what I wanted to make show you understood is that we are talking north of $3 in the context of the next several years.
Operator: And we will take our next question from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Good morning. Andrew?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes.
David Begleiter: I'm sorry. Youve kept most of your ethylene crackers within the company. I obviously believe in the value of integration. Would you ever consider either monetizing a proportion of those ethylene assets to draw some cash out or maintain the value of integration in the company?
Andrew N. Liveris: The infrastructure aspect of the multiple streams out of our liquids crackers makes that very difficult day when Id say the gas crackers were relatively aligned to the ethylene molecule. So how we have done it is trying to fundamentally allow that to be more of an infrastructure leverage point, but that we control how the integration occurs rather than putting it into a joint venture. So I think the opportunity to monetize is fairly limited because most of the other product streams are very key to our performance businesses.
David Begleiter: Understood. And just on the question of M&A versus share buybacks, how long will you wait to deploy the cash if you do not find an accretive acquisition? Is it '08, is it '09, or is it later?
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, I think I was very clear in my prepared remarks. I think this year we are going to have to cross the river, so to speak. It really we've been very disciplined on the share buyback and dividend increases. Weve had lots of organic growth that we are funding. You can see that in our expense increase. Weve done some bolt-ons. We have targets we are interested in, but frankly if they are not at the right price, then we will just go to the deep old strategy and just keep increasing remuneration of our shareholders and that won't be several years out, that will be this year.
Geoffery E. Merszei: And in the mean time, we will continue our buyback program. We spent in 2007 about $1.4 billion and I indicated earlier last year that our target to complete the $2 billion program is by mid-next year, and we have about $850 million still outstanding on that program. So that's the for this year, so that's the minimum that you can count on.
David Begleiter: Thank you very much.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Sergey Vasnetsov with Lehman Brothers.
Sergey Vasnetsov: Good morning.
Andrew N. Liveris: Hi, Sergey.
Sergey Vasnetsov: It seems with excess security, it takes time just like at the airport, we need to check a couple of hours earlier, its true. So I noticed that you started with appropriate term for definition of your very specialty I mean recent events and products. So, Andrew, I have a few names for you, I could license them on very reasonable terms without canceling.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Sergey.
Sergey Vasnetsov: My question is on slide 22. I think Geoffery just mentioned a second ago that you still have about $1 billion program, which was authorized last year and which presumably youd be looking to, actually given where the share price is right now. The option number one here, share buyback, in addition to existing program I understand that you are not going to make an announcement today as far the size and timing was. Can you give us some rough idea, is it going to be on the order of $29 [ph] or it's larger?
Geoffery E. Merszei: Well, I mean we will as we complete our current program, we will obviously, I would say, by the again depending on how rapidly we execute the existing $800 million, $850 million, so between now and middle mid-year we will announce another program. I think when Andrew was referring to our priority is as an accretive M&A in order to complete our strategy our transformational strategy, in the event that does not happen, then I think you can count on a sizeable buyback program, which you can relate to the proceeds of our asset-light ballot.
Sergey Vasnetsov: Understood. And a related question, what would be appropriate range for Dow Chemical debt leverage in light of the new vision of the company more stable, faster growing, etcetera?
Geoffery E. Merszei: Well, I mean, we have historically said, Sergey, that 40% is kind of the level from a historical perspective. But I think that with a profile a business profile that is less cyclical, more consistent, more predictable, then of course you earn yourself the right to have a more leveraged kind of a capital structure. So I would say that by the time you had but youve got to earn it. So by the time you get to that new business profile that Andrew was making reference to, then I think I would be more comfortable with a level slightly above that 40. But I think first we have to get that profile.
Sergey Vasnetsov: Understood. Thank you.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Sergey.
Operator: We will take our next question from Kevin Mccarthy at Bank of America.
Kevin Mccarthy: Yes, good morning.
Andrew N. Liveris: Good morning.
Kevin Mccarthy: Question relates to the cyclical trajectory of your Basic Chemicals segment. Profitability peaked here fairly early in 2004 and it's been eroding in a very gradual fashion each of the last three years. But today, you alluded to strength in ethylene glycol, we've seen strength in caustic soda, and this morning you are obviously taking capacity out of the Gulf Coast on a net basis in a fairly meaningful fashion. So as you look ahead over the next two or three years, Andrew, do you think we're presently above levels of normal profitability, below, and what's your outlook for the cyclical path in that peace of the portfolio?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, I have used this key analogy several times. I think we've gone on the commodity downcycle. We've got a prolonged ridge. So it's a gentle green, not a double black diamond. So that suggests Im sorry for who [inaudible] I am not, but anyway it works you. Hopefully, you will see then that the reason what you just said is driven mostly by overseas growth, strong growth, the emergence of the Chinese consumer as well as the Chinese exporter. And I think that overseas growth as witnessed by our own results is keeping commodities petrochemical commodities fairly strong. And I would say I think the gentle green, not abrupt declines.
Kevin Mccarthy: And then, a follow-up question if I may on research and development. It looks like it was up about 15% year-over-year in the fourth quarter, so stable as a percentage of sales, but rising fairly significantly in nominal terms there. Can you update us on the components of your spend, some of the more interesting things you're working on, and what the outlook is for that line item in '08?
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, clearly the youve noticed the absolute dollars rising, were proportionately of course increasing it to businesses like AgroSciences and our Performance Specialty businesses, our market-facing units. We have some interesting stuff going on in alternative energy such as our building integrated photovoltaics program, which is a new way to get solar into our house. We have added diesel particulate filter project, which is a new material that decreases backpressure and reduces diesel emission, and actually not to take much more time in the call, we detailed about 600 of these projects, most of them in the performance area. On slide 23, you'll see that yellow part of the chart, that's $2 billion of new EBIT on a risk-adjusted basis from that pipeline by 2011. But the time we get to our Investor Day, we'll have a lot of things to say about those specifics.
Kevin Mccarthy: Great. Thank you very much.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Kevin.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Hassan Ahmed at HSBC.
Hassan Ahmed: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew N. Liveris: Good morning.
Hassan Ahmed: How are you doing?
Andrew N. Liveris: Good, thank you.
Hassan Ahmed: Quick question on the PIC deal, now clearly valuations for chemical companies globally have come down fairly steeply over the last couple of weeks and months and this clearly has been the case in the Middle East as well. Now, is the pricing for the PIC deal fairly iron clad? Meaning can we assume that despite what global valuations have done the deal price should not change?
Andrew N. Liveris: Exactly you should assume that, and we took out time to get this deal done mostly because the discussion was long cycled, not instantaneous. I mean our partner is very knowledgeable on petroleum and long cycle investments that are in petrochemicals already of course through us. They understood that this wasn't a point-in-time valuation. This was a valuation based on returns that this new enterprise will give over the long cycle and it's a win for them, a win for us, and a win for the JV. So you can assume that, yes.
Hassan Ahmed: Superb. Thank you so much.
Kathleen C. Fothergill: And I think we will have to take our last question. We are over time a little bit.
Operator: And we will take our final question from Scott Burk at Bear Stearns.
Scott Burk: Hi. [inaudible]. I just wanted to ask about the timing of the price increase that you talked about for the Specialty Plastics and Chemicals businesses, when can we expect those margins to improve over the next few months, quarters?
Andrew N. Liveris: The year-on-year comparisons in both performance businesses were hard, because fourth-quarter of '06 had a hydrocarbon decline and so the margins expanded and of course in fourth quarter of '07, we have had this massive run-up and the performance businesses, it just did not have the time to get the prices to stick as Kathy said in her remarks. With the high hydrocarbon number staying around, Scott, we can expect that in the first quarter and second quarter those prices to start sticking unless hydrocarbons drop.
Scott Burk: Okay, thanks.
Kathleen C. Fothergill: Okay. Well, thank you very much. I'd like to thank all of you for joining us on this call. And we look forward to talking with you on our next conference call in April. Good-bye.
Operator: We thank you for your participation, and have a nice day.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to The Dow Chemical Companys thirdquarter results conference call.  Todayscall is being recorded.  At this time, Iwould like to turn the call over to the Corporate Director of InvestorRelations, Ms. Kathy Fothergill.  Pleasego ahead, Maam.
Kathleen Fothergill: Good morning, everyone and welcome.  As usual, were making this call available toinvestors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company and anyredistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form withoutDows express written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dows Chairmanand CEO; Geoffery Merszei, Dows Executive Vice President and Chief FinancialOfficer; and Jeff Tate, Manager in Investor Relations. Around 6:30 thismorning, October 25th, our earnings release went out on PR Newswire and wasposted on the Internet on Dows website, Dow.com.  Weve prepared some slides to supplement ourcomments on this conference call and the slides are posted on our websiteavailable on the presentations page of the Investor Relations section orthrough the link to our webcast. As you know, some of our comments today may includestatements about our expectations for the future.  Those expectations involve risks anduncertainties.  We cant guarantee theaccuracy of any forecast or estimates, and we dont plan to update anyforward-looking statements during the quarter. If youd like more information on the risks involved in forward-lookingstatements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAPfinancial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAPfinancial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in ourearnings release or on our website. Our earnings release as well as recent10-Qs, 10-Ks and annual reports are available on the Internet at Dow.com in thefinancial reports page of the Investor Relations section. Now starting with the agenda on slide 3, Geoffery will leadoff with an overview of the third quarter. Ill discuss the results of ouroperating segments, then Geoffery will update you on actions weve taken toadvance our strategy and describe Dows outlook for the months ahead. Afterthat, well move to your questions for Andrew and Geoffery. Now Geoffery, lets move to slide 4 and your comments.
Geoffery Merszei: Thank you, Kathy and good morning, everyone.  This was another strong quarter for Dow.Adjusted for the non-tax items highlighted in our press release, pre-tax incomewas $1.1 billion, down slightly from $1.2 billion in the same period last year. Now year over year, volume was up 5%, the strongest growthin three years, led by Europe, Asia Pacific and Latin America. Price was also up 5%, with solid gains in all operatingsegments. Now these higher prices, combined with the benefit of volumeincreases, meant we were able to overcome the impact of ever-rising feedstockand energy costs. Our joint ventures continue to deliver outstanding results. Inshort, our business fundamentals for the quarter were solid. So given the underlying strength, why was pre-tax incomelower? Well, there were two factors. First, as expected, we saw higheroperating expenses as we moved forward with our strategy to invest for growthin our performance portfolio. We supported newly acquired businesses, weincreased investments in innovation, and we enhanced our market capabilitiesfor long-term growth. Second and to a lesser extent, we had the negative impactof some plant outages. Let me provide a few highlights from the quarter, which youwill find detail on slide 4. Sales increased 10% from the same period lastyear, the largest year-over-year percentage gain for two years, setting a newquarterly record of $13.6 billion. Geographically, we saw double-digit sales growth in Europe,Asia Pacific and Latin America. With such strong growth,the regions outside the U.S.now account for more than 65% of Dows global revenues.  Including our share of sales from jointventures that number in fact is now more than 70%, and we saw a major increasein feedstock and energy costs, up almost $400 million year over year. This quarter, Dows feedstock and energy bill topped $6billion for the first time in the companys history.  Consider this: in 1999, we paid just $6.1billion for the entire year and this includes purchases for both Dow and Union Carbide.Now looked at another way, the cost of feedstock and energy has climbed fromconsuming 23% of our net sales to the current 44% year-to-date. Now our strategy addresses this significant challenge on twofronts.  In the long term, were buildingour portfolio of joint ventures with access to low-cost feedstocks. Shorter term,we are focused on controlling the things that we can control best: aggressiveaction to maintain our margins, tight expense management, and a sharp focus onfinancial discipline across every aspect of our operations. In this regard,capital spending in the third quarter was $519 million, higher than the sameperiod a year ago but fully in line with expectations.  It brings our year-to-date total to $1.3billion, keeping us within our full-year $2 billion target. Turning to earnings, there are some items this quarter whichmay distract a little from our ongoing performance.  Let me offer some clarity on slide 5.  Our reported earnings for the third quarterwere $0.42 per share, an amount that includes a few key items I believe worth highlighting. First, a pre-tax charge of $59 million, or $0.04 a share,for purchase, process, research and development related to recent acquisitions,primarily on the ag side.  But moresignificantly, the third quarter earnings also included a charge to theprovisions for income taxes of $362 million, equivalent to $0.38 per share,arising from a change in German tax law that will lower Germanys corporate taxrate from around 37% to 28%. Now on an ongoing basis, this reduced tax rate in Germanyis clearly good news, but for the third quarter, its impact has been to reducetax loss carryforwards. Now these NOLs relate to the operating losses incurred in Germanyduring the remediation and reconstruction of our assets at BSL in the former East  Germany, which we acquired back in 1995, sothis dates back over 12 years.  Theseassets now provide the platform for growth throughout the dynamic markets of Eastern Europe. Now the new German tax rate takes effect in January of2008, but since the law was adopted during the third quarter, we recognized anadjustment to the tax loss carryforward which was in accordance with U.S. GAAPin the quarter. So as I said earlier, the good news is that starting next yearin 2008, we expect the underlying tax rate for the company as a whole to bereduced by around 0.5 percentage point. Even excluding the impact of the Germantax law change, our underlying tax rate for the third quarter was somewhathigher than weve seen for quite a while. Weve said many times that rates can vary significantly from quarter toquarter, depending on where our income is earned and events that may occurduring the quarter, so you should expect some degree of variability over time. Nevertheless, at 28% -- or fairly close to 28% --  this quarter has the highest underlying taxrate that weve seen in two years.  So ona year-to-date basis, the underlying rate is just a shade below 25%, which wasin fact the rate we suggested you use for modeling purposes.  So using that 25% rate, earnings would be$0.87 per share, the second highest third quarter earnings in Dows history. Let me now turn to the contribution from our joint ventureactivities during the quarter.  Slide 6provides some of these highlights. Equity earnings for the quarter were down 7% from last years quarterlyrecord to $296 million, while year-to-date they have climbed 14% to over $800million; $828 million to be exact.  Theseresults reflect healthy quarters for both EQUATE and MEGlobal, and continuedstrong performance at Dow Corning, which reported its seventh consecutivequarter of record sales.  Together,improvements at these businesses helped mitigate declines elsewhere, most notablyat OPTIMAL, which was hit by some operational issues during the quarter. So as you can see from this slide, cash distributions fromjoint ventures were also up year-to-date, while our cash contributions to theseventures so far this year remained minimal, as their activities are in fact largelyself-funded. During the quarter, we issued a white paper on our jointventures, which I hope helped provide greater clarity to Dows joint venturestrategy and more insight to the dynamics that shape equity earnings.  By the way, this paper is available on Dowswebsite. In summary, another sound quarter for Dow. Record quarterlysales with substantial growth in Europe, Asia Pacificand Latin America. Solid price increases across everybusiness and in every geographic region. Strong volume improvements in mostoperating segments and a robust and consistent stream of equity earnings. I have no doubt that our strategy is the right one and thatthe opportunities that are now being pursued across the company will deliversignificant value to our shareholders going forward.
Kathleen Fothergill: Thanks Geoffrey.  Nowstarting with slide 7, Performance Plastics had a very good quarter with recordsales on gains in both price and volume. There is continuing strength in the polyurethanes group, with year-over-yearimprovements in price, volume, and EBIT, just as it had last quarter.  We saw strong volume gains across the boardin components and in systems.  WhileNorth American demand was down, all other regions reported solid volumegains.  Strong organic growth wassupplemented by recent acquisitions: Hyperlast in Europeand Dow Izolan, our majority-owned subsidiary in Russia. Specialty Plastics and Elastomers also showed very strongvolume growth with double-digit gains in Europe, Latin America and Asia Pacific more than offsetting a decline in North America.  Wire and cable forfiber optic applications worldwide and performance elastomers for thosebrightly colored plastic clogs you see everywhere, are just two examples ofspecialty applications showing strong demand growth. This higher volume,combined with price increases, allowed the business to more than offset asignificant increase in raw material cost. On the other hand, recent industry capacity additions in theepoxy chain limited our ability to maintain margins in the face of risingcosts, and the slowdown in U.S.housing and automotive sectors dampened results for Dow Automotive and DowBuilding Solutions. Moving to slide 8, frankly the bottom line for PerformanceChemicals was disappointing, but it was the result of a few negative factorsoutweighing some good underlying performance. Within Designed Polymers, the combination of Wolff Walsrodeand Dows Water Soluble Polymers business -- now Dow Wolff Cellulosics -- hasgone extremely well.  We are seeing verygood growth in high-value pharmaceutical applications where Dows experiencewith regulated applications is critical, and in construction applications in Europe,which is one of Wolffs strengths. In this first quarter of operations,however, the business had about $20 million of one-time costs associated withthe integration of Wolff, in addition to the IPR&D charge noted in ourrelease. Dow Water Solutions is showing strong growth across itsportfolio; ion exchange resins, FILMTEC membranes and the recently acquiredOmex business in China. Results for the Specialty Chemicals portfolio sufferedbecause of a number of plant outages -- some planned, some unplanned -- whichresulted in both lower volume and higher costs during the quarter.  These included upstream outages at Seadrift, Texas and St. Charlesoperations in Louisiana, as wellas outages at OPTIMAL. Within Dow Latex, aggressive price volume management forpaper and carpet latex has improved margins, but results for specialty latexfor paints were impacted by slower industry demand. As you can see on slide 9, while third quarter is usually aseasonal low point for the ag business, Agricultural Sciences had anoutstanding quarter, consistent with what weve seen all year.  The business posted double-digit volume gainsboth in Ag Chem and in Seeds and Traits, and volume improved around theworld.  While Latin Americawas the clear growth leader in this quarter, we also saw volume growth in allother regions. Growth was driven by a combination of healthy industryconditions and Dow AgroSciences strong portfolio including spinosadinsecticide and aminopyralid herbicide. We also saw some shifting seasonal patterns with some customers in North America filling tanks earlier than in past years. Slide 10 for Basic Plastics tells a familiar story. Goodgrowth in price and volume, but some margin squeeze from significantly higherraw material costs, particularly for polyethylene.  You may remember that in the third quarter of2006, we had several things going strongly in our favor:  solid price momentum moving into that quarterwith declining feedstock prices during the quarter, which allowed us to realizesignificant margin expansion.  Thisquarter paints a different picture. With higher feedstock costs but relatively stable coalproduct values, ethylene bore the brunt of the feedstock cost increase. We hadsome price momentum early in the third quarter, but it faded in September,particularly in North America, and margins came downsignificantly versus a year ago. However, our strong global position helped offset some of that U.S.weakness.  For example, European industryconditions are much tighter, and our new train in Tarragonawas sold out less than a year after startup. Of course, the polyethylenebusiness also benefited from outstanding results at EQUATE, which isessentially protected from the global fluctuations in feedstock prices. Polypropylene results improved from last year due in part tothe absence of turnaround costs. Additionally, our polypropylene plants are essentially sold out whichallows us to be selective in seeking out higher margin business. In polystyrene, our bottom line improved as we aggressivelymanaged margins and realized some benefit from lower benzene costs. Basic Chemicals, slide 11, showed a significant EBITdecline, excluding last years restructuring charge.  The decline was almost evenly split betweenChlorVinyls and EO/EG. Within ChlorVinyls, industry conditions for caustic sodaare strong.  We saw higher price in allregions although volume growth was limited by product availability.  Unfortunately, the other half of thebusiness, VCM, was not as robust. While overall, GDP growth is an important determinant of PVCdemand, the very weak housing market in the U.S.kept a lid on prices which compresses margins when the business has to contentwith higher feedstock costs for ethylene. Industry conditionsfor EO/EG have improved significantly over the past few months due in largepart to supply constraints resulting from unplanned industry outages.  Our own volume was limited in the quarterbecause an extended planned outage at St. Charlesand a shorter unplanned outage at Seadrift. OPTIMAL also experienced an unplanned outage which reduced equityearnings for the glycol business. One final highlight, our operating rate for the quarter was90%, up 3 percentage points from the third quarter last year and the highestoperating rate in three years. That wraps up the financial review of the quarter. Now, Idlike Geoffery to take the microphone back for his update on strategy andoutlook.
Geoffery Merszei: Thank you, Kathy.  AsI mentioned at the start of this call, our performance in the third quarterprovides solid testimony to the fact that our strategy is squarely ontarget.  Slide 12 recaps the key facetsof our strategic agenda, which I know you are quite familiar with.  So let me pick out a few highlights from thepast three months that illustrate how we are putting those words into actions. Startingwith recent investments that will accelerate geographic and businessgrowth. As you can see from slide 13, 33% of sales in the thirdquarter came from products that have been introduced by Dow in the past five years.  Of course, product sales are not the only wayin which Dow is able to capture value from its past investments in technologyand innovation, as witnessed by the cross-licensing agreement that we announcedwith Monsanto during the third quarter. Monsanto, the unquestioned leader in agriculturalbiotechnology, is partnering with Dow for the licensing of SmartStax, afirst-ever eight-gene stack combination in corn. This tells us that ourresearch efforts are paying off. The ground-breaking gene technology is theresult of our steady investment in Dow AgroSciences, including investments inour in-house R&D capabilities, as well as our ability to acquire promisingtechnology very early on and at the right price. SmartStax will generate newroyalty revenues for Dow and provide an important platform for future businessgrowth as the company incorporates it into new, higher-yielding hybrid seedscombinations and stacks it with the other cutting-edge trait technologies. Were building a solid platform in the agriculturalbiotechnology space. Were doing it through acquisitions, through jointresearch agreements, by securing exclusive rights to intellectual property andthrough our own research and development efforts. In that regard, the companyonce again raised the bar during the third quarter, unveiling a new family ofHerbicide Tolerance Traits that will provide resistance to multiple classes ofherbicide in many different crop species. So let me give you two other examples of how Dow is aligningits R&D efforts to support the growth of its performance businesses. Firstin September, a Polyurethane business launched RENUVA Renewable ResourceTechnology, a process that produces bio-based polyols with high renewablecontent. These polyols have met with considerable interest from manufacturersacross a wide variety of industries. The same is true of SAFETOUCH Fiberglass-Free insulation, aPET polyester fiber batting with insulating properties of fiberglass-basedmaterials, but with one important difference -- it does not irritate skin, northroat nor eyes; in fact, it can be transported and installed without gloves,dust masks or goggles. Since being launched during the third quarter inselected DIY stores here across the United  States, the material has received hugeapproval from homeowners and the building trade. Now turning to investment for growth, slide 14. During thequarter, our Agricultural Sciences business successfully completed a number ofsmall, but strategically significant acquisitions. None of these are large butstep-by-step, we are expanding our toolkit, our know-how and our capabilitiesin plant biotechnology,- building on our strong position in this arena and, atthe same time, strengthening our channel to market. Our epoxy business also had an active quarter, signingagreements to acquire three leading epoxy systems formulators: one in Germanyand two right here in the United States.The acquisitions follow the launch of Dow Epoxy Systems earlier in the year andare designed to accelerate the growth and geographic expansion of this newbusiness. Our polyurethanes systems business also announced plans toextend its geographic reach, by acquiring Danish company Edulan, an independentpolyurethane systems house specializing in rigid foam and elastomertechnologies. The deal will enhance the businesss activities in northern Europeand bring a range of exciting new technologies to Dows PU systems businessworldwide. Investment activities through the quarter were not confinedto the acquisition of new businesses. We also announced expansions in polyolcapacity, driven by downstream demand, particularly for specialty polyols andpolyurethane system products. Now moving on to a topic which is close to my heart,financial discipline, which you will find on slide 15. Our cash flow remainedhealthy during the quarter, supporting investment activity on several fronts. Weinvested $300 million to repurchase 7.1 million shares as part of our buybackprogram, bringing the total so far this year to $1.1 billion for around 25million shares. While on the topic of shareholder remuneration, I shouldalso mention that the dividend we paid in July reflected a 12% increase weannounced back in April. We continued to invest in targeted acquisitions,bringing our year-to-date total close to $900 million, which includes ourinvestments in Wolff Walsrode and Hyperlast. Going forward, we will continue tobalance our use of cash, on one hand investing in growth through capitalexpenditures and acquisitions; on the other remunerating shareholders throughdividends and continued share repurchase. Turning to portfolio management, in addition to theacquisitions I spoke about previously, we also announced the divestment of twobusinesses: our ETHAFOAM performance foam business to Sealed Air Corporation,and our Western Canada Caustic Soda business to Univar Canada.Now both transactions are subject to regulatory approval. Finally, working capital management: Days sales outstandingin the receivables was down one day from the end of the second quarter, from alow level already to a new low of 39 days, while days sales in inventory endedthe quarter at 62 days, unchanged from the prior quarter. Working capitalmanagement, and in particular inventory management, remain an importantpriority for this organization. Now in terms of our performance against financial metrics,Dows underlying return on capital and return on equity through the first ninemonths of this year were 15% and 21% respectively, both ahead of our long-termtargets. Finally, lets turn to Dows outlook. The global economy isbecoming increasingly bi-polar. We are seeing very strong economies in Europe,Asia Pacific, and Latin America, and this strength isexpected to extend into 2008. However, the U.S. GDP growth rate is forecast tobe at 2% or less in 2008 with early signs that weakening domestic demand isextending beyond automotive and residential housing. Sound macroeconomic conditions, particularly in the emergingeconomies, will continue to support increasing demand for chemical and plasticproducts. In the fourth quarter, we expect healthy year-over-year demand growthto continue outside North America, although historicalseasonal patterns would point to slightly lower volume sequentially,particularly in the businesses with ties to the construction industry. Our most pressing challenge, of course, remains high andvolatile feedstock and energy costs. Oil and its derivatives are trading nearrecord levels. In fact, WTI this morning was quoted at $88.60, and we thereforeexpect the fourth quarter to bring substantial year-over-year increase inhydrocarbons costs. Now we will mitigate these headwinds, as we have forseveral years, through aggressive actions to maintain margins, by keeping tightcontrol over the costs we can control and through our joint ventures, whichhave competitive feedstock positions. 2007 is turning out to be another good year for Dow, and weexpect that 2008 will be yet another year of solid earnings performance. Thank you very much and Kathy, over to you.
Kathleen Fothergill: Thanks, Geoffery.  Nowthat wraps up our prepared remarks.  Foryour reference, a copy of these remarks will be posted on Dows website latertoday.  Now well move on to yourquestions. Before we do though, Id like to remind you that my commentson forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both ourprepared remarks and to anything that may come up during the Q&A. Jimmy, would you please explain the Q&A procedure?
Operator: Your first question comes from Don Carson - Merrill Lynch.
Don Carson: A question on ag, very strong South American results. Imjust wondering, to what extent do you think that you might have pulled forwardfrom the fourth quarter?  TraditionallyDow has its weakest quarter in Q3 and does somewhat better in Q4. Geoffery, just a question on FX. With 70% of your salesoverseas, how much of that 5% price improvement was due to currency?
Geoffery Merszei: Don, let me first respond on the currency side.  Just to remind everyone, on a sequentialbasis, forex, the euro, as a proxy, the dollar was about 1% down on theaverage.  In fact, its a very minimalamount.  When you do it on ayear-over-year basis, then its a little higher.  The dollar on the average depreciated about6%.  But frankly, Don, I wouldnt put alot of value to looking at the currency impact on pricing if you compare year overyear because prices, in many cases, adjust over a longer period.  Certainly, over a one-year basis, based ondemand and supply which is quite strong in Europe,particularly in Europe, these prices actuallyadjust.  So trying to separate currencyfrom the underlying price, frankly, I dont think adds a lot of value. In terms of your first question on ag, certainly the strongdemand in Brazilwas driven very much and continues to be driven very much by the underlyingvalues on the ag commodity side, as well as the added liquidity in Brazil.  Its a very healthy environment, not just forag, but in particular for ag.  There wasperhaps a little benefit of some of the sales that were booked in the thirdquarter which would have normally been booked in North America,but not a very large amount.
Don Carson: So would you expect a normal pattern where Q4 is strongerthan Q3 in ag?
Geoffery Merszei: No, I wouldnt say that. I would say that it will be probably pretty much in line with a typicaltrend in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Well take our next question from David Begleiter - DeutscheBank.
David Begleiter -Deutsche Bank: Im not sure if Andrew is there, but a question onstrategy.  In terms of a transformationaltransaction, can you highlight again the criteria that youre looking for in apartner, i.e. either capital or low-cost feedstocks? How important is it tocontrol a joint venture if it were to encompass your core ethylene chainassets?
Andrew Liveris: Great question, Dave, I am on the call.  Those questions are near and dear to ourheart here and have been for two or three years, as weve described our needand desire and our platform around higher hydrocarbon energy costs.  Clearly, these ethylene joint ventures,whether they be a single business, whether they be a project or whether theybe, indeed, an Ethylene envelope like you just described, they have to bringseveral things. Number one is their ability for the new entity, whateverthat new entity looks like -- lets call it a joint venture -- to be a growthcompany.  In essence, not just aconsolidation play, not just an exit strategy, not a leverage play, butabsolutely a growth company. Secondly, it has to preserve Dows integration, particularlyto our performance businesses, to the extent that a cracker has many outputsinclusive, of course, of the biggest of them all, ethylene, if its a liquidscracker.  The other products become verysuper-critical to create competitive advantage, not just in things liketransfer prices, but also on leveraged infrastructure, leveraged services.  A freeportdoesnt get built overnight.  So thesesorts of things are important in our transition to our marketplace businessunits which, of course, is the other key part of our strategy. Now having put those two conditions in place, a strategicpartner that creates that is almost certainly going to have access to feedstocksomewhere in the world, notably, of course, regions like the Middle East, butnot just there.  Theyre going to be ableto provide us those feedstocks on an ongoing basis, not just on one project. Beyond that, as we do these sorts of deals, our whole notionhere is to create what I would call a company that doesnt necessarily have Dowcontrol, but has access to Dow expertise. So operations capability, market franchise around the world, technology,this new enterprise, MEGlobal is a good example of one we have in place. Itoperates pretty much at the governance level as a true joint venture and withinthe company, it is its own company, like Dow Corning. So hopefully that has answered your question.  If you have any other aspect of it, let meknow.
David Begleiter -Deutsche Bank: It does. Youre on this more consistent, less cyclicalearnings profile, as youve had discussions with these partners, I assume your confidencein trough earnings being $3 or more, maybe even $3.50, has increased over thecycle.  Is that true?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, it is true. Look, we made our bold statements earlier this year.  Were sticking by them.  Weve demonstrated them through our dividendincrease.  Weve demonstrated themthrough what were doing with financial discipline.  $2 to $3 is what everyone wrote after what wesaid.  We dont have any new announcementto make, but we would definitely tell you that weve always said and Ive saidit in countless occasions, that our confidence in delivering the higher end ofthat is increasing.  Why?  Because of all the things you referenced,some of them; and some of the things I just referenced in answering the otherpart of your question.
Operator: Our next question will come from Sergey Vasnetsov - LehmanBrothers.
Sergey Vasnetsov -Lehman Brothers: 90% operating rate is an excellent result, indeed, and it isjust shy of 91%, which was the highest ever in the past ten years.  So I was just curious, what would this numberbe without outages that youve seen this quarter?  Also, are you close to the effective sold-outcondition?  If so, in which product?
Andrew Liveris: Sergey, yes.  Firstly,the outages were not very big so not a lot different.  We dont have an exact number top of mindhere, but we did have some lost production in OPTIMAL, which is in our equityline, of course, and so that doesnt factor into the operating rate.  But EO/EG was the biggest impactor in the Dowline, and that was, as Kathy said, Seadrift and St. Charles.  Therefore, to answer that question, not a lotdifferent. In terms of maximum utilization, you know across a companythis diverse, its an incredibly difficult question to answer, which is why youasked the third question.  But if youtake a generic statement of around 93% to 94% as your maximum utilization, youwouldnt be far wrong. Therefore now, to the last part of your question, which isreally which products are we seeing maxing out? Clearly, were seeing it in our ethylene chain in particular our polyethyleneethylene chain.  Were sold out in Europe;were sold out Asia. Were running hard in North America, but the North American assets are running because ofexports.  That will change, thats not aconstant thing.  Theres a big arbitragebetween the U.S.and the rest of the world right now in polyethylene pricing.  I think you know that. But look, I think the generic point you make -- and thankyou for the statistic on ten years, thats a good Dow historian there, Sergey --I would tell you that were quite encouraged by the volume performance in thequarter despite this weakness in the U.S.
Operator: Well go ahead and take our next question from JeffZekauskas  JP Morgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: Shouldnt you have windfall profits in Ethylene Glycol inthe fourth quarter? In that if youve got 4 billion pounds of capacity, itlooks like prices are up on average at least $0.20 a pound.  Shouldnt that be about $0.15 a share benefitin the fourth quarter, or is my math off?
Andrew Liveris: Let me take a crack, and by the way, Id be the first towant windfall profits in any chain right now given what weve been facing thelast x years.  Youre right, EO/EG isfirming, so everything thats out there in the press, we support yourstatement.  But we do have some issues inour operations, Jeff, in that to be perfectly frank, OPTIMAL is still down,maybe itll be down all of the fourth quarter. St. Charles operations is still down now, itshould restart soon.  So as much as wewould love to use the word windfall, were tempered by operational issues.  This was a feature of our miss in the quarter;not a huge feature, but itll remain a feature of the fourth.
Jeff Zekauskas: So maybe tempered windfall might be the rightcharacterization? In basic plastics, theres been obviously so much rawmaterial price inflation and prices have been going up to try to catch up tothe inflation and there have been propylene outages.  Do you think that the cash margins in thatbusiness for the fourth quarter are going up or down?  That is, with all the raw material and priceintensity, can you sort it out, or cant you tell?
Andrew Liveris: I think that youve got a couple of good statements in yourquestions, and the one I like in this question is can we tell? Look, itsbecoming very difficult with all the moving parts you just defined.  Of course, theres no question that weve gotthe arbitrage in the United StatesI referred to earlier suppressing polyethylene somewhat in the U.S.and its very export driven. Of course, the high ethane price here makes that crackreally difficult so here we are to liquids cracking.  Propane is at all-time highs here in the U.S.,so we have commodity compression in the United  States. We have the demand picture in the U.S.,which on the media this morning I made reference to how the industrial sectoris showing some weakness.  What did Imean by that?  I said wire and cable, Isaid industrial packaging.  So there issome softness there which will again hurt the U.S. Now, our price increases on polyethylene are sound, theOctober one and the November one is sticking right now.  Well it isnt sticking; its out there and noone seems to be blinking on it, which is great. So the moving parts here are quite significant. If the price sticks like weve got it out there, which willbe significant, if this arbitrage in the U.S.the rest of the world catches, and then the cracking slate becomescompetitive.  If you can forecast naphtha,please tell me, Id love to have an input from you.  This crude oil thing -- which is liftingnaphtha by the way -- so, its hard to tell.
Operator: Well go ahead and take our next question from Frank Mitsch -BB&T.
Frank Mitsch -BB&T: Good morning. Kathy, congratulations on last night.
Kathleen Fothergill: Thank you, Frank.
Frank Mitsch -BB&T: Now Andrew, a couple of weeks ago we saw major volatility inthe share price surrounding the decision to postpone your analyst meeting.  Could you expand upon the reasons why youdecided to do that?
Andrew Liveris: Well, just like the Red Sox are in the World Series againFrank -- I assume thats why youre congratulating Kathy -- were playing ourown World Series here and lots of people are wondering what inning werein.   I would tell you that the Dow Chemical Companyhas got lots of opportunities out there. To Daves question, we just dont want to have a prematureevent.  We dont want to have a meetingfor the sake of having a meeting.  Whenwe have a meeting, we want to be able to tell you a lot about where we are oncertain of our transactions.  Thatdoesnt mean its an imminent one, it just means that with a lot of thingsgoing on, it just says that we didnt think the timing was right. We gave some notice when we first put the data out there, wesaid tentative.  Then we were pretty muchtoying with the idea of December and we said, well, lets just wait a littlebit.   I would tell you that we are very active andwill stay very active.  But when we havea meeting, youll hear a lot from us.
Frank Mitsch -BB&T: It almost begs the question on how imminent the transactionswill be because it does appear that you are targeting early next year.  So I think some of the speculation isprobably not all that off base in terms of an imminent transaction.  With that said, assuming that youre thebuyer, how much dilution and for how long would you tolerate any significanttransformational transaction?
Andrew Liveris: I guess Ill give you two quick answers.  One, no comment on accretion or dilutionother than our whole M&A discipline is around accretion and doing the rightdeals for the right reasons, and weve been very consistent on that.  Maybe the other answer, if I can be so bold,talk to me when the Red Sox win the World Series.
Frank Mitsch -BB&T: So were going to have to wait another 84 years?
Geoffery Merszei: Frank, let me just add on to what Andrew just said.  We have been having regular dialogue with thesell side, as well as with the buy side analysts, and weve been listening toall of you.  The bottom line is thateveryone basically agrees that when we have a meeting like this, we shouldnthave a meeting just because its on the calendar every three years, but weshould have it at a time when it makes a lot of sense in terms of having afruitful dialogue and to make sure that its an efficient use of everyonestime.  So we have been listening, andthat is really truly the driver for having it at the right time.
Frank Mitsch -BB&T: Are we looking at some time in the  latter part of the first quarter?
Andrew Liveris: In terms of the meeting? Is that the question?
Frank Mitsch -BB&T: Yes.
Andrew Liveris: Probably.  I would sayit that way, but we will not give you a firm date.  But trust us, were listening, as Geofferysaid.  Our buy side, our sell side, allof you matter to us and were going to really time it so its the righttime.  I dont want to be waiting a yearfor it, hows that?  Ill give you an outof bound.
Operator: Your next question comes from Prashant Juvekar  - Citi.
Prashant Juvekar: On Performance Chemicals profits dropped theresignificantly.  If you exclude all theoutages, how much of that drop was a raw material issue, and how much of thatwas weak demand?
Andrew Liveris: Let me try, P.J. A couple of points, and Geoffrey mayadd.  Look, it was what you said, theoutages.  We had one-time costsassociated with Wolff, thats a biggie. Also, its a little bit, there are two sorts of businesses thatinfluence chemicals right now; two groups of businesses that are doingsensationally well -- the water soluble polymer business and generically, theirdesign polymers business, which includes the Water Solutions business. And then, on the other side of the shop, we have Specialty Chemicalswhich includes these EO derivatives, ethanolamines which are affected by theoutages, and then we have latex which were trying to restore latex back towhere it was a few years ago.  Paper andcarpet have always been challenged now for a while because of the housing thingand, of course, with the issues in the paper industry.  But, actually, they didnt do that bad, itwas really the acrylic latex side of the house that did poorly in the quarter. Thats a sign, by the way, that the housing thing,especially remodeling and if you study the coatings guides, all thearchitectural coatings guides, theres definite weakness, P.J., here in theUnited States on that side of the business; up to 10% down, actually,year-on-year. So its two types of answers; one, some businesses that aretroubled, because of the economy, and outages. And then another group ofbusinesses that are doing quite well.
Geoffery Merszei: I would probably summarize it as one-third of it is relatedto some of the acquisitions, i.e., Wolff. One third of it is the cost-related and then the other third is thevolume, roughly.
Prashant Juvekar: On the acquisition side, youve chosen to make some smallbut interesting acquisitions.  Now, isthat a deliberate strategy given your Union Carbide experience?
Andrew Liveris: Firstly the acknowledgement of interesting, I mean we 1,000%agree.  We have said all along that wewill do bolt-ons.  Bolt-ons, lets callthem little, interesting that round out product lines, improve market positions,especially in our market-based businesses. Weve been very rigorous in identifying those.  Patrick Ho in the epoxy business is a goodexample of that.  Jerome in the agbusiness, Pat Dawson in the urethanes business, and I can give you moreexamples. Peter Davies in the water soluble polymers and water business.  So you should see more of those. Over time as already you can see, they will make asignificant difference to our consistent and earnings growth story that werearticulating.  Carbide yay or nay, did welearn a lot from Carbide, and the experience there?  We certainly did and maybe in a differentenvironment, I can give you a lot more of the learnings. We are much, much more cautious on what I call these bigbang acquisitions because as Ive said a few times, they bring you some jewelsand they bring you some not so sparkly things.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse.
Mark Connelly -Credit Suisse: I was just hoping to get a little more color on the VCMcomments, trying to understand the sequential improvement.  We tend to think of VCM as a formula-drivenbusiness so I wouldnt have expected that to have been a key driver there.  Can you just give us a little bit more color?
Kathleen Fothergill: On sequential improvement in chemicals?
Mark Connelly -Credit Suisse: In basic chemicals.
Kathleen Fothergill: It wasnt much improvement in vinyl.  I would say caustic is better in this quarterthan last quarter and glycol is also better. As someone mentioned, Geoff mentioned, the glycol business is doingwell.  We suffered because of someoutages but those things are better, the vinyl is not a source of strength inthe basic chemicals section.
Andrew Liveris: In fact wed go also a little step further. We think theU.S. PVC market remains weak and demand remains a major concern.  Vinyl siding producers are in trouble.  I think there are other people out there whoare having trouble with the whole vinyl chain because of housing here in the U.S.  So we wouldnt say that vinyl did a goodquarter.
Mark Connelly -Credit Suisse: Maybe I misunderstood the earlier comment.  Going back to Performance Materials for asecond, am I over-estimating the tailwind that you would have gotten from rawmaterials in Dow Corning?  I mean clearlyyou had a lot of other stuff going on but were those two significant tailwindsfor this quarter?
Andrew Liveris: Youre talking about Dow Corning input costs?
Mark Connelly -Credit Suisse: Yes.
Andrew Liveris: You know why theres no tailwind there, I mean as you know,Dow Corning is today  of course its donewell now, as Kathy said in her remarks, for the last about  seven straight quarters. The  key for them is the top line is explodingwith growth because of solar and Hemlock Semiconductor, their majority-ownedjoint venture, which is doing spectacular and which of course, leveraging offtheir current infrastructure and their expansions are doing very well.  But no tailwind on raw material there.
Geoffery Merszei: In fact Dow Corning continues to do exceedingly well.  Yes, they may have some softening here in North America as many of us do, but again with their very balancedgeographic exposure, including on the silicon side particularly with gooddemand coming out of the Pacific, they continue to do very well.  And then of course, they have the advantageof their polysilicon, which is going gangbusters.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Butler - Glen HillInvestments.
Peter Butler: On the question of the timing of a possible bigjoint-venture deal.  Once upon a time Iworked for Exxon and you knew a big restructuring was coming when all of asudden an organization chart appeared in your internal mail.  An analogy to this, is it possible that yourwhite paper on joint ventures signals that you think a deal is pretty imminent?
Geoffery Merszei: Peter, if you take MEGlobal as a proxy, it took us quitesome time to put together MEGlobal.  Allthese type of transactions are not a short-term fix, theyre a long-term fix,and so its got to be done right.  Youvegot to select the right partner, youve got to make sure that the partner isfinancially sound, that he has access to new markets, that he has access to lowcost feedstock, that all the various supply contracts are in place, et cetera,et cetera.  So this takes a long time inorder to execute these types of transactions.
Andrew Liveris: Peter, I will chime in. I wouldnt correlate the issuing ofthe white paper to an imminent deal, of course. We promised it back I think in the second quarter and delivered in thethird. I will tell you what I think was Daves question again.  The strategic aspect of a transformationaldeal of that size and what were looking for and how it will be achieved hasbeen on our radar screen actually for about four straight years and hasaccelerated through the last 12 to 18 months. Whenever it comes, itll come for the right reasons, Peter.
Geoffery Merszei: By the way, the white paper was really driven by guys likeyourself, by the wholesale side and buy side analysts in order to add someclarity, some transparency to a growing portion of our income coming fromJVs.  Thats really the purpose.  This is not the end.  Were going to continue to provide more andmore information as we go forward.
Peter Butler: On a different subject, Geoffrey, when you referred to thethird quarter, you said it was another strong quarter.  On your guidance for 08, you said thatyoure looking for another year of solid earnings performance.  Does this mean that you guys see 08 earningsplus and minus 07?  Or are the odds asyou see it now that the total is going to be down for sure?  Or is it too close to call?
Geoffery Merszei: I think its very, very difficult to make these types offorecasts.  As you know, we do not giveguidance.  I can repeat what I saidearlier in terms of the bipolar economic situation that were facing withweakening tendencies in the U.S. clearly being compensated by a very, verystrong growth scenario in the emerging markets. Then, of course, the wild card is hydrocarbon and energy.  We have been very effective in mitigatingthat certainly on an annual basis beyond just looking at it on a quarterlybasis.  But thats really the environmentthat I think were going to be facing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs.
Robert Koort -Goldman Sachs: Thanks very much. Andrew, Im a little confused on the value of joint venturing yourwestern assets with somebody who might have access to raw materials.  I guess I dont really get how they can plugthose raw materials into western plants. Maybe MEGlobal is an example you use as a way to joint ventures some assets.  How does PIC provide you with an advantagefor instance for your ethylene costs in Canada?  And how is that a benchmark for what we mightexpect in your ethylene or chlorine chain?
Andrew Liveris: I think generically you are absolutely correct.  But again, remember how I answered thequestion, I said a growth company.  Agrowth company, when you put all assets, thats existing assets as in developedeconomies but not just hard assets, intellectual property assets and technologydevelopment assets which in the main reside in the western economies, and yousay this company now looks at its global footprint and its a global company.It has got marketing all over the world, MEGlobal is exactly that. If we did anything on polyethylene it will be exactly that.It would have scale, it would have customers all over the world who areleveraging off.  We have customers linein the Dow Central Germany facilities that we brought in from Spain,and those same customers are looking at going to our complex in Ras Tanura thatwere going to build with Saudi Aramco. So its leveraging your customer base. If you want a specific as a possible, and Im not sayingthis is on the table, but for example, if you do partner with somebody who hasaccess to crude oil and refining streams and they are looking at locating arefinery whether it be in the U.S. or Europe, for that matter emerging Asia,then you can do it in an integrated context. In other words, you can look at refining, petrochemicals and plastics asone integrator approach. The independent oil companies have done that fordecades.  Of course, Exxon and others aremore successful maybe than some others but that play is very sensible.  It brings liquid streams into the mix justlike our project with Saudi Aramco on the Persian Gulfin Ras Tanura, not just gas.  Frankly,wet gas is a limited resource.  In otherwords, theres not a lot of it out there that can be brought to the market overtime to make straight polyethylene from ethane, so you do need to get access toliquids, and these liquids could be in fact part of the solution in the westernhemisphere. So thats just a specific to answer you, Bob, on maybe whata PIC or its equivalent could bring us in the western hemisphere context.
Robert Koort -Goldman Sachs: But in terms of what you guys offer, obviously yourintellectual capital is powerful and your marketing and brand equity isimportant, but why would a partner want to have access to your developedcountry assets? It would seem like all of this the growth opportunity is morein the emerging markets and youve already struck those sorts of deals withAramco and PIC, so what would your partners see in getting bigger in thedeveloped countries?
Andrew Liveris: Maybe the best short answer I can give you, I could spendmore time with you later, is just go ask SABIC. Why has SABIC bought DSM Petrochemicals business in Europeand now lately GE Plastics? I think you are discounting significantly the valueof being in market in an established market for an emerging regional. I think an emerging region in global businesses, there aresome regional businesses where the comment doesnt apply: building insulations,styrene-butadiene latex, even potentially polystyrene is more regional thanglobal. But I will tell you that in certain businesses like in our ethyleneglycol and specifically polyethylene, it matters to be present in theestablished geographies.
Robert Koort -Goldman Sachs: Thats helpful. Is this a discrete that what you do on thecommodity side, is that a discrete event from what you do in performance? Or doyou need the capital that you would get out of that kind of transaction to dosomething in performance?
Andrew Liveris: Well as you know, certainly in the last 12 to 18 months thecompanys financial shape is topnotch and were demonstrating in all sorts ofways: dividend increases, share buybacks, disciplined acquisitions, rigorousexpense controls, everything Geoffrey said in his remarks. So they can bediscrete. We can organically grow and with selected acquisitions, our performancebusinesses. But clearly if we did do something of significance thatmaterialized partly like we did with MEGlobal. And it made sense for ourPerformance businesses. It would even accelerate our ability to do even more.But were not counting on one to beget the other.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin McCarthy - Banc ofAmerica Securities.
Kevin McCarthy: Andrew, youve been quite clear with regard to the value ofintegration with Dows portfolio and I dont disagree with that notion. Howeverone could argue that integration is marginally less relevant to biotech foragriculture as well as higher value-added crop protection chemicals. Andmeanwhile the value of Ag assets has soared as you know in recent years. Do youthink the market gives you credit for the value of Dow AgroSciences and if not,are there any circumstances under which youd consider separation of thoseassets to unlock value?
Andrew Liveris: Kevin, again this is a consistent question we get and Ithink we have been  consistent in ouranswers. I will tell you that the market is beginning to awake to the notionthat the Dow AgroScience vehicle is a very productive research machine. Just asa little side point, we took our board there for the first time in ten yearslast month and we basically reviewed with our Board what the Dow AgroScienceR&D machine is doing down there. Its spectacular and SmartStax is a good example of therecent output. Geoffrey covered the others, I wont go over it. But I will tellyou that whats happening is, its becoming a partner of choice.  Dow AgroSciences is becoming a partner ofchoice whether it be with small research R&D companies like Sangamo orwhether it be with the number one leader, Monsanto. And that just tells us thatweve got capability to, (a) be very much a player in this space, and (b) wecan leverage it into the other part of the enterprise and biomaterials. No, were not doing a DuPont-like play, but were being veryselective in how we take that leveragability and soy-based polyols is a goodexample. Geoffrey talked about RENUVA as a recent launch. We have more of thatto come. Under the right circumstances would we joint venture that business andretain that leveragability? Absolutely, weve always said that -- under theright circumstances.
Kevin McCarthy: Understood, shifting gears a little bit to your Gulf Coast feedstock situation thatethane is dislocated versus natural gas once again, and I think we and othershave pointed out that its more correlated with crude now. Is there anythingthat Dow can do structurally or strategically to deal with that issue thatseems to rob you of some of your feedstock flexibility?
Andrew Liveris: I mean there is a long-term answer which if you read therecent issue of Chemical Engineering News, Bill Banholzer, CTO, gives a verythorough description of what were doing to solve and break the hold of liquidgas extraction, the situation with ethane on the U.S. Gulf Coast. Fundamentallythe answer there is C1. C1 research, C1 chemistry, Dow is very big and activein the space, weve got all sorts of programs going that link it to coal, thatlink it to biomass. I wont take you through it all because we dont have thetime. So thats a long-term answer. Short-term, fundamentally its a physicalhedge. We have to keep finding physical hedges, we have them; we have them in Canada,we have them in Argentina,our LNG facility, but frankly no one is going to give us a break. We understandthat. So its price management on the output side.
Kevin McCarthy: Very briefly, Andrew, is there a next joint venture, anyupdate there?
Andrew Liveris: Still very much in motion, good dialogue with our partner, FTCapproved Chevron Phillips and Dow and  were working very hard on getting ourselvesout there and announcing the launch of the player in styrenics in North America.
Kathleen Fothergill: We have actually gone past our time but we have time for onemore question.
Operator: Our final question will come from Gregg Goodnight - UBS.
Gregg Goodnight: Have you quantified the composite effect of the St.  Charles, OPTIMAL, and Seadrift outages and theireffect in the third quarter? If you have, what is the breakdown between basicchemicals, performance chemicals?
Kathleen Fothergill: We havent quantified it, Gregg. I know that in performancechemicals the impact on results from outages generally, which there were a fewmore small ones besides those two, was probably a little bit greater than the$20 million that we talked about for the Wolffe integration cost. I would thinktheres probably a similar impact in basic chemicals too.
Gregg Goodnight: Andrew, you typified this quarter as a miss, just a qualitativequestion: If you wouldnt have had these outages, do you think you would havehit the consensus number?
Andrew Liveris: I said it on CNBCs Squawk Box this morning and Ill say itagain, were not going to hide, it is a miss. Having said that, $100 million isthe miss on the before tax line, which of course, with the tax being so noisy,thats the way to look at it. Weve said that about half of that is related to eitheracquisitions we have in the picture today we didnt have a year ago, as well asorganic growth programs that were funding in our market-based business units.And then the rest of it, you can start adding these little one time things,including the outages.
Gregg Goodnight: Your tax rate, you mentioned, would be helped by 0.5% nextyear, have you given guidance to your 2008 tax rate yet?
Geoffery Merszei: No, we have not. But for the time being, I would stick tothe rate of about 25%.
Gregg Goodnight: If I can slip in one last question, you mentioned in thepast several times that youre focusing on bolt-on acquisitions of nominally around$1 billion, would you consider a bigger deal, maybe not bolt-on, but that wouldextend your specialties portfolio even if that deal was, say, $2 billion to $3billion?
Andrew Liveris: Gregg, the answer is yes.
Gregg Goodnight: Would you do it in the immediate future?
Kathleen Fothergill: Gregg, by my count, I think youve got about five questionsin there.
Gregg Goodnight: Im doing a very good job then, Kathy.
Kathleen Fothergill: Yes, you are.
Gregg Goodnight: Thank you, everyone.
Kathleen Fothergill: Wed like to thank all of you for joining us on this calland we do look forward to talking with you on our next conference call inJanuary. Good bye.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Dow Chemical Companys Third Quarter Results conference call. Todays call is being recorded. At this time I will turn the call over to Corporate Director, Investor Relations, Kathy Fothergill. Please go ahead, maam.
Kathy Fothergill: Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, were making this call available to investors and the media via Webcast. This call is the property of the Dow Chemical Company, and any redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dows express written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dows Chairman and CEO; Geoffery Merszei, Dows Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jeff Tate, Manager in Investor Relations. Around 6:30 this morning, July 26th, our earnings release went out on PR newswire and was posted on the Internet on Dows Web site, Dow.com. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments on this conference call. The slides are posted on our Web site, available on the presentations page of the investor relations section, or through the link to our Webcast. As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We cant guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates, and we dont plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our Web site. Our earnings release, as well as recent 10-Qs, 10-Ks, and annual reports, are available on the Internet at Dow.com in the financial reports page of the investor relations section. Starting with the agenda on slide three of the presentation, Geoffery will lead off with an overview of the second quarter. Ill discuss the results of our operating segment. Then Geoffery will update you on actions weve taken to advance our strategy and describe Dows outlook for the months ahead. After that well move to your questions for Andrew and Geoffery. Before we start Id like to point out a change in our geographic reporting. Given our strong international presence and focus on growth in emerging geographies, were providing you with more detailed information on our regional activities, with sales, price, and volume data on North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and our India/Middle East/Africa region. The press release contains this data for the current period and the year-ago period. The appendix to the slide presentation provides more historical information on the same regional basis. Since youre seeing this regional data for the first time, you may have a question about the volume decline in the India/Middle East/Africa region. While this region is strategic to Dow for a number of reasons  joint venture opportunities, growth in these emerging economies  our sales in the region are relatively small at present, so the divestiture last December of our polyethylene and polypropylene businesses in South Africa had a significant impact on year-over-year comparison. Now, Geoffery, lets move to slide four and your comments.
Geoffery Merszei: Thank you, Kathy. Good morning, everyone. This was another very good quarter for Dow. Once again we secured tremendous benefit from a strong international presence, our diverse business portfolio, our commitment to joint ventures, and our focus on price volume management. We delivered solid earnings in the face of significant challenges, and in the process set a new quarterly sales record for the company. We recorded healthy cash flow, which supported investments in organic growth and acquisitions, as well as $400 million in share repurchases. And we took actions in a number of fronts to move further ahead with our strategic agenda. Ill return to each of those themes in a few moments, but first let me run through some of the second quarter highlights and details on slide five. Sales for the quarter passed $13 billion for the first time in our companys history, rising 6% from the same period a year ago, to reach $13.3 billion. Our three performance segments and basic classics set new quarterly sales records, while geographically revenues were up significantly in Europe, Latin America, and Asia Pacific. Volume was up in each of Dows performance segments, with substantial gains in the number of businesses, including Dow AgroSciences, Dow Automotive, Specialty Plastics, and Design Polymers, and price increased 6% for the company as a whole, with improvements in all operating segments, all geographic areas, and virtually all businesses. Earnings for the second quarter edged slightly higher from a year ago, rising from $1.05 to $1.07 per share, and that was achieved despite a remarkable increase in the cost of purchase feedstock and energy, which climbed more than $550 million compared with the second quarter last year. And on a sequential basis the increase was even higher; the highest on record by almost $700 million. So when framed in this context, the companys ability to achieve such strong results is pretty impressive. Now while it is fair to say that we anticipated an increase in our hydrocarbons bill, a surge of this magnitude was considerably more than we had expected. The dramatic increase in cost over such a short period of time accounts for much of the decline in EBIT within our Performance Chemicals and Performance Plastics segments, where movements and selling price tend to lag changes in raw material costs. But while these businesses were unable to keep pace with the hydrocarbon increases this quarter, second quarter if those costs remain relatively stable we can expect to see some margin recovery as we move through the current quarter. Across the company as a whole we can mitigate a portion of the hydrocarbon increase through our feedstock flexibility and our hedging activities. But frankly more important is price volume management, requiring us to navigate that fine line between retaining volume and improving margin. Clearly during the second quarter we navigated well. Volume held steady versus the same period last year, with healthy demand across many performance businesses, which collectively improved 3% year-over-year. And although our basic segments were down, this was principally due to the impact of asset shutdowns, divestitures, and plant turnarounds. Of particular note was the turnaround at Dows joint venture refinery in the Netherlands, which reduced the availability of refinery byproducts for sale in our hydrocarbons and energy segment. The turnaround also hit volume in Europe, causing an overall decline of 2%, overshadowing a solid increase of 5% to the other operating segments in the European region. We also saw strong growth in the emerging regions, with Asia Pacific up 8%, and Latin America up 4%. So with this robust volume growth outside North America, theres no question that the international reach of our businesses is having an ever more significant impact on the companys results, and we expect this contribution to continue as we reap the benefit of having assets in key regions around the globe and local people on the ground who are very familiar with doing business in their respective parts of the world. So as we continue to build this presence, particularly in the critical growth regions of China and India, selling, administrative, and research and development expenses will increase. Let me stress that this increase is entirely consistent with our expectations as we move ahead with our transformational growth strategy. SARD for the second quarter increased to 6% of sales, up from 5.5% in the same period last year. Most of this rise was focused on activities that support our performance portfolio; establishing brand, building market presence, raising the profile of the company, and increasing our investments in research and development. Rest assured, as we continue to invest for growth our financial discipline and focus on controlling costs will remain sharp. So let me now turn to another facet of Dows activities that is playing an important role in the companys success: joint ventures. Slide six, which we will include in our quarterly reviews going forward, provides a few highlights. Kathy will run through some of the dynamics of the quarter as part of her operating segment review in a few minutes, but for now let me focus on the financial highlights of our joint venture activities. Equity earnings for the quarter were up 11% from a year ago to $258 million; while year-to-date they climbed more than 30% to $532 million. Cash contributions from joint ventures were also up significantly in the second quarter compared with a year ago. And year-to-date the increase is not so pronounced due to the very timing of the dividend payments from the various joint ventures. Note also that our cash contributions to these joint ventures so far this year have been minimal, as their activities are in fact largely self-funded. But given the importance of joint ventures to our strategy, we will be providing more detailed information on how they are performing. Now before the end of the third quarter we plan on issuing a white paper offering greater clarity around Dows joint venture strategy and more insight to the dynamics that shape equity earnings. I should point out that while Dow currently participates in more than 75 joint ventures, a relatively small proportion of them have significant impact on our financial results. Our principal joint ventures include about a dozen companies and collectively accounted for more than 90% of our equity earnings last year, 2006. These joint ventures will be the focus of our white paper, which we plan to update annually. Slide seven is representative of the information we intend to provide on operations, as well as details on how they impact Dows financial statements. So in summary, this was a very good quarter for Dow; delivering strong cash flow from solid earnings, joint venture distributions, and well-managed working capital, all of which support of further investments in organic growth and acquisitions, as well as $400 million in share repurchases. As we move forward we will continue to focus on balancing the use of our cash between investing in growth opportunities and remunerating our shareholders. Kathy, over to you.
Kathy Fothergill: Thank you, Geoffery. Starting with slide nine, Performance Plastics reported record sales, with gains in both price and volume. We saw continued strength in the polyurethanes group, as price, volume, and EBIT all improved versus a year ago. For polyurethane components, volume growth was restricted by tight supply of TDI, which also limited the demand for flexible polyols; however, growth in polyurethane systems was robust, made even more so by the acquisition during the quarter of Hyperlast in the U.K. Demand for Dow Automotive products was surprisingly strong, with volume up 7% globally; substantially higher than the auto industry production, despite a significant decline in North America. While prices also increased, the improvement was not enough to offset higher costs, including raw material increases and costs associated with the consolidation of some manufacturing facilities. Dow Epoxy posted sales gains, but EBIT declined from very strong levels a year ago, as the industry has become increasingly competitive due to recent capacity additions, and the business chose not to participate in some low-margin opportunities. Slide ten. Performance Chemicals also reported higher price and volume, although raw material cost increases reduced margin. Designed Polymers posted strong results in water-soluble polymers, with increased demand from a variety of end-use applications, but gains in this business unit did not completely offset the impact of higher costs in some other designed polymers business units. Specialty Chemicals also saw solid demand and higher prices for many of its products, with particular strength in ethylene-based specialty products, although higher raw material costs compressed margins. Dow Latex increased prices both for paper and carpet latex and for specialty latex, but these gains were not sufficient to offset the substantial rise in raw material costs. Joint ventures added significantly to the bottom line in Performance Chemicals, with improved results at OPTIMAL and continued outstanding operating performance at Dow Corning, although Dow Cornings earnings declined compared to the second quarter of 2006, which included the benefit of a favorable tax settlement. As you can see on slide 11, Agricultural Sciences had another outstanding quarter and an excellent first half. The business posted double-digit volume gains in both ag chem and seeds and traits, and volume improved around the world; in North America, Latin America, Europe, and Asia Pacific. This growth was driven by both robust industry conditions and by Dow AgroSciences strong portfolio of existing and new products, including penoxsulam rice herbicide and aminopyralid herbicide for range and pasture. Were pleased with the progress weve made this year with our Herculex family of traits for corn. And while the final numbers are not yet in, we believe sales of Dow AgroSciences corn seed in the U.S. have grown faster than the overall industry. Moving to slide 12 and Basic Plastics, we continue to see strong results, despite the significant rise in feedstock costs. Polyethylene reported gains in price and volume in Europe, Asia Pacific and Latin America, but declines in North America on the volume side due to the shutdown of our low-density polyethylene plant in Sarnia in the second half of last year. Polystyrene continued to raise prices, chasing ever-higher benzene costs. Very strong demand for polystyrene in Asia Pacific offset declines in other regions, where some customers delayed purchases in the hope that prices would come down. Polypropylene saw healthy demand growth in North America and Europe, offsetting the impact of the Safripol divestiture in December last year. Prices improved in all regions, but not sufficiently to offset higher costs. Equity earnings improved, with higher contributions from both EQUATE and Siam Polyethylene. In Basic Chemicals, slide 13, better results for EO/EG and solvents and intermediates were more than offset by a decline in ChlorVinyls EBIT. While prices for caustic soda and VCM improved from the first quarter, they were down from a year ago. At the same time, energy costs increased by more than 10%, the perfect recipe for a real margin squeeze. Industry conditions have improved for EO/EG with good demand for both polyester and PET, coupled with delays in anticipated supply additions. Adding to the improved results for EO/EG were higher equity income contributions from MEGlobal, EQUATE, and OPTIMAL. One final data point. Our operating rate for the quarter was 86%, up 2% from second quarter last year. That wraps up the financial review of the quarter. Now Id like to turn the microphone back over to Geoffery for his update on strategy and outlook.
Geoffery Merszei: Thank you, Kathy. Three months ago we promised to provide a quarterly update highlighting some of the actions we have taken against each of our key strategic themes. Before doing that, let me remind you of the key components of that strategy, which are detailed on slide 14. I have no intention of running through this now. Instead, let me outline a few of the highlights from the last few months, sticking with the same format that I used last quarter, starting with opportunities that will accelerate geographic and business growth. As you can see from slide 15, during the quarter we successfully completed the acquisition of both Wolff Walsrode from the Bayer Group, and Hyperlast Systems business from British Vita. Following the acquisition of Wolff Walsrode, the Designed Polymers business announced the formation of Dow Wolff Cellulosics, a $1 billion specialty business focused on cellulosics and related chemistries, and serving a broad spectrum of strategic industry sectors. Also within Designed Polymers, the water-soluble polymers business announced plans to open a new application laboratory in Shanghai, China, to support the construction polymers industry across Asia Pacific. Another new laboratory, this time in Egypt, was announced by the Polyurethanes business, focused on systems market development and prototyping, to meet the growing needs of customers across the Middle East, India, and Africa. And Dows ANGUS Chemical unveiled plans for a new R&D manufacturing facility at the Sterlington site in Louisiana to support the development of specialty products and processes across a range of industry segments. Finally on growth, the company has made a significant commitment to energy conservation solutions in the rapidly-growing Eastern Europe, recently authorizing four new plants for the production of STYROFOAM brand insulation in that region. Turning to activities within our basics businesses, which you can see on slide 16, in May we announced the start of a detailed feasibility study with Shenhua Coal for the construction o a world-scale coal-to-chemical complex in China. The same week, we signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Saudi Aramco to move further forward with the Ras Tanura chemicals and plastics production complex in Saudi Arabia. And earlier this month the two companies announced the appointment of KBR as the project management company for that feasibility study. Now during our last earnings call I mentioned our proposed joint venture with Chevron Phillips Chemical involving assets from the two companies polystyrene and styrene monomer businesses in the Americas. Now that project is still moving forward towards regulatory approval. In the meantime, Dow has continued to explore strategic options for its polystyrene business outside the Americas. To that end, we are continuing to look at other options for the rest of our styrenics business, as we told you that we would during our earnings call last January. Finally, and most recently, just last week we announced a joint venture in Brazil with Crystalsev to create a world-scale facility to convert sugar cane into polyethylene. The project not only marks a significant step forward in our sustainable chemistry endeavors, but it also serves to strengthen our presence in this critical growth region, and takes advantage of the countrys low cost feedstock, in this case, ethanol. Looking now at innovation, slide 17, let me begin by highlighting that 33% of sales in the second quarter came from products that have been introduced by Dow in the past five years. And just as important, weve been investing in our products of the future as we continue to revitalize our innovation agenda. Ive already mentioned the new application development facilities in China, Egypt and Louisiana, so let me now single out a few of our other achievements and activities in this arena. Looking back over the past few months, weve reported success on a number of fronts. For example, Dow AgroSciences and Sangamo BioSciences recently announced the completion of key research milestones focused on the generation of specific traits in maize and canola. In addition, we formed a joint venture partnership between Dow, the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, and the Chinese Energy Research Institute, aimed at supporting Chinas efforts to improve energy efficiency and reduce energy intensity. And it is also worth reporting that the methane-to-olefins research initiative we announced last quarter received more than 80 submissions. Ten of these proposals have been selected for an in-depth review. The past three months has also seen the introduction of several new product lines. For example, earlier this month we launched Hypod Polyolefin Dispersions, the first in a family of products made possible by Dows proprietary Bluewave technology. The new products are being targeted towards a broad range of end-use applications, including paper coatings, carpet backing, fabric protection and footwear. We are also ramping up sales of a new range of epoxy products and systems for windmill applications, addressing customers calls for larger blades and faster production cycles. And in Europe we announced the introduction of approximately twenty new and upgraded polypropylene products for rigid packaging and film converters. The new products, that will be commercialized as INSPIRE resins, include low odor and taste grades with food application approvals. Now moving to financial discipline, youll find out on slide 18 capital spending for the second quarter was slightly north of $460 million, bringing the year-to-date total to $792 million and keeping us well within our full-year $2 billion target for cap ex. Now on shareholder remuneration, I spoke earlier about investing $400 million in our share buyback program during the second quarter. This more than offset dilution. And let me also mention that the 12% increase in dividend payments that we announced last April is now in place and will be reflected in dividend payments on July 30th. Now looking at portfolio management, Ive already mentioned the two acquisitions that we completed during the quarter, namely Wolff Walsrode and Hyperlast. Moving on to working capital management, day sales outstanding in receivables remained at a very low level of just 40 days, while day sales in inventory ended the quarter at 62 days. Working capital management, and in particular inventory management, remain an important priority for us. Now in terms of our performance against financial metrics, Dows return on capital and return on equity through the first half of this year were 16% and 23%, respectively, both comfortably ahead of our long-term targets. And so finally lets turn to Dows outlook. We continue to expect overall global GDP growth to be quite healthy in the current year, at or above 3%. The U.S. is expected to show slower growth than last year, principally because of headwinds from the housing and auto industries, although the sharpest declines in residential construction appear to be behind us. Growth in Europe should be solid, while emerging regions are likely to be stronger still, particularly in China, which we expect to continue to grow at double-digit (inaudible) and regions. So with supply growth limited, industry supply and demand should remain balanced, particularly in the ethylene chain. On the other hand, as we have said before, chlor-alkali industry conditions may weaken later in the year, impacted by capacity startups later in the year or early 2008. For Dow we anticipate solid demand through the third quarter. Our Agricultural Sciences business is likely to see a typical seasonal decline, but with our strong product portfolio and good momentum we expect to report another quarter of favorable year-over-year comparison. Feedstock and energy costs are expected to remain high and volatile through this quarter. Nevertheless, our performance through the first half of the year and our outlook for the second reinforces our view that our strategy is working and that we will continue to deliver strong results and cash flow for the company and our shareholders. Thank you very much. And over to you, Kathy.
Kathy Fothergill: Thanks, Geoffery. Well that wraps up our prepared remarks. For your reference, a copy of these remarks will be posted on Dows Web site later today. Now well move on to your questions. Before we do, though, Id like to remind you that my comments on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both our prepared remarks and to anything that may come up during the Q&A. Janelle, would you please explain the Q&A procedure?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Well take our first question today from Don Carson from Merrill Lynch.
Don Carson: A question on ag. You had very strong ag results. Im just wondering to what extent did you see any pull-forward in Brazil, because I know other players down there are talking about a bit of a pull-forward in input purchase. And, Kathy, you mentioned that you think you gained share in corn seed. Can you just quantify that and then talk about how you think that positions you to expand your corn seed business?
Kathy Fothergill: Okay, let me answer some of that. As far as the Brazil, we did see strong growth in Brazil, but I wouldnt characterize that, at least our currency was we didnt see that as a pull-forward of third quarter sales. We just think the conditions down there were quite strong. As far as our market share, as you know, its not all final yet; we havent had returns. But we think that our sales growth rate was maybe two or three percentage points above the industry growth rate. I dont know what that does actually for share of market, but we do think we were ahead of the industry growth rate. You know, our Herculex traits are doing quite well, and so we think that bodes well for the future.
Don Carson: And getting back to Brazil, so is that the key reason, Geoffery, why you think youre going to have strong year-over-year comparisons, would just be strength down in Brazil? And how strong could that second-half year-over-year comparison be in ag?
Geoffery Merszei: Well, I mean Brazil obviously plays an important role, but overall the momentum is very strong across all the regions. So we expect on a comparative basis year-over-year a positive result in most of the regions. And the fundamentals in Brazil overall  as you know, the economy there is doing very well and theres a lot more liquidity today than what weve seen over the last few years, and that gives us a great opportunity to maximize our current products as well as the launches of new products.
Andrew Liveris: Let me just chime in. So we talked Brazil; also Argentina, and theres an insecticide run in Canada for wheat aphid thats beginning. So even though U.S. insecticide is maybe not as good, but the insecticide run in Canada  remember third quarter is a down quarter, right, so were off the major part of the ag production. But the momentum in ag, Kathy mentioned share point gain in U.S. corn. We can quantify it more exactly, but we were better than industry based on Herculex. And Brazil was strong and no (inaudible).
Don Carson: Andrew, can you address the strategic issue of  I mean youre making advances in corn seed, youve got some interesting traits, especially in healthy oils; how does that position you to sort of significantly grow your seed traits business via joint venture or via an acquisition?
Andrew Liveris: Well I think, Don, its kind of hierarchal in its order of hierarchy in what weve been doing. We are the most profitable ag chem. company out there today in terms of returns. That was the last three or four years worth of work that Jerome and his team have done. Second, we put in a huge amount of investment from the ag chem results into traits and that is starting to pay some dividends. Of course, Herculex is just the legacy trade really in working with our cross licenses there. The key, the next hierarchy then is what you homed in on, which is seeds and channel. Weve got good agreements across the sector. We anticipate well have more of those to say, but were also, you may not have noticed we bought a little company in Austria. Were picking off seed companies when and if they become available to take our next generation traits, including the molecule stacks. So we can become a legitimate player in our own right, beyond the need to do anything significant in terms of a large JB or alliance or even divest or acquire some business model that you guys ask us about all the time. Said another way, our ag business has become quite a performer, even though it doesnt necessarily have the scale of a market leader. I think it does put punch above its weight, and as a consequence of that were going to continue to keep investing the way weve done in the last few years. And I think over a course of a timeframe we will find the right structure for the organization and the company as a whole.
Operator: Our next question today comes from David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Andrew, weve seen really massive M&A in the chemical space. Youve largely stayed on the sideline, absent a couple of small transactions. Whats your thinking going forward on down in terms of bulking up in the specialty or differentiated chemical arena over the next 12 to 24 months?
Andrew Liveris: Dave, I mean youve characterized us right; we actually havent used the term financial discipline to use that characterization. I think youve seen us do little deals. Wolff was not all that little, but its a good example. In fact, the largest in five years, Geoffery just added. But the expectation that we can do a bigger deal in the specialty space is certainly there. Wed like to, but frankly the prices and what you have to pay, you really have to have a strategic story that fits. Weve been very clear about the sorts of places we want to grow in in the end-use market domain. Ive talked about water and Ive talked about coatings and adhesives and downstream businesses that were good at, but we could go further downstream and help dampen our earnings cyclicality and use this massive cash flow. Were a great cash flow story if you keep following us, so our cash flow is doing great. We have the firepower to add, but we want to make sure that were disciplined when that happens. It takes two to tango and were going to make sure that when we do the deal it will be one that you guys stand back and say, Boy, that fits. That really fits. And frankly, rather than react to whats available, were going to be patient and do it the right way and the way our shareholders demand of us, which is what we demand of ourselves. So medium to large, there are just not that many properties that really make sense. But however, we do do a lot of deal churn; we look at lots of things, and we will do the right deal at the right time.
David Begleiter: Andrew and you guys, you did mention the SG&A being up substantially. Is this a new high-level spending going forward for Dow?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, I think Geofferys well in his prepared remarks. We are in an invest mode; you will expect to see R&D spending up on some of these new things he was talking about as we seek to diversify our input footprint. You notice some of the alternative, feedstock, energy, some of the projects in that domain. Of course, application side we are investing in key market areas, like duning, like water, etc. The acquisitions themselves bring SG&A. So were doing growth-oriented acquisitions, so when we do year-on-year comparisons youll see that go up. Again, consistency here is that were going to put it all in the performance downstream businesses. Thats what youre seeing. And yes, were creeping up a little bit, but I will tell you this, we are dashboarding this every two weeks so that we understand where to invest and wheres stuff we can actually take out so that we can actually portfolio manage this so that over time we monetize businesses or we actually take out costs in businesses were running for cash. All the increases that youve seen in the second quarter are planned. Actually, year-to-date were better than planned. So frankly, the board and us, as a management team, are investing. Youre quite right to characterize with that, but we are keeping a very tight watch on what goes up, and in fact what can come down, to help mitigate.
Operator: And next from JP Morgan well hear from Jeff Zekauskas.
Jeff Zekauskas: You went out of your way to say that your cap ex is about $800 million for the first half, which will be comfortably below depreciation at $2 billion if you annualize it. But youve also made a large acquisition in buying Wolff and youve got Hyperlast as well. So maybe all that comes out to be something close to $3 billion by the end of the year; I dont know, something on that order. Can you talk about what kind of levels of investment you wish to make over time, and in particular whether some of your investments in Saudi Arabia or in the Mid East will drive up your cap ex above your level of depreciation or whether you expect it to remain below over time?
Andrew Liveris: Jeff, the strategy here is to meet our longer-term financial targets, which includes an EPS growth rate of 10% over the next ten years. If you look at the composition of our cap ex as well as the composition of growing through acquisitions, it is all in areas where either we secure (inaudible) feedstock on the basis side, and in fact in most cases certainly on the acquisition side it is in the performance sector that is helping us to meet these financial targets. So its a matter of balancing out the organic growth as well as the acquisition. Now we are generating a very strong cash flow and dont forget that our joint ventures  and I think I made reference to that  the joint ventures are also generating a very healthy cash flow, and in fact are being self-financed. So the expansion in the Middle East  and not just the Middle East, also in Thailand, for instance, in (inaudible) cement, where you have both growth investments on the basics as well as on the performance side and have primarily in the performance side; and that again is just being self-generated. So we need to do a combination of that in order to meet our ultimate goal, which is to improve not just the consistency of our earnings, but also the growth of our EPS.
Jeff Zekauskas: Im sorry; in your comment you said that your goal was to have 10% EPS growth over a ten-year period. That is 10% average annual EPS growth?
Andrew Liveris: Thats correct.
Jeff Zekauskas: So youve moved from being a cyclical model to a growth model. Is that the idea?
Andrew Liveris: Well, we have not  Jeff, we have had this target now for quite a few years. We havent changed them. As you know, we also have a return on capital and return on equity target of 13%, 3% above a cost of capital, as well as 20% return on equity. We have been very close to meeting those targets. The one area where we have failed over the last ten years has been on EPS growth. And so clearly we want to accelerate that measurement as well as mitigating the cyclicality on our earnings.
Operator: And next well hear from PJ Juvekar from Citi.
PJ Juvekar: Andrew, your performance result, EBIT was down. As U.S. economy slows are you seeing more pushback on pricing from your customers?
Andrew Liveris: Well, you know, performance is  as you know, PJ  its a huge, huge sector and I really cant do great justice to your question across a generic comment. But I will say this; the huge sequential quarter increase on hydrocarbons and energy, feedstock and energy for making chlorine derivative products, which of course feed the performance sector; I mean that was really a large, large sequential increase, our largest in history. And as you know, performance businesses lag in their ability to get price increases. A lot of the performance businesses have price increases out there; some of them are taking hold. To your point on North America, no question that the order of housing sector in North America is weak and so therefore pricing in North America remained a weak spot. But remember, we also have a large presence internationally and our performance businesses are very present in places like China, for example. In fact, in China, if you look at our revenues there, over 70% are in the performance sector. So there is a regionality to the question, even though North America is weak. We still anticipate  conversely, I think weve said this quite a lot, if oil price stabilizes or in fact keeps going high, that actually provides a sustained air cover for our ability for our performance businesses to finally give price increases out there. And I think we expect that that would happen in the third quarter with the current scenario on oil and naphtha. Fourth quarter 06 and first quarter 07 are examples of margin expansion in our performance business when it was sustained high input costs. And I think thats what you can expect to see going to the third.
PJ Juvekar: Geoffery, can you talk about your unusually high sundry income and a lower tax rate?
Geoffery Merszei: And the tax rate. Well let me start with the tax rate. The underlying tax rate is in fact very similar to where it was in the first quarter, roughly about 25%. We did have an unusual tax item; well, we have many, as you know, as a global company, where we in fact have facilities and realize gains and losses in very (inaudible) sections. In this case we have a tax law change in Texas which increased the value of our tax credits in that state and that had about a $50 million impact. So thats on the tax rate side. Oh, by the way, going forward you should also use an underlying rate of approximately 25%. Now on the sundry income, over the last couple of years weve been averaging about a $70 million amount. Now of course that does swing every so often, and in this case the big delta between what we saw in the past year over year, as well as the first quarter, is some Forex hedging activity where in fact a year ago we had some Forex losses and this quarter we had some gains, and that then created this relatively wide swing.
PJ Juvekar: So the sundry income we should factor in something like $70 million. Maybe you add another $50 million from Forex hedging this quarter.
Geoffery Merszei: Thats correct.
Operator: And next well hear from Bob Koort from Goldman Sachs.
Bob Koort: I wonder if you could talk a little bit about what the holdup or potential holdup might be in the styrenics joint venture. And then it seems as if numerous companies in the industry are trying to do something about that business. Can you give us some hope for what it might look like in the next couple of years or will we have a cyclical downdraft that sort of neutralizes the self-help efforts there? And then secondly, could you just comment on an update on what youre doing in Oman? Thank you.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, styrenics, as you know, has been a sustained downdraft for some years now. The new world order of naphtha and benzene and gasoline clearly has affected the styrenics change. Were very excited about our joint venture with Chevron Phillips here in the Americas because of the styrene/polystyrene match that that provides when we made that announcement. Its moving through the FTC approval process, and that just takes time. I mean this is an industry consolidation that will in fact get its level of scrutiny; however, its just the right thing to do for all sorts of reasons, I believe some being our customers, because our customers in the Americas need to sustain source thats comparative here in the Americas. Thats true globally. I do think the entire world order of styrenics is going through those evaluations and making announcements. Some people here on the continent of course have announced the same sort of deal. In fact, this happened in Europe recently with BSS. So I do believe that at the end of this is a better value change from input, which is benzene and obviously ethylene and obviously therefore naphtha and anything that gives us ethylene, and then beyond that of course, for the customers, because youll have a viable sustainable enterprises in the value chain. Dow has said that were not committed to being a full owner, not committed to even being a half-owner. Well do what it takes to upgrade the value of these businesses going forward to make them reinvestment grade. I think that was really key. On Oman, that article in Chemical Week was stale, it was old, so really whats going on is our partners and us are still in discussions. We have ways forward to of course overcome whats happened there. Weve always said it was delayed. Its not canceled. We are working on the right configuration for that project going forward. There are the two issues; one is the capital costs, which of course we caught the wave there, so unlike our Kuwait project, weve delayed it based on the high capital costs. We are working our way through that. At the same time the gas supply, which is very unique to Omans situation, and our partners and ourselves remain committed to finding a viable project there in the medium term.
Bob Koort: Great. I also want to applaud you for providing more disclosure on the JVs and the slides for the conference call; its quite helpful.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Bob. Were listening and were doing our best. I know you guys want more, and well do our best to keep giving it. Part of our continuous improvement program here.
Operator: And our next question comes from Glen Hill Investments, Peter Butler.
Peter Butler: I think we can go back to when Paul Oreffice was CFO and he would be proudly pointing out that our receivables are in great shape, but those operating guys are pretty sloppy with their inventories. Why is this such a long-term congenital problem? Are you guys really serious about doing something about it? And what could you reap there in terms of improving your working capital?
Geoffery Merszei: Peter, thats a nice question for me to answer. Peter, inventory management is critical, as weve been saying, and it has been a challenge. I think one of the reasons why were having a little bit of a tough time, theres a volatility frankly in the marketplace. As part of managing the exposure on the feedstock side sometimes its advantageous to keep it low, sometimes its high; its part of the price volume management. And so this is not an ideal time to frankly or necessarily have low inventory. For one time in the quarter it may be advantageous; by the end of the quarter it might not be advantageous. But I think the key issue here is that we are focusing on it and were going to improve on it.
Andrew Liveris: Peter, one thing, if I could chime in, seeing you evoked Paul. One thing he didnt have that we have is then all of our  everyone has is that word, globalization. The transparency provided to the customer base around the world on what the terms and conditions are in China versus Brazil versus Poland versus Columbia versus U.S. maybe has become quite a deterrent, being an efficient working capital manager vis--vis the volatility of inputs that we have to suffer that Geoffery made. Having said that, were determined to use the total supply chain so that we dont have to carry it on our books. Peter Butler  Glen Hill Investment Research Andrew, are you pushing the ball forward on doing a MEGlobal type deal in your U.S. basics?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, at the start of the year, Peter, I said that this would be a transformational year for the company. I remain committed to making it a transformational year in the company. I also remain committed to do the very best for our shareholders so that we dont just do any deal. And we have been working very hard and doing deals that we fit. MEGlobal is a classic example of a deal that fits. Similarly, some of these projects we have announced I think fit that criteria. And we have a very powerful basics franchise that were not just going to monetize with short-term endeavors. Were going to marry and joint venture because it makes strategic sense and improves the returns and cash flows to our shareholders. As you can see in the transparency that Bob Koort referred to in our JVs, these are tremendously strong cash flow, high-return enterprises were setting up, and you aint seen nothing yet. And the answer to your question is yes, we are working diligently on the right deal for the right reasons.
Operator: And next well go to Frank Mitsch from BB&T Capital Markets.
Frank Mitsch: Andrew, if I understand your comment on CNBC correctly this morning, can we expect to see kangaroo on the menu at Dows cafeteria soon?
Andrew Liveris: Frank, if kangaroo starts to appear on the menu at the New York City or wherever, Im going to really start worrying about the U.S.s health concerns here, okay.
Frank Mitsch: I understand that its rather stringy.
Andrew Liveris: It didnt sound very good to me.
Frank Mitsch: No, it did not. The question on slide 14 of a list of things that Dow is doing, the bottom of the list was return value to shareholders. I assume that thats not the bottom of things that youre looking to do. And in that vein, you spent $400 million on share buyback in the second quarter. The stock is now at a level, is pretty much at the lowest level that it was throughout the second quarter. Can we look for share repurchase to accelerate, particularly at these levels throughout the year? And if you could give us some guidance there, that would be very helpful.
Andrew Liveris: Frank, Im just going to make reference to what I said in the first quarter. We have been  in fact weve been consistent since last year. Number one, we do want to balance investments and remunerating our shareholders, but we also said when we announced the new program, the $2 billion program at the end of the year, that we plan on having it completed by the middle of next year. I think in the first half of this year we spend over $800 million on it and you can make your own calculation as to what its going to be between now and middle of next year. So I think we are consistent and were going to continue buying back our shares.
Frank Mitsch: Okay. And any chance that you might look at increasing the size of that program, given, as Andrew referenced before, the solid cash flow generation at Dow?
Andrew Liveris: Well, dont forget we also have a priority, which is to grow, both organically as well as through acquisitions. If we go ahead and aggressively accelerate this program, then we also may be precluding some interesting growth opportunities on the acquisition side. So I think the answer is still, Frank, is still a balanced approach. But having said that, $2 billion over a relatively short time I think makes a statement.
Frank Mitsch: All right, terrific. Then lastly, on the M&A front, Huntsman and Hexion look like theyre going to be combining here. What do you think thats going to do to the competitive dynamic in epoxies? And may something come out of that transaction from the FTC perspective that might allow you to grow your own business in picking up some pieces there?
Andrew Liveris: Epoxy, Frank, definitely is a growth business for Dow and we are doing a lot to actually put the epoxy business in the same value chain the urethanes business has successfully done, which is really go downstream into systems and adhesives and all the things that we can do with those great, great functional chemicals. So our strategy is to make that business more and more downstream, and Patrick and his team are doing a great job there. Well always look for pieces that can actually keep globalizing it while making it go downstream. Of course, whatever happens out of the newly announced transaction will be of interest, but we wont comment in terms of anything specific other than to say what I just said; its a growth activity we want to keep investing in.
Operator: And Kevin McCarthy from Banc of America Securities has our next question.
Kevin McCarthy: Andrew, would you update us on your market-facing businesses? How many have you established? What ones might be next? And most importantly, how can we assess, or how can you assess the impact on profitability as you transform the way in which you interact with your customers?
Andrew Liveris: Yes, clearly, Kevin, we have announced  weve got, right; these were not announced  as an ag farm food nutrition business is an established one. Auto was established, booting was established; so those arent in the category of announce there, and category of reaffirmation. Water was announced, as you know, and we got  that was last year. Now coatings and footwear were just announced and were evaluating two or three others this year. What were going to be very conscious of, to answer your specific question, is where  and this is back to transparency  Geoffery and I and the teams are working on market value-add mechanisms for their metrics which are based on gross margins and investments in sod so that we can track it. I mentioned dashboard on the comments earlier on another question. Were going to be basically tracking them in terms of invest versus grow, top line and margin growth. Were going to be very conscious we dont over-announce and over  add too many of these, at the same time focusing in on areas that have discontinuities of the marketplace. So as time goes by well do more on acquisition. So right now we probably have no more to announce for a little while, to answer that specifically, Kevin.
Kevin McCarthy: (Inaudible) consolidation recently among commodity chemical players in North America. Im wondering does that shrinking list of players provide any greater opportunity for Dow to extend your asset light strategy to some of your larger commodity businesses, like polyethylene or perhaps even chlor-alkali? Are you seeing any increased interest or activity there, Andrew?
Andrew Liveris: I think the answer to that is that because weve made the statements weve made that Peter referred to, now over a year ago, and reaffirmed them in January, we remain the prize partner, if I can say it that way, Kevin. So for the right reasons there are a lot of players out there who would want to do a deal with us for the right reasons, and I mentioned those earlier, whether it be in the chlor-alkali chain or whether it be in the ethylene chain. As Ive always said, were not going to do those lightly because they are so key to our value-add performance businesses. So those are not cleave-off strategies; these are kind of partnering strategies, joint ventures so that we can remain competitive in the downstream value-add businesses. So long story short, I think we remain a prize property. We are not short of people talking to us. And at the same time, whats going on in the North American market, remembering were at global play. Global play has a different ramification to anyone who joint ventures with us than just the North American play. So were not short of people to talk to. I think the consolidation is good for the sector and I think it will continue to bring us opportunity.
Kevin McCarthy: I mean, when do you decide to fish or cut bait on coal gasification in China?
Andrew Liveris: Fish or cut bait is probably too early. Maybe Id use a kangaroo analogy. Were hopping along and were going to do the phaseability study with great rigor. And a year from now were going to know a whole lot more about the economic feasibility of colder liquids and colder chemicals. Chinas very committed to that program.
Operator: And next well hear from Sergey Vasnetsov from Lehman Brothers.
Sergey Vasnetsov: I have a couple of questions on your tables from page eight and nine of the press release. Im trying to reconcile some price and volume data. Starting from Europe, what would be the impact  what would be the volume in Europe if you stripped out the impact of turnaround and acquisitions? And secondly, when Im looking at the North American prices increasing by only one-percent and looking at the divisional level, the minimal increase was essentially 2% in North America. How could North America be so much lower than every single division?
Kathy Fothergill: Ill answer the question on Europe, Sergey. Not a big impact, I dont think from M&A, but without the turnarounds, without the hydrocarbons impact, volume in Europe would have been up 5% instead of down 2%. So its a huge impact. Thats where we fell all the refinery byproducts; those sales are in Europe. And then your other question was on North America, which price?
Sergey Vasnetsov: Right.
Kathy Fothergill: Yes, price increase was relatively model. I mean, we had a few things up, but most of the businesses were flat or even down in North America compared to a year ago. Europe will have embedded in it the impact of currency, which accounts for some portion of that. It depends on the business; it might be a half in some businesses or it might be a little less than that in others. So I think thats probably the reason. North America has the weakest supply-demand balance of the regions right now, and so that gives you less pricing power.
Sergey Vasnetsov: Okay, thats helpful. And, Kathy, could it translate the 7%, the delta on volume in Europe into a financial impact for you? How many millions was this in the quarter?
Kathy Fothergill: I cant; I really dont know. I dont know. This is the refinery byproducts; there are not necessarily huge margins on this.
Operator: And Mark Connelly from Credit Suisse has our next question.
Kathy Fothergill: Mark, I just want to tell you, I think were running past time, but youre in and I think were just going to have to call that the last call.
Mark Connelly: Well, and Im only going to ask one question too.
Kathy Fothergill: Thats okay.
Mark Connelly: With respect to Brazil, given the extra energy process steps and capital to get from sugarcane all the way to ethylene, can you talk about the relative advantage versus a typical naphtha cracker?
Andrew Liveris: Its an in-market play, which means it competes against indigenous or imported naphtha, to your point. So its definitely not a Middle East-oriented gas play, so thats your first line of question. It is advantage versus indigenous naphtha. We wont say much; no one has competition to know. But how do we get there, to answer the kind of framing question you asked? But partnering with Crystalsev, theyre an integrated ethanol producer today. The difference between Brazil and the U.S. in this whole world is U.S. is building its ethanol infrastructure; Brazil hasnt. And so as a consequence, I went over there last week, I toured their ethanol facility, which is very much integrated with their sugar milling process and the cane fields. Highly automated, large-scale, great, great product diversification, great energy efficiency; selling 85% of the output of the entire power plant that they have there, which uses the (inaudible) to the grid. So compared to a conventional naphtha cracker it uses 15% of the energy as a whole. So long story short, the extra steps of ethanol to ethylene and polyethylene are going to be very small power consumers. So this is a very energy-efficient process because of its integration, which we love.
Kathy Fothergill: Okay, well that concludes our conference call. Thank you for joining us today. We look forward to talking with you again on our next conference call in October. Goodbye.
Operator: And this does conclude todays conference. Again, we thank you for joining and have a great day.
